
20-F

1

drr0217_20f.htm

FORM 20-F

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 20-F

¨   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

þ   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2020

OR

¨   TRANSITION REPORT
                                         PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

¨   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission File Number: 1-15182

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in
its charter)

Not Applicable   TELANGANA, INDIA
(Translation of Registrant’s name   (Jurisdiction of incorporation or
into English)   organization)

8-2-337, Road No. 3, Banjara Hills

Hyderabad, Telangana 500 034, India

+91-40-49002900

(Address of principal executive offices)

Saumen Chakraborty,
Chief Financial Officer,

+91-40-49002004, saumenc@drreddys.com

8-2-337, Road No. 3, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad,
Telangana 500 034, India

(Name, telephone, e-mail and/or facsimile
number and address of company contact person)

Securities registered or to be registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title of Each Class   Trading Symbol   Name of Each Exchange on which Registered
American depositary shares, each representing one equity share   RDY   New York Stock Exchange

Equity Shares*

*   Not for trading, but only in connection with the registration of American depositary shares, pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Commission .

Securities registered or to be
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act. None.

Securities for which there is
a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act. None.

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s
classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report.

166,172,082 Equity Shares

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
þ

No
¨

If this report is an annual or transition
report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

Yes
¨

No
þ

Note — Checking the box above will
not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from
their obligations under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes
þ

No
¨

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

Yes
þ

No
¨

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of “accelerated filer”, “large accelerated filer” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated
filer
þ

   Accelerated
filer
¨

   Non-accelerated
filer
¨

   Emerging
growth company
¨

If an emerging growth company that prepares
its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a)
of the Exchange Act.
¨

† The term “new or revised
financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting
Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting
the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

U.S. GAAP ¨   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued þ   Other ¨
by the International Accounting Standards Board

If “Other” has been checked
in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.

Item
17
¨

Item 18
¨

If this is an annual report, indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).

Yes
¨

No
þ

Currency of Presentation and Certain Defined Terms

In this annual report
on Form 20-F, references to “$” or “U.S.$” or “dollars” or “U.S. dollars” are to
the legal currency of the United States and references to “Rs.” or “rupees” or “Indian rupees”
or “INR” are to the legal currency of India, references to “MXN” are to the legal currency of Mexico, references
to “ZAR” are to the legal currency of South Africa, references to “UAH” are to the legal currency of Ukraine,
references to “GBP” are to the legal currency of the United Kingdom and references to “EUR” or “euros”
are to the legal currency of the European Union. Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards, or “IFRS”, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or “IASB”. These
standards include International Accounting Standards, or “IAS”, and their interpretations issued by the International
Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee, or “IFRIC”, or its predecessor, the Standing Interpretations Committee,
or “SIC”. References to a particular “fiscal” year are to our fiscal year ended March 31 of such year.
References to our “ADSs” are to our American Depositary Shares.

References to “U.S.
FDA” are to the United States Food and Drug Administration, to “ANDS” are to Abbreviated New Drug Submissions,
to “NDAs” are to New Drug Applications, and to “ANDAs” are to Abbreviated New Drug Applications.

References to “U.S.”
or “United States” are to the United States of America, its territories and its possessions. References to “India”
are to the Republic of India. References to “EU” are to the European Union. All references to “we,” “us”,
“our”, “DRL”, “Dr. Reddy’s” or the “Company” shall mean Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories Limited and its subsidiaries. “Dr. Reddy’s” is a registered trademark of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories
Limited in India. Other trademarks or trade names used in this annual report on Form 20-F are trademarks registered in the name
of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited or are pending before the respective trademark registries, unless otherwise specified.
Market share data is based on information provided by IQVIA Holdings Inc. (formerly Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc.) (“IQVIA”),
a provider of market research to the pharmaceutical industry, unless otherwise stated.

Our financial statements
are presented in Indian rupees and translated into U.S. dollars for the convenience of the reader. Except as otherwise stated in
this report, all convenience translations from Indian rupees to U.S. dollars are at the certified foreign exchange rate of U.S.$1
= Rs.75.39, as published by Federal Reserve Board of Governors on March 31, 2020. No representation is made that the
Indian rupee amounts have been, could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at such a rate or any other rate. Any discrepancies
in any table between totals and sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding.

Our main corporate
website address is
https://www.drreddys.com
. Information contained in our website,
www.drreddys.com
, is not part
of this Annual Report and no portion of such information is incorporated herein.

Forward-Looking
Statements

In addition to historical
information, this annual report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of
s
ection
27
a
 of the
s
ecurities
a
ct
of 1933, as amended and
s
ection 21
e

of the
s
ecurities
e
xchange
a
ct
of 1934, as amended (the “
e
xchange
a
ct”).
In addition to statements which are forward-looking by reason of context, the words “may”, “will”, “should”,
“expects”, “plans”, “intends”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”,
“predicts”, “potential”, or “continue” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements contained herein are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include,
but are not limited to:

•   in our generics medicines business: consolidation of our customer base and commercial alliances
among our customers; the increase in the number of competitors targeting generic opportunities and seeking U.S. market exclusivity
for generic versions of significant products; price erosion relating to our generic products, both from competing products and
increased regulation; delays in launches of new generic products; efforts of pharmaceutical companies to limit the use of generics
including through legislation and regulations; the difficulty and expense of obtaining licenses to proprietary technologies; returns,
allowances and chargebacks; and investigations of the calculation of wholesale prices;

•   in our specialty medicines business: competition for our specialty products; our ability to achieve
expected results from investments in our product pipeline; competition from companies with greater resources and capabilities;
and the effectiveness of our patents and other measures to protect our intellectual property rights;

•   our business and operations in general, including: our ability to develop and commercialize additional
pharmaceutical products; manufacturing or quality control problems, which may damage our reputation for quality production and
require costly remediation; interruptions in our supply chain; disruptions of our or third party information technology systems
or breaches of our data security; the failure to recruit or retain key personnel; challenges associated with conducting business
globally, including adverse effects of political or economic instability, major hostilities or terrorism; significant sales to
a limited number of customers in our U.S. market; our ability to successfully bid for suitable acquisition targets or licensing
opportunities, or to consummate and integrate acquisitions;

2

•   compliance, regulatory and litigation matters, including: costs and delays resulting from the extensive
governmental regulation to which we are subject; the effects of reforms in healthcare regulation and reductions in pharmaceutical
pricing, reimbursement and coverage; governmental investigations into selling and marketing practices; potential liability for
patent infringement; product liability claims; increased government scrutiny of our patent settlement agreements; failure to comply
with complex Medicare and Medicaid reporting and payment obligations; and environmental risks;

•   other financial and economic risks, including: our exposure to currency fluctuations and restrictions
as well as credit risks; potential impairments of our intangible assets; potential significant increases in tax liabilities; and
the effect on our overall effective tax rate of the termination or expiration of governmental programs or tax benefits, or of a
change in our business;

•   our business and operations in general, including uncertainty regarding the magnitude, duration,
and geographic reach of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business, financial condition, operations, cash flows, and
liquidity and on the economy in general; manufacturing or quality control protocols; interruptions in our supply chain, including
due to potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and business in geographic locations impacted by the pandemic
and on the business operations of our customers and suppliers; our ability to successfully execute and maintain the activities
and efforts related to the measures we have taken or may take in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and associated costs therewith;
challenges associated with conducting business globally, including adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; costs resulting from
the extensive governmental regulation to which we are subject or delays in governmental processing time due to modified government
operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including effects on product and patent approvals due to the COVID-19 pandemic; disruptions
of information technology systems; and our ability to successfully compete in the marketplace; and

•   those discussed in the sections entitled “risk factors” and “operating and financial
review and prospects” and elsewhere in this report.

Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management’s analysis and assumptions only
as of the date hereof. In addition, readers should carefully review the other information in this annual report and in our periodic
reports and other documents filed with and/or furnished to the
sec
 from time to
time.

3

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I   6
ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS   6
ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE   6
ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION   6
ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY   30
4.A. History and development of the company   30
4.B. Business overview   32
4.C. Organizational structure   60
4.D. Property, plant and equipment   61
ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   62
ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS   63
5.B. Liquidity and capital resources   75
5.C. Research and development, patents and licenses, etc.   78
5.D. Trend Information   78
5.E. Off-balance sheet arrangements   78
5.F. Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations   79
5.G. Safe harbor   79
ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES   79
6. A. Directors and senior management   79
6.B. Compensation   85
6.C. Board practices   87
6.D. Employees   91
6.E. Share ownership   91
ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   93
7.A. Major shareholders   93
7.B. Related party transactions   94
7.C. Interests of experts and counsel   94
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   95
8.A. Consolidated statements and other financial information   95
8.B. Significant changes   95
ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING   96
9.A. Offer and listing details   96
9.B. Plan of distribution   96
9.C. Markets   96
9.D. Selling shareholders   96
9.E. Dilution   96
9.F. Expenses of the issue   96
ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION   96
10.A. Share capital   96
10.B. Memorandum and articles of association   96

4

10.C. Material contracts   97
10.D. Exchange controls   97
10.E. Taxation   103
10.F. Dividends and paying agents   110
10.G. Statements by experts   110
10.H. Documents on display   110
10.I. Subsidiary information   110
ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   111
ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES   113
PART II   115
ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES   115
ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS   115
ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   116
ITEM 16. [RESERVED]   118
ITEM 16.A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT   118
ITEM 16.B. CODE OF ETHICS   118
ITEM 16.C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   118
ITEM 16.D. EXEMPTION FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES   118
ITEM 16.E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS   119
ITEM 16.F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT   119
ITEM 16.G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   120
ITEM 16.H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE   121
PART III   122
ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   122
ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   122
ITEM 19. EXHIBITS   217
SIGNATURES   218

5

PART I

ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR
MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS

Not applicable.

ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED
TIMETABLE

Not applicable.

ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION

3.A.
Selected financial data

You should read the
selected consolidated financial data below in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, as
well as the section titled “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects,” which are included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 20-F. The selected consolidated financial data presented below has been derived from our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in conformity with IFRS as issued by the IASB. The selected consolidated financial data presented
below as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 and for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 are included in Item 18 of this annual
report on Form 20-F.

The consolidated financial
statements as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 and for the years then ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 have been audited by Ernst &
Young Associates LLP (“EY”), Hyderabad, India, our independent registered public accounting firm. The consolidated
financial statements as of March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 and for the years then ended March 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016 were audited
by KPMG, Hyderabad, India (“KPMG”), our former independent registered public accounting firm.

The selected consolidated
financial data below has been presented for the five most recent fiscal years. Historical results are not necessarily indicative
of future results.

Income Statement Data

For the year ended March 31,
2020   2020   2019   2018   2017   2016
(Rs. in millions, U.S.$ in millions, both except share and per share data)
Convenience translation into U.S.$
Revenues   U.S.$   2,316   Rs.   174,600   Rs.   153,851   Rs.   142,028   Rs.   140,809   Rs.   154,708
Cost of revenues   1,069   80,591   70,421   65,724   62,118   62,427
Gross profit   1,247   94,009   83,430   76,304   78,691   92,281
Selling, general and administrative expenses   665   50,129   48,680   46,857   46,300   45,485
Research and development expenses   204   15,410   15,607   18,265   19,513   17,734
Impairment of non-current assets   222   16,767   210   53   445   317
Other income, net   (57   )   (4,290   )   (1,955   )   (788   )   (1,065   )   (874   )
Results from operating activities   212   15,993   20,888   11,917   13,498   29,619
Finance (expense)/income, net   20   1,478   1,117   2,080   806   (2,708   )
Share of profit of equity accounted investees, net of tax   7   561   438   344   349   229
Profit before tax   239   18,032   22,443   14,341   14,653   27,140
Tax (expense)/benefit, net   19   1,466   (3,648   )   (4,535   )   (2,614   )   (7,127   )
Profit for the year   259   19,498   18,795   Rs.9,806   12,039   20,013
Earnings per share
Basic   U.S.$   1.56   Rs.   117.63   Rs.   113.28   Rs.   59.13   Rs.   72.24   Rs.   117.34
Diluted   U.S.$   1.56   Rs.   117.40   Rs.   113.09   Rs.   59.00   Rs.   72.09   Rs.   116.98
Cash dividend per equity share*   U.S.$   0.27   Rs.   20   Rs.   20   Rs.   20   Rs.   20   Rs.   20

* Excludes corporate dividend tax.

6

Statement of Financial Position Data

As of March 31,
2020   2020   2019   2018   2017   2016
(Rs. in millions, U.S.$ in millions, except share data)
Convenience translation into U.S.$
Cash and cash equivalents   U.S.$   27   Rs.   2,053   Rs.   2,228   Rs.   2,638   Rs.   3,866   Rs.   4,921
Other investments (current and non-current)   318   24,015   23,342   20,879   19,507   37,022
Total assets   3,081   232,241   225,427   225,604   219,821   207,650
Total long-term borrowings   74   5,570   26,256   25,152   5,559   10,795
Total net assets and equity   U.S.$   2,056   Rs.   154,988   Rs.   140,197   Rs.   126,460   Rs.   124,044   Rs.   128,336
Number of shares outstanding   166,172,082   166,065,948   165,910,907   165,741,713   170,607,653

Convenience translation

For the convenience
of the reader, our consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2020 have been translated into U.S. dollars at the certified
foreign exchange rate of U.S.$1 = Rs.75.39, as published by the Federal Reserve Board of Governors on March 31, 2020. No representation
is made that the Indian rupee amounts have been, could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at such a rate or any
other rate.

3.B.
Capitalization and indebtedness

Not applicable.

3.C.
Reasons for the offer and use
of proceeds

Not applicable.

3.D.
Risk factors

You should carefully
consider all of the information set forth in this Form 20-F and the following risk factors that we face and that are faced by our
industry. The risks below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial
may also affect our business operations. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially or adversely
affected by any of these risks. This Form 20-F also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our
results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including
the risks we face as described below and elsewhere. See “Forward-Looking Statements.”

7

RISKS RELATED
TO PANDEMICS

A
pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, and the resulting restrictive measures and economic
impacts may materially and adversely impact our business and results of our operations.

In recent months,
a new strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) has spread to many countries in the world and the outbreak has been declared a pandemic
by the World Health Organization. Considerable uncertainty still surrounds the COVID-19 virus and its potential effects, and the
extent of and effectiveness of responses taken on international, national and local levels. Measures taken to limit the impact
of COVID-19, including shelter-in-place orders, social distancing measures, travel bans and restrictions, and business and government
shutdowns, have already resulted in significant negative economic impacts on a global basis.

As the coronavirus pandemic
continues to rapidly evolve, we cannot at this time accurately predict the effects of these conditions on our operations. Uncertainties
remain as to the ultimate geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, and the length
and scope of the travel restrictions, business closures and other restrictions imposed by the governments of impacted countries.
The continued outbreak of COVID-19 may lead to the implementation of further responses, including additional travel restrictions,
government-imposed quarantines or stay-at-home orders, and other public health safety measures. The COVID-19 continuing outbreak,
or a similar health pandemic, epidemic or infectious disease outbreak, may have several adverse effects on our business, results
of operations and financial condition.

The following are
the key actual or potential impacts on our operations that could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and
results of operation:

Manufacturing,
sourcing of material, logistics, sales and marketing

·   While all of our plants and offices continue to operate within the given constraints and directions
provided by governments and their agencies, any infection, disease spread or contamination within our operating network can potentially
result in temporary closure of impacted plants or operations.

·   Although new digital capabilities for sales are being implemented, reduced interaction with health
care professionals can lead to slower market penetration for recently launched products or penetration into newer geographies and
certain markets.

·   Increased demand for certain classes of drugs, such as respiratory and immunity medicines, has
required production escalations that can potentially result in overstocking, change the supply dynamics and disrupt forecasting.

·   The COVID-19 outbreak could also disrupt our supply chain, resulting in the inability of our suppliers
to deliver components or raw materials on a timely basis and exposing us to the risk of temporary disruptions in manufacturing.
Although we increased spending on logistics as we explored alternate routes during recent months, any disruption of freight delivery
and fulfilment operations, port closures or similar obstacles resulting from a continued COVID-19 outbreak could interfere with
our ability to obtain the raw materials and intermediates necessary to support our manufacturing operations or those of our contract
manufacturers, or our ability to deliver materials or finished products to our customers.

Health and safety initiatives:

We are taking various
protective measures to ensure the health and safety of our employees, such as by following physical distancing norms, sanitization
and using protective gear. Various initiatives have been undertaken to ensure that our manufacturing related operations continue
unabated, enabling us to serve our patients. We are also using digital channels to enable work from home and for other business
purposes, such as reaching out to our business partners.

8

Clinical trials:

We have taken necessary
steps to comply with the evolving guidance from various regulatory authorities to manage clinical trials during COVID-19 pandemic.
We have been working closely with the clinical trial investigators to protect the safety and wellbeing of clinical trial participants.
There is no material impact to our clinical trials, however patient recruitment could face delays, if pandemic continues for an
extended period of time.

Other considerations:

Despite the foregoing
and certain other measures that we continue to undertake in order to transact business, it is difficult to forecast the broad economic
downturn and unemployment rate increase that could be associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, which may itself materially affect
our business. While it is not possible to predict the economic impact and the magnitude of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, a prolonged
economic slowdown in any of our key markets could reduce our sales and impact our business operations.

Our business is also
affected by decisions and actions of our customers, and there are a number of factors relating to our customers that are outside
of our control. Financial difficulties for a customer including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy
could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and a resulting prolonged
economic downturn heighten the risk that certain of our customers find it difficult to maintain liquidity and may reduce their
expenditure which could in turn affect our growth and profitability.

The global pandemic
of COVID-19 continues to rapidly evolve, and its ultimate impact is highly uncertain and subject to change. We do not know the
full extent of potential delays or impacts on our business or the global economy as a whole. These effects, or a similar health
pandemic, epidemic or infectious disease outbreak along with any escalation in geo-political conflicts and related political interventions,
could have a material impact on our operations, results of operations and financial condition. We will continue to monitor the
COVID-19 situation closely.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY AND OUR
BUSINESS

If we fail to comply fully with government
regulations or to maintain continuing regulatory oversight applicable to our research and development activities or regarding the
manufacture of our products, or if a regulatory agency amends or withdraws existing approvals to market our products, it may delay
or prevent us from developing or manufacturing our products.

Our research and development
activities are heavily regulated. If we fail to comply fully with applicable regulations, then there could be a delay in the submission
or approval of potential new products for marketing approval. In addition, the submission of an application to a regulatory authority
does not guarantee that approvals required to market the product will be granted. Each authority may impose its own requirements
and/or delay or refuse to grant approval, even when a product has already been approved in another country. In many of the international
markets into which we sell our products, the approval process for a new product is complex, lengthy and expensive. The time taken
to obtain approval varies by country but generally takes from six months to several years from the date of application. This approval
process increases the cost to us of developing new products and increases the risk that we will not be able to successfully sell
such new products.

Regulatory agencies
may at any time reassess the safety and efficacy of our products based on new scientific knowledge or other factors. Such reassessments
could result in the amendment or withdrawal of existing approvals to market our products, which in turn could result in a loss
of revenue and could serve as an inducement to bring lawsuits against us. In our biosimilar business, due to the intrinsic nature
of biologics, our bio-similarity claims can always be contested by our competitors, the innovator company and/or the applicable
regulators.

Delays in the receipt
of, or failure to obtain approvals for, future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product
revenues, reduction in revenues and substantial additional costs. For example, in the years ended March 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019,
we experienced delays in obtaining approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“U.S. FDA”) for various generic
and specialty products as anticipated, principally as a result of the warning letter referenced below.

Additionally, governmental
authorities, including among others the U.S. FDA, the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (“MHRA”),
heavily regulate the manufacturing of our products, including manufacturing quality standards. Periodic audits are conducted on
our manufacturing sites, and if the regulatory and quality standards and systems are not found adequate, it could result in an
audit observation (on Form 483, if from the U.S. FDA), or a subsequent investigative letter which may require further corrective
actions. In recent years, a number of Indian generic pharmaceutical companies were issued import alerts and warning letters by
the U.S. FDA. A significant proportion of our manufacturing base of active pharmaceutical ingredients and formulations plants servicing
the United States and other markets of our Global Generics business is based out of India. There has been an increasing trend by
the U.S. FDA and governmental regulators in other countries towards Indian manufacturing site audits.

9

While our quality
practices and quality management systems are conducted in a manner designed to satisfy these types of audits, we cannot guarantee
that our efforts will prevent adverse outcomes such as audit observations, corrective action requests, warning letters or import
bans.

For example, in November
2015, we received a warning letter from the U.S. FDA relating to cGMP deviations at three of our manufacturing facilities - two
API manufacturing facilities and one injectable oncology formulations manufacturing facility in India. Currently none of our sites
are under warning letter. Refer to Note 34 of our consolidated financial statements under “Update on the warning letter from
the U.S. FDA” for further details.

More generally, unless
and until an issue raised in a warning letter from a regulatory agency is resolved to the agency’s satisfaction, they may
withhold approvals of our new products and new drug applications, refuse admission of products manufactured at the facilities noted
in the warning letter into the United States, and/or take additional regulatory or legal action against us. The delay in approvals
due to moving to an alternate site or alternate vendor, or the cost incurred in connection with remedial actions, can have significant
adverse impacts on our ongoing business, financial results and routine operations.

In recent years, there
has been increasing regulatory scrutiny of pharmaceutical manufacturers, resulting in product recalls, plant shutdowns and other
required remedial actions. We have been subject to increasing scrutiny of our manufacturing operations, and in the event that any
of our facilities is subjected to significant regulatory actions, it will require substantial expenditures of resources to ensure
compliance with more stringently applied production and quality control regulations. If any regulatory body were to require one
or more of our significant manufacturing facilities to cease or limit production, our business could be adversely affected. In
addition, because regulatory approval to manufacture a drug is site-specific, the delay and cost of remedial actions, or of obtaining
approval to manufacture at a different facility also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and
results of operations.

Furthermore, we deal
with numerous third party manufacturers and despite our oversight, any lapse in their quality practices and quality management
systems could lead to similar adverse outcomes in the event of an audit.

If we or our third
party suppliers fail to comply fully with applicable regulations or to take corrective actions that are mandated, then there could
be an enforced shutdown of our production facilities or an import ban, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay
or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers, or we could be subjected to government fines and penalties from customers.

Further, while physicians
may prescribe products for uses that are not described in the product labeling and that differ from those approved by the U.S.
FDA or other similar regulatory authorities (an "off label" use), we are permitted to market our products only for the
indications for which they have been approved. The U.S. FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce regulations prohibiting
promotion of off-label uses, and significant liability can be imposed on manufacturers found to be engaged in off-label marketing
violations, including fines in the tens or hundreds of millions of dollars, as well as criminal sanctions. If some of our products
are prescribed off label, regulatory authorities such as the U.S. FDA could take enforcement actions if they conclude that we or
our distributors have engaged in off label marketing.

An increasing portion
of our portfolio are “biologic” products. Unlike traditional “small-molecule” drugs, biologic drugs cannot
be manufactured synthetically, but typically must be produced from living animal cells or micro-organisms. As a result, the production
of biologic drugs that meet all quality and regulatory requirements is especially complex and is more susceptible to batch failures.

Typically, biological
therapeutics face third party intellectual property rights, otherwise known as freedom to operate (“FTO”) issues, more
than small molecule therapeutics because of the types of patents allowed by national patent offices. Further, our ability to successfully
challenge third party patent rights is dependent on the laws of the applicable countries.

The regulatory requirements
are still evolving in many markets where we sell or manufacture products, including our biosimilar products, and regulatory requirements
may be unclear due to lack of precedents, among other reasons, which may lead to delays in product approvals or other sanctions.
In the United States, the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (“BPCIA”) created a statutory pathway
and abbreviated approval processes for the approval of biosimilar versions of branded biological products. While the U.S. FDA
has issued guidelines, the regulatory policies in this area are still evolving. Further, while a number of legal challenges concerning
the requirements of the abbreviated biosimilar pathway, patent exchange and other provisions of BPCIA have been adjudicated in
U.S. courts, legal challenges concerning FTO, patent exchange and trade matters, among others, continue.

In recent years China
has introduced numerous reforms and proposals that attempt to address requirements for drug development and registration, including
greater adoption of international technical guidelines and practices by the government. However, its unique regulatory requirements
continue to pose challenges for multinational companies.

10

If we improperly handle any of the dangerous
materials used in our business and accidents result, we could face significant liabilities that would lower our profits.

We handle dangerous
materials including explosive, toxic and combustible materials. If improperly handled or subjected to the wrong conditions, these
materials could hurt our employees, cause damage to our properties and harm the environment. Also, increases in business and operations
in our plants, from new products or increased demand for existing products, can pose increased safety hazards. Such hazards need
to be addressed through training, industrial hygiene assessments and other safety measures and, if not carried out, can lead to
industrial accidents.

Any of the foregoing
could subject us to significant litigation or adversely impact our other litigation matters then outstanding, which could lower
our profits in the event we were found liable, and could also adversely impact our reputation.

In a worst case scenario,
this could also result in a government forced shutdown of our manufacturing plants, which in turn could lead to product shortages
that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers and would adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations
from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices
may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks.

Companies are facing
increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance
(“ESG”) practices. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused
on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, supply chain management, diversity and human
rights.

We are subject to
various laws and regulations concerning, among other things, the environment, climate change, regulation of chemicals, employee
safety and product safety. These requirements include regulation of the handling, manufacture, transportation, storage, use and
disposal of materials, including the discharge of regulated materials and pollutants into the environment.

In the normal course
of our business, our operations are also exposed to risks relating to (i) increased severity of extreme weather events, such as
cyclones and floods; (ii) regulatory changes which can require us to transition to newer forms of energy sources like renewable
energy; and (iii) increased water scarcity and water stress, apart from water contamination. Failure to adapt to or comply with
regulatory requirements, or investor or stakeholder ESG expectations and standards, could negatively impact our reputation or harm
our business.

Our success depends on our ability to
successfully develop and commercialize new pharmaceutical products.

Our future results
of operations depend, to a significant degree, upon our ability to successfully develop and commercialize additional products in
our Global Generics and Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients segments.

Our research and development
efforts are also dependent on collaborating with third party partners and contract research organizations which have the capability
to handle complex technologies and products. Lack of effective project management at our end, or any failure to manage collaboration
arrangements among multiple partners, may pose significant risks to product development, to our ability to obtain requisite regulatory
approvals in a timely manner, and to our ability to successfully and profitably produce and market such products.

Additionally, if we
fail to adequately protect critical proprietary or confidential information or associated intellectual property rights or fail
to manage third party partners and contract research organizations that our business depends on, it might have a material adverse
impact on our product development execution.

From time to time
we also acquire in-process research and development assets, which require significant resources and expenses to continue to develop,
both through our own efforts and through collaborations. Because of the inherent risk associated with research and development
efforts in our industry, including the high cost and uncertainty of conducting clinical trials (where required), such efforts may
not result in the successful introduction of new pharmaceutical products approved by the relevant regulatory bodies.

Refer to Note 13 of
our consolidated financial statements for details of impairment of intangible assets. Our results of operations may suffer if these
products are not timely developed, approved or successfully commercialized.

We must develop, test
and manufacture generic products as well as prove that our generic products are bio-equivalent or biosimilar to their branded counterparts,
either directly or in partnership with contract research organizations. The development and commercialization process, particularly
with respect to complex molecules and biosimilars, is both time consuming and costly and involves a high degree of business risk.

11

Our products currently
under development, if and when fully developed and tested, may not perform as we expect or meet our standards of safety and efficacy.
Necessary regulatory approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, if at all, and we may not be able to successfully and profitably
produce and market such products. Our approved products may not achieve expected levels of market acceptance.

If we are unable to obtain robust patents
or otherwise protect our intellectual property rights or proprietary information, or if we infringe on the intellectual property
rights of others, our business may be materially and adversely impacted.

Our overall profitability
depends, among other things, on our ability to continuously and timely introduce new generic as well as proprietary products. Our
success in doing so depends, in large part, on two important factors:

·   Our ability to obtain patents and to protect trade secrets and other intellectual property rights
for our novel products. For our Proprietary Products business in particular, obtaining robust patents and the resultant market
exclusivity is key. Our failure to adequately protect our intellectual property would allow competitors to market products similar
to ours or impact our market leadership for our products. Such situations may materially and adversely impact our business.

·   In addition, we need to ensure that our novel products do not infringe on the proprietary rights
of others. Our competitors may have filed patent applications, or hold issued patents, relating to products or processes that compete
with those we are developing, or their patents may impair our ability to successfully develop and commercialize new products. Our
business may be materially and adversely impacted if we fail to identify such competing patents early on and are not able to develop
a non-infringing strategy for such patents.

We have been successful
in obtaining multiple patents claiming our innovative products and processes. Recently, we have filed several patent applications
seeking to protect our newly developed technologies and products in various countries, including the United States, and we plan
to continue making such filings. Any existing or future patents issued to or licensed by us may not provide us with any competitive
advantages for our products or may even be challenged by competitors. In addition, sometimes such patent rights may not prevent
our competitors from developing, using or commercializing products that are similar or functionally equivalent to our products.

We also rely on trade
secrets, unpatented proprietary know-how and continuing technological innovation that we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality
agreements with licensees, suppliers, employees and consultants. It is possible that these agreements may be breached and we may
not have adequate remedies for any such breach. Disputes may arise concerning the ownership of intellectual property or the applicability
of the confidentiality or other relevant clauses of these agreements. Furthermore, our trade secrets and proprietary technology
may otherwise become known to or be independently developed by our competitors. Therefore, despite all of our information security
systems and practices, we may still not be able to ensure the confidentiality of information relating to such products, which may
materially and adversely impact our business.

Research and development efforts invested
in our complex generics, differentiated formulations and biologics products may not achieve expected results.

Our business model
focuses on building a pipeline in various therapies targeted at both emerging markets and more regulated markets. We must invest
increasingly significant resources to develop complex generics, differentiated products and biosimilars, both through our own efforts
and through collaborations, in-licensing and acquisition of products from or with third parties. In our Proprietary Products segment,
our business model focuses on building a pipeline in the therapeutic areas of neurology and dermatology. In our biologic segment,
our business model focuses on building a pipeline in various therapies targeted at both emerging markets and highly regulated markets.
The development of complex generics, differentiated products and biosimilars involves processes and expertise significantly more
complex, which increases the risks of failure. During each stage, we may encounter obstacles that delay the development process
and increase expenses, leading to significant risks that we will not achieve our goals and may be forced to abandon a potential
product in which we have invested substantial amounts of time and money.

These obstacles may
include: preclinical failures; difficulty enrolling patients in clinical trials; delays in completing formulation and other work
needed to support an application for registration; adverse reactions or other safety concerns arising during clinical testing;
insufficient clinical trial data to support the safety or efficacy of the product candidate; and failure to obtain, or delays in
obtaining, the required regulatory approvals for the product candidate or the facilities in which it is manufactured.

Because of the amount
of capital required to be invested in augmenting our differentiated products and biosimilar pipeline, in some cases we are reliant
on partnerships and joint ventures with third parties, and consequently face the risk that some of these third parties may fail
to perform their obligations, or fail to reach the levels of success that we are relying on to meet our revenue and profit goals.

12

Our Proprietary Products segment, particularly
our Specialty businesses in the United States, faces intense competition from companies that are more entrenched than we are or
have greater resources than ours.

Our risk profile for
our Proprietary Products segment is lower than the comparable risk profile of companies working with completely novel entities.
Nevertheless, the risk that the businesses in this segment face is higher than that of the generics business due to several factors
outlined below.

Success in our Proprietary
Products segment requires the ability to strategically differentiate our offerings from those of our competitors.

Even if we are able
to successfully develop a differentiated version, the desired potential can only be unlocked if we partner with a wholesaler who
is able to get favorable unrestricted reimbursement from payors (i.e. the managed care plan). Typically, a managed care plan relies
on a committee comprised of physicians and other decision makers and influencers to decide which drugs will appear on its formulary.
The randomized clinical trial data generated to obtain U.S. FDA approval will no longer be sufficient to gain a favorable access
decision. Typically, all managed care plans attempt to aggressively direct their patients towards generic medicines due to their
lack of belief in differentiation or overall cost improvement. Thus it is imperative for the specific product profile to satisfy
the committee that there is sufficient evidence that the impact of the differentiation and/or incremental innovation of our products
is significantly higher, in order to persuade them to list it on their respective formularies. Without these specific products
attaining a reasonable position on the formulary of managed care plans, patients will not be able to obtain access to our products
and physicians become less likely to prescribe our products.

Additionally, because
the Specialty business of our Proprietary Products segment works primarily with known active molecules, there remains a risk that
these products are easier to engineer around than products possessing composition of matter patents. Although we strive to create
a robust intellectual property “ring fence” to protect these assets, the products in our U.S. Specialty business portfolio
may nonetheless enjoy fewer years of exclusivity than traditional innovative products. This may cause a decline in the commercial
value potential of the portfolio.

Reforms in the health care industry
and the uncertainty associated with pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement and related matters could adversely affect the marketing,
pricing and demand for our products.

Our businesses are
operating in an ever more challenging environment, with significant pressures on the pricing of our products and on our ability
to obtain and maintain satisfactory rates of reimbursement for our products by governments, insurers and other payors.

For example, in the
United States, Congress continues to consider drug pricing legislation that, if passed and signed into law, could impact companies’
ability to increase prices for prescription drugs, even in case of increase in our input costs, to maintain our margins. The current
U.S. administration has also focused on lowering drug prices through, for instance, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
and U.S. FDA’s Safe Importation Action Plan announced in July 2019. Following this framework, the U.S. FDA proposed a draft
rule in December 2019 that would allow importation of certain lower-cost prescription drugs from Canada. If the rule is finalized
as proposed, states or certain other non-federal governmental entities would be able to submit importation program proposals to
the U.S. FDA for review and authorization of two-year programs (with the opportunity to extend for two more years). The public
comment period on the proposed rule ended on March 9, 2020, and the U.S. FDA is in the process reviewing and finalizing its proposal.
If the proposed rule is adopted, it likely will be some time before states or other parties can actually submit and implement importation
plans in compliance with the rule. Certain states have also proposed measures that are designed to control the costs of pharmaceuticals
for which they provide reimbursement.

The growth of overall
healthcare costs as a percentage of gross domestic product in many countries means that governments and payors are under intense
pressure to control healthcare spending even more tightly than in the past.

These pressures are
particularly strong given the persistently weak economic and financial environment in many countries and the increasing demand
for healthcare resulting from the aging of the global population and associated increases in non-communicable diseases. These pressures
are further compounded by consolidation among distributors, retailers, private insurers, managed care organizations and other private
payors, which can increase their negotiating power. In addition, these pressures are augmented by intense publicity regarding the
pricing of pharmaceuticals by our competitors, as well as government investigations and legal proceedings regarding pharmaceutical
pricing practices. In many countries in which we currently operate, pharmaceutical prices are increasingly subject to regulation.

Our products continue
to be subject to increasing price and reimbursement pressure that can limit the revenues we earn from our products in many countries
due to, among other things:

·   the existence of government-imposed price controls, tender systems, mandatory discounts and rebates,
and pricing transparency mandates;

·   more governments using international reference pricing to set the price of drugs based on international
comparisons.

13

·   increased difficulty in obtaining and maintaining satisfactory drug reimbursement rates;

·   increase in cost containment policies related to health expenses in the context of economic slowdown;

·   more demanding evaluation criteria applied by Health Technology Assessment (“HTA”)
agencies when considering whether to cover new drugs at a certain price level; and

We expect these efforts
to continue as healthcare payors around the globe, in particular government-controlled health authorities, insurance companies
and managed care organizations, step up initiatives to reduce the overall cost of healthcare.

In
addition, there has been legislation and legislative proposals concerning drug prices and related issues, including the perceived
need to bring more transparency to drug pricing, reviewing the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs,
and reforming government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs.

The use of
tender systems and other forms of price control could reduce prices for our products or reduce our market opportunities.

A number of markets
in which we operate have implemented or may implement tender systems in an effort to lower prices. Under such tender systems, manufacturers
submit bids which establish prices for generic pharmaceutical products. Upon winning the tender, the winning company will receive
a preferential reimbursement for a period of time. The tender system often results in companies underbidding one another by proposing
low pricing in order to win the tender.

For example, this
has resulted in more than 90% of generic products currently sold in German retail
“
pharmacies”
being supplied through contracts procured in competitive bidding tenders, thereby causing significant pressure on product margins.

Certain other countries
may consider the implementation of a tender system or other forms of price controls. Even if a tender system is ultimately not
implemented, the anticipation of such a system could result in price reductions. Failing to win tenders, or the implementation
of similar systems or other forms of price controls in other markets leading to further price declines, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and/or share price.

Significant disruptions of information
technology systems, breaches of data security or other cyber-attacks could adversely affect our business.

Our business is dependent
upon increasingly complex and interdependent information technology systems, including internet and cloud based systems, to support
our business processes as well as internal and external communications. In addition, our businesses and operating models increasingly
depend on outsourcing and collaboration, which requires exchanging data and information. The size and complexity and interconnectivity
of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion, computer viruses and other cyber-attacks.

Like many companies,
we may experience certain of these events given that the external cyber-attack threat continues to grow and although we and our
third party service providers have invested in measures to reduce these risks, we cannot be assured that these measures will be
successful in preventing the compromise and/or disruption of our information technology systems and related data. Any such compromise
or disruption may result in the loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of key information and/or disruption of production and business
processes, such as the conduct of scientific research and clinical trials, the submission of the results of such efforts to regulatory
authorities in support of requests for product approvals, the functioning of our manufacturing and supply chain processes, our
compliance with legal obligations and other key business activities, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business.
We maintain cybersecurity insurance to further mitigate these risks, but there can be no assurance that a policy exclusion will
not apply, or that our insurance coverage limits will be sufficient to protect us against the financial, legal, business or reputational
losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems, or that any such insurance proceeds will be paid to us in
a timely manner.

In addition, our systems
are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized
persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the
public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers
and others. Such breaches of security could result in reputational damage and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, increasing use of information technology (“IT”)
systems in manufacturing processes would require us to manage issues arising out of human error and/or sabotage.

In our pursuit of
operational excellence, several change management initiatives across our organization are ongoing, including but not limited to
information technology automation in the areas of manufacturing, research and development, supply chain and shared services. We
have outsourced our IT hardware and applications in order to improve IT capability and performance. Any failure by such outsourced
service providers to deliver timely and quality services and to co-operate with one another could create disruption, which could
materially adversely affect our business or results of operations. Further, any failure by us to effectively manage such change
initiatives or implement adequate controls in automation, security or availability of information technology systems could have
a material adverse effects on our business.

14

Increased outsourcing
or use of cloud services for conducting our business requires highly secure controls to ensure adequate security of information,
considering potential for sabotage as well as availability. Data integrity, confidentiality and data privacy requirements are increasingly
concerning regulators, and are incorporated into legal contracts. While we have invested heavily in the protection of data and
information technology to reduce these risks, there can be no assurance that our efforts or those of our third-party service providers
would be sufficient to protect against data deterioration or loss in the event of a system malfunction, or prevent data from being
stolen or corrupted in the event of a security breach.

While many of our
personnel are working remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the risk of cyber incidents may be increased and our dependence on
network availability is increased. If our information systems are unsuccessfully implemented, fail, suffer errors or interruptions,
or become unavailable, that might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results
of operations.

Increasing use of social media could
give rise to liability or breaches of data security.

We and our business
associates are increasingly relying on social media and mobile tools as a means of communications. To the extent that we seek as
a company to use these tools as a means to communicate about our products or about the diseases our products are intended to treat,
there are significant uncertainties as to either the rules that apply to such communications, or as to the interpretations that
health authorities will apply to the rules that exist. As a result, despite our efforts to comply with applicable rules, there
is a significant risk that our use of social media and mobile tools for such purposes may cause us to nonetheless be found in violation
of them. In addition, because of the universal availability of social media tools, our associates or third parties may make use
of them in ways that may not be sanctioned by us, and that may give rise to liability, or that could lead to the loss of trade
secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal
information) of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers and others. Such uses of social media could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Social media posts could also contain information purported
to be disclosed by us that is false or otherwise damaging, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and the
price of our equity shares and ADSs.

We are subject to data privacy and security
laws and regulations in many different jurisdictions and countries where we do business, and our or our partners’ failure
to comply could result in fines, penalties, reputational damage, and could impact the way we operate our business.

We are subject to
laws and regulations governing the collection, use and transmission of health information, including personal data. As the legislative
and regulatory landscape for data privacy and protection continues to evolve around the world, there has been an increasing focus
on privacy and data protection issues that may affect our business. For example, the European Union’s General Data Protection
Regulation (“GDPR”) that became fully effective in May 2018, requires Companies to satisfy new requirements regarding
the handling of personal and sensitive data and includes significant new penalties for non-compliance, with fines up to EUR 20
million or 4% of global turnover of the preceding fiscal year, whichever is higher.

Additionally, the
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) became effective on January 1, 2020, creating new individual privacy rights
for
California
 consumers and placing increased privacy and security
obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The
CCPA

requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, provides such consumers new ways to opt-out of certain
sales of personal information, and allows for a new cause of action for data breaches.

Other countries in
which we do business have, or are developing, laws governing the collection, use and transmission of personal information as well
that may affect our business or require us to adapt our technologies or practices. Some countries, including India, are considering
legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar requirements.

The European Data
Protection Board (“EDPB”) has asserted that data protection laws do not cause any hindrance to the measures taken in
the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, noting that the GDPR authorizes employers and health authorities to process personal
data without consent in the context of epidemics.

Legal requirements
relating to the collection, storage, handling, and transfer of personal information and personal data continue to evolve and may
result in ever-increasing public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement, sanctions and increased costs of compliance.

These data protection
laws and similar initiatives could increase the cost of developing, implementing or maintaining our information technology systems
and require us to allocate more resources to compliance initiatives thereby increasing our costs. In addition, a failure by us,
or our third-party vendors, to comply with applicable data privacy and security laws could result in financial, legal, business,
and reputational harm to us and could have a material adverse effect on the way we operate our business, our financial condition
and results of operations.

15

We may be susceptible to significant
product liability claims that are not covered by insurance.

Our business inherently
exposes us to potential product liability claims, and the severity and timing of such claims are unpredictable. Notwithstanding
pre-clinical and clinical trials conducted during the development of potential products to determine the safety and efficacy of
products for use by humans following approval by regulatory authorities, unanticipated side effects may become evident only when
drugs are introduced into the marketplace. Due to this fact, our customers and participants in clinical trials may bring lawsuits
against us for alleged product defects. In other instances, third parties may perform analyses of published clinical trial results
which raise questions regarding the safety of pharmaceutical products, and which may be publicized by the media. Even if such reports
are inaccurate or misleading, in whole or in part, they may nonetheless result in claims against us for alleged product defects.

Under the current
regulatory scheme in the United States, branded drug manufacturers can independently update product labeling through the “changes
being effected” (“CBE”) supplement process, but a generic manufacturer is only permitted to use the CBE process
to update its label if the branded drug manufacturer changes its label first. This can prevent generic manufacturers from complying
with state law warning requirements and, as a result, state product liability suits based on failure-to-warn and design defect
claims against generics manufacturers have generally been determined to be preempted by Federal law.

However, emerging
developments in various countries laws relating to the liability of generic pharmaceutical manufacturers for certain product liability
claims could increase our exposure to litigation costs and damages. This potential exposure to lawsuits would also have increased
the risk that, in the future, we would not be able to obtain the type and amount of insurance coverage we desire at an acceptable
price The risk of exposure to lawsuits is likely to increase as we develop our own new patented products, or limited competition/complex
products, such as injectable or biosimilar products, in addition to making generic versions of drugs that have been in the market
for some time. In addition, the existence or even threat of a major product liability claim could also damage our reputation and
affect consumers’ views of our other products, thereby negatively affecting our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

There has been a trend of increased
regulatory review of over-the-counter products for safety and efficacy questions, which could potentially affect our over-the-counter
products business.

In recent years, significant
questions have arisen regarding the safety, efficacy and potential for misuse of certain over-the-counter medicine products. Litigation,
particularly in the United States, sometimes gives rise to these questions. As a result, health authorities around the world have
begun to re-evaluate some important over-the-counter products, leading to restrictions on the sale of some of them and even the
banning of certain products. Any bans or restrictions imposed by the government or regulatory agencies on some of our over-the-counter
products would have an adverse effect on our sales and, thus, our overall profitability.

We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws, which impose restrictions and may carry substantial penalties.

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their
intermediaries from making improper payments to public officials or otherwise for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business.
These laws may require not only accurate books and records, but also sufficient controls, policies and processes to ensure business
is conducted without the influence of bribery and corruption. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, which
often carry substantial penalties including fines, criminal prosecution and potential debarment from public procurement contracts.
Failure to comply may also result in reputational damages.

We operate in certain
jurisdictions that experience governmental corruption to some degree or are found to be low on the Transparency International Corruption
Perceptions Index and, in some circumstances, anti-bribery laws may conflict with some local customs and practices. In many less-developed
markets, we work with third-party distributors and other agents for the marketing and distribution of our products. Although our
policies prohibit these third parties from making improper payments or otherwise violating these anti-bribery laws, any lapses
in complying with such anti-bribery laws by these third parties may adversely impact us. Business activities in many of these markets
have historically been more susceptible to corruption.

If our efforts to
screen third-party agents and detect cases of potential misconduct fail, we could be held responsible for the non-compliance of
these third parties under applicable laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Compliance with the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws has been subject to increasing focus and activity by regulatory
authorities in recent years.

16

We may be subject
to injunctions or limitations on future conduct, be required to modify our business practices and compliance programs and/or have
a compliance monitor imposed on us, or suffer other criminal or civil penalties or adverse impacts, including lawsuits by private
litigants or investigations and fines imposed by local authorities.

We need to constantly
review and update our compliance program to keep it current and active. If we fail to do so, our vulnerabilities may increase and
our controls may be found to be inadequate.

Actions by our employees,
or third-party intermediaries acting on our behalf, in violation of such laws, whether carried out in the United States or elsewhere,
may expose us to liability for violations of such anti-bribery laws and accordingly may have a material adverse effect on our reputation
and our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Counterfeit versions of our products
could harm our patients and reputation.

Our industry has been
increasingly challenged by the vulnerability of distribution channels to illegal counterfeiting and the presence of counterfeit
products in a growing number of markets and over the Internet. Third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions
of our products, which do not meet the rigorous manufacturing and testing standards that our products undergo. Counterfeit products
are frequently unsafe or ineffective, and can be potentially life-threatening.

Counterfeit medicines
may contain harmful substances, the wrong dose of the API or no API at all. However, to distributors and patients, counterfeit
products may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic version.

Reports of adverse
reactions to counterfeit drugs or increased levels of counterfeiting could materially affect patient confidence in the authentic
product, and harm the business of companies such as ours. Additionally, it is possible that adverse events caused by unsafe counterfeit
products would mistakenly be attributed to the authentic product. In addition, there could be thefts of inventory at warehouses,
plants or while in-transit, which are not properly stored and which are sold through unauthorized channels.

We operate in a highly competitive and
rapidly consolidating industry which may adversely affect our revenues and profits.

Our products face
intense competition from products commercialized or under development by competitors in all of our business segments based in India,
the United States and other markets. Many of our competitors have greater financial resources and marketing capabilities than we
do. Our competitors may succeed in developing technologies and products that are more effective, more popular or cheaper than any
we may develop or license, thus rendering our technologies and products obsolete or uncompetitive, which would harm our business
and financial results. It is also possible that alternate therapies or substitutable products that we developed for the same indication
would lead to cannibalization of revenues from our products.

Further, in recent
years the goals established under the Generic Drug User Fee Act, and increased funding of the U.S. FDA’s Office of Generic
Drugs, have led to more and faster generic approvals, and consequently increased competition. The U.S. FDA has established new
steps to enhance competition, promote access and lower drug prices and is approving record-breaking numbers of generic applications.
While these improvements are expected to benefit our generic product pipeline, they will also benefit competitors that seek to
launch products in established generic markets where we currently offer products. The U.S. FDA’s efforts to increase the
pace at which generics enter the market has also resulted in a trend of many first time generic manufacturers entering the market,
which is further increasing competition in the market.

Our generics business
is also facing increasing competition from brand-name manufacturers who do not face any significant regulatory approvals or barriers
to enter into the generics market. These brand name manufacturers have devised numerous strategies for example, sell generic versions
of their products directly or by forming strategic alliances with our competitor generic pharmaceutical companies or by granting
them rights to sell “authorized generics”. Moreover, brand companies continually seek new ways to delay the introduction
of generic products and decrease the impact of generic competition, such as filing new patents on drugs whose original patent protection
is about to expire, developing patented controlled-release products, change the dosage form or dosing regimen of the brand product
prior to generic introduction while the generic applicant seeks to amends its ANDA dossier to match the changes in the brand product,
changing product claims and product labeling, or developing and marketing as over-the-counter products those branded products that
are about to face generic competition, or pricing the branded product at a discount equivalent to generic pricing.

Our competitors, which
include major multinational corporations, are consolidating, and the strength of the combined companies could affect our competitive
position in all of our business areas. Furthermore, if one of our competitors or their customers acquires any of our customers
or suppliers, we may lose business from the customer or lose a supplier of a critical raw material.

In our generics business,
to the extent that we succeed in being the first to market a generic version of a significant product, and particularly if we obtain
the 180-day period of market exclusivity in the United States provided under the Hatch-Waxman Act of 1984, as amended, our sales
and profit can be substantially increased in the period following the introduction of such product and prior to a competitor’s
introduction of the equivalent product or the launch of an authorized generic.

Prices of generic
drugs typically decline, often dramatically, especially as additional generic pharmaceutical companies receive approvals and enter
the market for a given product. Consequently, our ability to sustain our sales and profitability of any product over time is dependent
on both the number of new competitors for such product and the timing of their approvals.

17

In our Proprietary
Products business, many of our competitors have greater experience than we do in clinical testing, human clinical trials, obtaining
regulatory approvals and commercialization. They may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging market preferences or to
devote greater resources to the development of new products and/or technologies than we can. As a result, any products and/or innovations
that we develop may become obsolete or non-competitive before we can recover the expenses incurred in connection with their development.

If competitors introduce
new products or new variations on their existing products, our Proprietary Products, even those protected by patents, may experience
substantial reductions in value.

If pharmaceutical companies are successful
in limiting the use of generics through their legislative, regulatory and other efforts, sales of our generic products may be adversely
impacted.

Many pharmaceutical
companies increasingly have used state and federal legislative and regulatory means to delay or eliminate generic competition.
These efforts have included:

·   pursuing new patents for existing products that may be granted just before the expiration of earlier
patents, which could extend patent protection for additional years or otherwise delay the launch of generics;

·   selling the brand product as an authorized generic, either by the brand company directly or through
a marketing partner;

·   introducing “next-generation” products prior to the expiration of market exclusivity
for the generic product, which often materially reduces the demand for the generic product for which we seek regulatory approval;

·   obtaining extensions of market exclusivity by conducting clinical trials of brand drugs in pediatric
populations;

·   using the Citizen Petition process to request amendments to U.S. FDA standards on testing bio-equivalence;

·   seeking changes to U.S. Pharmacopeia, an organization that publishes industry recognized compendia
of drug standards;

·   attaching patent extension amendments to non-related federal legislation;

·   engaging in state-by-state initiatives to enact legislation that restricts the substitution of
some generic drugs, which could have an impact on products that we are developing;

·   seeking patents on methods of manufacturing certain active pharmaceutical ingredients;

·   attempting to use the legislative and regulatory process to have drugs reclassified or rescheduled;
and

·   entering into agreements with pharmacy benefit management companies that have the effect of blocking
the dispensing of generic products.

Any failure to comply with the complex
reporting and payment obligations under the Medicare and Medicaid programs or other laws regulating marketing practices may result
in litigation or sanctions and adversely impact our business.

The U.S. laws and
regulations regarding Medicare and/or Medicaid reimbursement and rebates and other governmental programs are complex. Some of the
applicable laws may impose liability even in the absence of a specific intent to defraud. The subjective decisions and complex
methodologies used in making calculations under these programs are subject to review and challenge, and it is possible that such
reviews could result in material changes in the calculation outcomes.

The Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act, as amended, continues to face uncertainty due to administrative efforts to repeal, substantially modify
or invalidate some or all of its provisions, as well as challenges to its constitutionality. In addition, government authorities
have significant leverage to persuade pharmaceutical companies to enter into corporate integrity agreements, which can be expensive
and disruptive to operations.

If any of the above
queries and/or investigations were to result in a lawsuit that was determined adversely to us or in a large cash settlement, it
could require us to pay significant amounts.

18

If there is delay and/or failure in
supplies of materials, services and finished goods from third parties or failure of finished goods from our key manufacturing sites,
it may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

In some of our businesses,
we rely on third parties for the timely supply of active pharmaceutical ingredients (“API”), specified raw materials,
equipment, formulation or packaging services and maintenance services, and in some cases there could be a single source of supply.
Although, we actively manage these third party relationships to ensure continuity of supplies and services on time and to our required
specifications, events beyond our control could result in the complete or partial failure of supplies and services or in supplies
and services not being delivered on time.

In the event that
we experience a shortage in our supply of raw materials, we might be unable to fulfill all of the API needs of our Global Generics
segment, which could result in a loss of production capacity for this segment. Moreover, we may continue to be dependent on vendors,
strategic partners and alliance partners for supplies of some of our existing products and new generic launches.

Any unanticipated
capacity or supply related constraints affecting such vendors, strategic partners or alliance partners can adversely affect our
business or results of operations. Our key generics manufacturing sites also may have capacity constraints and, at times, we may
not be able to generate sufficient supplies of finished goods.

Failure to maintain
supply of compliant, quality product.

We may experience
difficulties, delays and interruptions in the manufacturing and supply of our products for various reasons, including among other
reasons;

·   demand significantly in excess of forecast demand, which may lead to supply shortages (this is
particularly challenging before the launch of a new product);

·   supply chain disruptions, including those due to natural or man-made disasters at one of our facilities
or at a critical supplier or vendor;

·   delays in construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those
intended to support future demand for our products (the complexities associated with biologics facilities, especially for drug
substance, increases the probability of delay);

·   the inability to supply products due to a product quality failure or regulatory agency compliance
action such as license withdrawal, product recall or product seizure;

·   other manufacturing or distribution problems, including changes in manufacturing production sites,
limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in the types of products produced, or physical limitations
or other business interruptions that could impact continuous supply;

·   the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the restrictive measures to control the outbreak,
on the supply chain, manufacturing and delivery logistics for our products, all as more fully discussed above (see “A pandemic,
epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, and the resulting restrictive measures and economic impacts may
materially and adversely impact our business and results of our operations”); and

·   we also manufacture and sell a number of sterile products, including oncology products, which are
technically complex to manufacture, and require sophisticated environmental controls. Because the production process for such products
is so complex and sensitive, any production failures may lead to lengthy supply interruptions.

A relatively small group of products
may represent a significant portion of our net revenues, gross profit or net earnings from time to time.

In certain markets,
sales of a limited number of products may represent a significant portion of our net revenues, gross profit and net earnings. If
the volume or pricing of such products declines in the future, our business, financial position and results of operations could
be materially adversely affected.

Fluctuations in exchange rates and interest
rate movements may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

A significant portion
of our revenues are in currencies other than the Indian rupee, especially in the U.S. dollar, the Euro, the Russian rouble, and
the U.K. pound sterling, while a significant portion of our costs are in Indian rupees. As a result, if the value of the Indian
rupee appreciates relative to these other currencies, our revenues measured in Indian rupees may decrease and our financial performance
may be adversely impacted.

Further, we may also
be exposed to credit risks in some of the emerging markets from our customers on account of adverse economic conditions.

19

We use derivative
financial instruments to manage interest rate fluctuations and some of our net exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations
in certain key foreign currencies. We do not use derivative financial instruments or other hedging techniques to cover all of our
potential exposure.

A significant portion
of our borrowing costs are linked to U.S. dollar London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), and hence any increase in
U.S. dollar LIBOR adversely impacts our financial performance.

In July 2017, the
United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the
end of 2021. It is unclear if LIBOR will cease to exist or if new methods of calculating LIBOR will be established such that it
continues to exist. As such, depending on the future of LIBOR, a comparable or successor reference rate as determined under our
credit agreements may apply, or we may need to renegotiate certain terms of our credit agreements to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR
with a new standard. In either case, our interest rates and interest expense could increase, which could adversely affect our financial
condition, operating results and cash flows.

If we have difficulty in identifying
candidates for or consummating acquisitions and strategic alliances, our competitiveness and our growth prospects may be harmed.

In order to enhance
our business, we frequently seek to acquire or make strategic investments in complementary businesses or products, or to enter
into strategic partnerships or alliances with third parties. It is possible that we may not identify suitable acquisition, strategic
investment or strategic partnership candidates, or if we do identify suitable candidates, we may not complete those transactions
on terms commercially acceptable to us. We compete with others to acquire companies, and we believe that this competition has intensified
and may result in decreased availability or increased prices for suitable acquisition candidates. Even after we identify acquisition
candidates and/or announce that we plan to acquire a company, we may ultimately fail to consummate the acquisition. For example,
we may be unable to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, including the approval of antitrust regulatory bodies.

All acquisitions involve
known and unknown risks that could adversely affect our future revenues and operating results. For example:

·   We may fail to successfully integrate our acquisitions in accordance with our business strategy.

·   The initial rationale for the acquisition may not remain viable due to a variety of factors, including
unforeseen regulatory changes and market dynamics after the acquisition, and this may result in a significant delay and/or reduction
in the profitability of the acquisition.

·   We may not be able to retain the skilled employees and experienced management that may be necessary
to operate the businesses we acquire. If we cannot retain such personnel, we may not be able to locate or hire new skilled employees
and experienced management to replace them.

·   We may purchase a company that has contingent liabilities that include, among others, known or
unknown patent or product liability claims or environmental liability claims.

·   We may purchase companies located in jurisdictions where we do not have operations and as a result
we may not be able to anticipate local regulations and the impact such regulations have on our business.

Our success depends on our ability to
retain and attract qualified personnel and, if we are not able to retain them or recruit additional qualified personnel, we may
be unable to successfully develop our business.

We are highly dependent
on the principal members of our management and scientific staff, the loss of whose services might significantly delay or prevent
the achievement of our business or scientific objectives. In India, it is not our practice to enter into employment agreements
with our executive officers and key employees that are as extensive as are generally used in the United States, and each of those
executive officers and key employees may terminate their employment upon notice and without cause or good reason. Currently, we
are not aware of any executive officer’s or key employee’s departure that has had, or planned departure that is expected
to have, any material impact on our operations. Competition among pharmaceutical companies for qualified employees is intense,
and the ability to retain and attract qualified individuals is critical to our success. There can be no assurance that we will
be able to retain and attract such individuals currently or in the future on acceptable terms, or at all, and the failure to do
so would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we do not
maintain “key person” life insurance on any officer, employee or consultant.

Since a large part
of our business centers around the United States, changes to the U.S. immigration laws could make it more difficult to obtain non-immigrant
work authorizations in the United States. There have been and will continue to be calls for extensive changes to U.S. immigration
laws regarding the admission of highly-skilled temporary and permanent workers.

20

There are some legislative
proposals which, if passed and signed into law, could add further costs and/or restrictions to some of the high-skilled temporary
worker categories and, in turn, our cost of doing business in the United States may increase. This could have a material and adverse
effect on our business, revenues and operating results.

Compliance with new and changing corporate
governance and public disclosure requirements adds uncertainty to our compliance policies and increases our costs of compliance.

Changing laws, regulations
and standards relating to accounting, corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, new
SEC regulations, New York Stock Exchange rules, provisions of India’s Companies Act 2013, Securities and Exchange Board of
India rules and Indian stock market listing regulations, create uncertainty for our company. These new or changed laws, regulations
and standards may lack specificity and are subject to varying interpretations. Their application in practice may evolve over time
as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance
matters and higher costs of compliance as a result of ongoing revisions to such governance standards.

We are committed to
maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, and our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations
and standards in this regard have resulted in, and are likely to continue.

In addition, the new
laws, regulations and standards regarding corporate governance may make it more difficult for us to obtain director and officer
liability insurance. Further, our board members, chief executive officer, and chief financial officer could face an increased risk
of personal liability in connection with the performance of their duties. As a result, we may face difficulties attracting and
retaining qualified board members and executive officers, which could harm our business. If we fail to comply with new or changed
laws or regulations and standards differ, our business and reputation may be harmed
.

If we are unable to defend ourselves
in patent challenges, we could be subject to injunctions preventing us from selling our products, or we could be subject to substantial
liabilities that could adversely affect our profits. Further, our patent settlement agreements with the innovators may face government
scrutiny, exposing us to significant damages.

There has been substantial
patent related litigation in the pharmaceutical industry concerning the manufacture, use and sale of various products. In the normal
course of business, we are regularly subject to lawsuits and the ultimate outcome of litigation could adversely affect our results
of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Regardless of regulatory approval, lawsuits are periodically commenced against
us with respect to alleged patent infringements by us, such suits often being triggered by our filing of an application for governmental
approval, such as an ANDA or NDA. The expense of any such litigation and the resulting disruption to our business, whether or not
we are successful, could harm our business. The uncertainties inherent in patent litigation make it difficult for us to predict
the outcome of any such litigation.

California recently
passed the Preserving Access to Affordable Drugs (AB-824), legislation that could adversely impact our ability to settle patent
litigations. The law, which took effect on January 1, 2020, creates a presumption that a patent settlement has anti-competitive
effects, and thus violates California's state antitrust law, if it provides for the generic pharmaceutical company to receive “anything
of value” from the branded pharmaceutical company and if the generic pharmaceutical company agrees to delay the launch of
a generic product for any period of time. The law specifically identifies exclusive licenses and agreements by the branded pharmaceutical
company “not to launch an authorized generic version” of its branded product as things of value that would trigger
the presumption. Such presumption may make it more difficult to negotiate settlement agreements which are subject to this new law.

If we are unsuccessful
in defending ourselves against these suits, we could be subject to injunctions preventing us from selling our products, resulting
in a decrease in revenues, or to damages, which may be substantial. An injunction or substantial damages resulting from these suits
could adversely affect our consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

Further, we have been
involved in various litigations involving challenges to the validity or enforceability of registered patents and therefore settling
such patent litigations has been and is likely to continue to be an important part of our business.

Parties to patent
litigation settlement agreements in the United States, including us, are required by law to file them with the Federal Trade Commission
(“FTC”) and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice for review. The FTC has publicly stated that, in its
view, some of the brand-generic settlement agreements violate the antitrust laws and has brought actions against some brand and
generic companies that have entered into such agreements. Accordingly, such settlement agreements may expose us to antitrust violation
claims.

If we elect to sell a generic product
prior to the final resolution of outstanding patent litigation, we could be subject to liabilities for damages.

At times we seek approval
to market generic products before the expiration of patents for those products, based upon our belief that such patents are invalid,
unenforceable, or would not be infringed by our products. As a result, we are involved in patent litigation, the outcome of which
could materially adversely affect our business. Based upon a complex analysis of a variety of legal and commercial factors, we
may elect to market a generic product even though litigation is still pending. This could be before any court decision is rendered
or while an appeal of a lower court decision is pending. To the extent we elect to proceed in this manner, if the final court decision
is adverse to us, we could be required to cease the sale of the infringing products and face substantial liability for patent infringement.
These damages may be significant as they may be measured by a royalty on our sales or by the profits lost by the patent owner and
not by the profits we earned.

21

Because of the discount
pricing typically involved with generic pharmaceutical products, patented brand products generally realize a significantly higher
profit margin than generic pharmaceutical products. In the case of a willful infringer, the definition of which is unclear, these
damages may even be trebled.

Furthermore, there
may be risks involved in entering into in-licensing arrangements for products, which are often conditioned upon the licensee’s
sharing in the patent-related risks.

For business reasons,
we continue to examine such product opportunities (i.e., involving non-expired patents) going forward and this could result in
patent litigation, the outcomes of which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and
cash flows.

Class action lawsuits could expose us
to significant liabilities, result in negative publicity, harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on the price of
our ADSs.

Shareholders of a
public company sometimes bring securities class action lawsuits against the company following periods of instability in the market
price of that company’s securities. As a public company grows in size, the risk of such litigations may increase. If we were
to be sued in any such class action suit, irrespective of the merits of the underlying case, it could have adverse effects on us,
including among other things: (a) a diversion of management’s time and attention and other resources from our business and
operations, which could harm our results of operations; (b) negative publicity, which could harm our reputation and restrict our
ability to raise capital in the future; (c) require us to incur significant expenses to defend the suit; and (d) if a claim against
us is successful, we may be required to pay significant damages and, in certain circumstances, to indemnify our directors and officers
if they are named as defendants in the class action suit. Any of the foregoing could, individually or in the aggregate, have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and/or the price of our ADSs.

We enter into various agreements in
the normal course of business which periodically incorporate provisions whereby we indemnify the other party to the agreement.

In the normal course
of business, we periodically enter into agreements with vendors, customers, alliance partners, innovators and others that incorporate
terms for indemnification provisions. Our indemnification obligations under such agreements may be unlimited in duration and amount.
We maintain insurance coverage that we believe will effectively mitigate our obligations under certain of these indemnification
provisions (for example, in the case of outsourced clinical trials). However, should our obligations under an indemnification provision
exceed our coverage or should coverage be denied, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position and
results of operations.

If we fail to comply with environmental
laws and regulations, or face environmental litigation, our costs may increase or our revenues may decrease.

We may incur substantial
costs complying with requirements of environmental laws and regulations. In addition, we may discover currently unknown environmental
problems or conditions. In all countries where we have production facilities, we are subject to significant environmental laws
and regulations that govern the discharge, emission, storage, handling and disposal of a variety of substances that may be used
in or result from our operations. In the normal course of our business, we are exposed to risks relating to possible releases of
hazardous substances into the environment, which could cause environmental or property damage or personal injuries, and that could
require remediation of contaminated soil and groundwater, which could cause us to incur substantial remediation costs that could
adversely affect our consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

If any of our plants
or the operations of such plants are shut down, it may severely hamper our ability to supply our customers and we may continue
to incur costs in complying with regulations, appealing any decision to close our facilities, maintaining production at our existing
facilities and continuing to pay labor and other costs, which may continue even if the facility is closed.

If the world economy is affected due
to acts of terrorism, wars or epidemics, it may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Several areas of the
world, including India, have experienced terrorist acts and retaliatory operations in recent years. Local disturbances, terrorist
attacks, riots, social disruption, wars, or regional hostilities in the countries in which we or our partners and suppliers operate
could affect the economy, our operations and employees by disrupting operations and communications, making travel and the conduct
of our business more difficult, and/or causing our customers to be concerned about our ability to meet their needs. If the economy
of any of our key markets (including but not limited to the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, India, China and Russia)
is affected by such acts, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected as a consequence.

22

Epidemics and other
public health crises, such as the ongoing novel coronavirus (COVID-19) and the restrictive measures to control the outbreak, could
significantly impact our business operations and supply chain. See “A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease,
such as COVID-19, and the resulting restrictive measures and economic impacts may materially and adversely impact our business
and results of our operations” above.

Risks from disruption to production,
supply chain or operations from natural disasters could adversely affect our business and operations and cause our revenues to
decline.

If flooding, droughts,
earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or other natural disasters were to directly damage, destroy or disrupt our manufacturing facilities,
it could disrupt our operations, delay new production and shipments of existing inventory or result in costly repairs, replacements
or other costs, all of which would negatively impact our business. A significant portion of our manufacturing facilities are situated
around Hyderabad, India, a region that has experienced earthquakes, floods and droughts in the past. Even if we take precautions
to provide back-up support in the event of such a natural disaster, the disaster may nonetheless affect our facilities, harming
production and ultimately our business. And, even if our manufacturing facilities are not directly damaged, a large natural disaster
may result in disruptions in distribution channels or supply chains. The impact of such occurrences depends on the specific geographic
circumstances but could be significant.

In addition, there
is increasing concern that climate change is occurring and may have dramatic effects on human activity without aggressive remediation
steps. A modest change in temperature may cause a rising number of natural disasters. We cannot predict the economic impact, if
any, of natural disasters or climate change.

We have concentrations of sales to certain
customers and consolidation among distributors and pharmaceutical companies could increase the concentration risk and also adversely
impact our business prospects
.

In the United States,
similar to other pharmaceutical companies, we sell our products through wholesale distributors and large retail chains in addition
to hospitals, pharmacies and other groups. During the year ended March 31, 2020, our ten largest customers accounted for approximately
80% of our North America Global Generics segment’s revenues. Consolidation and integration of the drug wholesalers, retail
drug chains, private insurers, managed care organizations and other purchasing organizations may continue to adversely affect pharmaceutical
manufacturers. Such consolidations has resulted in these groups gaining additional purchasing leverage and, consequently, increasing
the product pricing pressures facing our business. We expect this trend of increased pricing pressures to continue. Such pressures
have reduced, and could continue to reduce, our revenue, margins and profitability.

Additionally, the
emergence of large buying groups representing independent retail pharmacies, and the prevalence and influence of managed care organizations
and similar institutions, creates competition among pharmaceutical companies to have their products included in the formulary of
those groups and enables those groups to extract price discounts on our products.

We have operations in certain countries
susceptible to political and economic instability that could lead to disruption or other adverse impact on such operations.

We expect to derive
an increasing portion of our sales from regions such as China, Latin America, Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union,
Central Europe, Eastern Europe and South Africa, all of which may be more susceptible to political and economic instability.

We monitor significant
political, legal, regulatory and economic developments in these regions and attempt to mitigate our exposure where possible. However,
mitigation is not always possible, and our international operations could be adversely affected by political, legal, regulatory
and economic developments, such as changes in capital and exchange controls; expropriation and other restrictive government actions;
intellectual property protection and remedy laws; trade regulations; procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing
and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products; and intergovernmental disputes, including embargoes and/or military
hostilities.

Significant portions
of our manufacturing operations are conducted outside the markets in which our products are sold, and accordingly we often import
a substantial number of products into such markets. We may, therefore, be denied access to our customers or suppliers or denied
the ability to ship products from any of our sites as a result of closing of the borders of the countries in which we sell our
products, or in which our operations are located, due to economic, legislative, political and military conditions, including hostilities
and acts of terror, in such countries.

While it is not possible
to predict the economic impact and the magnitude of the ongoing coronavirus pandemic and the restrictive measures to control the
outbreak, it could significantly impact our business operations and supply chain. See “A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of
an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, and the resulting restrictive measures and economic impacts may materially and adversely
impact our business and results of our operations” above.

23

Uncertainty and volatility in relation
to the U.K.’s planned exit from the EU

On June 23, 2016,
the United Kingdom (“U.K.”) held a remain-or-leave referendum on its membership within the European Union (“EU”),
the outcome of which was a decision for the U.K. to exit from the EU (the “Brexit”).

The U.K. formally
withdrew from the EU on January 31, 2020 with status quo arrangements through a transition period. The transition period began
on February 1, 2020 and is expected to last until December 31, 2020. During this transition period, the U.K. and the EU will negotiate
a final agreement to govern their long-term relationship, as well as whether the U.K. will be able to continue to benefit from
the EU’s free trade and similar arrangements. However, if no agreement is reached before December 31, 2020 and no extension
to the transition period is agreed to, a no-deal Brexit will occur on December 31, 2020.

There is uncertainty
around the form and timing of any withdrawal agreement and the form and timing of any post-withdrawal trading arrangements (whether
with the EU or third parties). The situation could potentially result in changes to intellectual property rights, regulatory approval
requirements and pharmaceutical regulations, or increased cost and burdens arising from other new or diverging rules and regulations,
any of which may have an adverse impact on our operations. As the process of Brexit evolves, we will continue to assess its impact
on us.

Opposition to free trade agreements
and changes in trade policies of countries in which we operate could adversely affect the pricing and demand for our products.

Opposition
to free trade agreements was an important component of the campaign platform of the new U.S. administration, and there are ongoing
efforts to achieve that goal. For example, the United States withdrew from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (“TPP”) free
trade agreement and recently announced that it will end preferential trade treatment for India, currently being extended under
its Generalized System of Preferences (“GSP”). In the current scheme, there might not be any direct impact on U.S.
imports of pharmaceutical products due to this withdrawal. However, any such changes in free trade agreements could, among other
things, interfere with free trade in goods, impose additional customs duties or tariffs, increase the costs and difficulties of
international transactions and potentially disturb the international flow of goods and, in particular, trade between the United
States and other countries, and thus may have an adverse effect on our financial performance.

Any
new tariffs or other changes in U.S. trade policy could trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries, potentially escalating
and resulting in “trade wars”. For example, in March and April 2018, the U.S. government announced new tariffs on steel
and aluminum from China, as well as more than 1,300 other Chinese exports. In response, the Chinese government announced that it
would enact retaliatory tariffs on more than 100 American products. Trade policy changes or internal policy changes such as these
can result in increased costs for goods, which may reduce customer demand for these products if the parties having to pay those
tariffs increase their prices, or in increased costs to trading partners. If these consequences are realized, they may materially
and adversely affect our sales and our business.

From time to time we enter new markets,
and face risks arising out of our limited knowledge of the market and the customs, laws and regulatory systems that may apply.

From time to time
we enter new markets in which we have limited knowledge of the market and the customs, laws, regulatory, political and social systems
that may apply. Our success in these new markets is dependent upon the acceptability of our product and brand, the ease of doing
business in such market and various other social and economic factors that may be specific to such market. Further, limitations
by the local authorities of repatriation of generated funds may pose a risk to our success in these new markets. Our sales and
profit margins may be adversely affected if we fail to provide competitive options in the market or our brands fail to gain acceptability
in the market.

Current economic conditions may adversely
affect our industry, financial position and results of operations.

In recent years, the
global economy has experienced volatility and an unfavorable economic environment, and these trends may continue in the future.
Reduced consumer spending, reduced funding for national social security systems or shifting concentrations of payors and their
preferences, may force our competitors and us to reduce prices. The growth of our business may be negatively affected by high
unemployment levels and increases in co-pays, which may lead some patients to delay treatments, skip doses or use less effective
treatments to reduce their costs.

We have exposure to
many different industries and counterparties, including our partners under our alliance, research and promotional services agreements,
suppliers of raw materials, drug wholesalers and other customers, who may be unstable or may become unstable in the current economic
environment. We run the risk of delayed payments or even non-payment by our customers, which consist principally of wholesalers,
distributors, pharmacies, hospitals, clinics and government agencies.

Significant changes
and volatility in the consumer environment and in the competitive landscape may make it increasingly difficult for us to predict
our future revenues and earnings.

24

Impairment charges or write downs in
our books could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and financial results.

A substantial portion of the value of our
assets pertains to various intangible assets and goodwill. The proportion of the intangible assets and goodwill to our total assets
could increase significantly as we pursue various growth strategies. The value of these intangible assets and goodwill could be
substantially impaired upon indications of impairment, with adverse effects on our financial condition and the value of our assets.

Fluctuations in our quarterly revenues,
operating results and cash flows may adversely affect the trading price of our shares and ADSs.

Our quarterly revenues, operating results
and cash flows have fluctuated significantly in the past and may fluctuate substantially from quarter to quarter in the future.
Such fluctuations result from a variety of factors, including but not limited to changes in demand for our products, timing of
regulatory approvals and of launches of new products by us and our competitors (particularly where we obtain the 180-day period
of market exclusivity in the United States provided under the Hatch-Waxman Act of 1984), timing of our retailers’ promotional
programs and successful development and commercialization of limited competition and complex products. Such fluctuations may result
in volatility in the price of our equity shares and our ADSs. In such an event, the trading price of our shares and ADSs may be
adversely affected.

Changes in tax regulations of the countries
we operate in may increase our tax liabilities and thus adversely affect our financial results.

Currently, we are
entitled to various tax benefits and exemptions under Indian tax laws, such as tax benefits on research and development spending
and exemptions applicable to income derived from manufacturing facilities located in certain tax exempted zones. Any changes in
these laws or their application may increase our tax liability and thus adversely affect our financial results.

For instance, presently
under Indian tax laws, weighted deduction on research and development activities is available at 150% which will be reduced to
100% commencing April 1, 2020. Further, Special Economic Zone (“SEZ”) units commencing manufacture or production of
article and things after April 1, 2020 will not be eligible for SEZ tax deductions currently available.

India’s Finance
Act, 2016 amended the test of residence for foreign companies. While a non-resident company is generally taxed only on its
Indian sourced income, a resident company is taxed on its global income. Under the amended rule, a company not formed under the
laws of India would be considered a resident in India if its place of effective management in the previous year was in India. The
term “place of effective management” (or “PoEM”) has been defined to mean a place where key management
operates and commercial decisions that are necessary for the conduct of the business of an entity as a whole are in substance made.

Effective July 1,
2017, a Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) was introduced in India, replacing various taxes such as central excise duty,
service tax, octroi, value added tax, sales tax and entry tax, thus avoiding the multiple layers of taxation that had previously
existed in India. The GST rate applicable to finished dosages is generally 12%, whereas API are subject to a GST rate of 18%. Taxing
finished dosages at lower rates than API reduces the competitiveness of domestically manufactured finished dosages as compared
to imported finished dosages - sometimes referred to as an “inverted duty structure”. Relevant procedures have been
prescribed in the GST legislation relating to tax credits allowing for refunds to offset the adverse impact of such inverted duty
structure. Accumulation of tax credits is likely to persist at any point of time owing to the lag between the time the tax credit
arises and the time that the refund is received.

The corporate dividend
distribution tax (“DDT”), which had previously been at a 20.5553% rate, was abolished on April 1, 2020. Accordingly,
any dividend declared by our company on or after April 1, 2020 will not be subject to DDT. However, such dividend is taxable in
the hands of the shareholders at the respective rates applicable to them.

Changes in tax regimes
in countries other than India, such as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of the United States, could result in a material impact on our
cash tax liabilities and tax charges, resulting in either an increase or a reduction in financial results depending upon the nature
of the change.

We operate in jurisdictions that impose
transfer pricing and other tax-related regulations on our intercompany arrangements, and any failure to comply could materially
and adversely affect our profitability.

We are required to
comply with various transfer pricing regulations in India and other countries. Failure to comply with such regulations may impact
our effective tax rates and consequently affect our net margins. Additionally, we operate in numerous countries and our failure
to comply with the local and municipal tax regimes may result in additional taxes, penalties and enforcement actions from such
authorities.

Although our intercompany
arrangements are based on accepted tax standards, tax authorities in various jurisdictions may disagree with and subsequently challenge
the amount of profits taxed in such jurisdictions, which may increase our tax liabilities and could have a material adverse effect
on the results of our operations. Further, the base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) project undertaken by the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) contemplates changes to numerous international tax principles.
Various countries have incorporated such tax principles into their domestic legislations by way of enactment. These enactments
are significant in nature and require compliance on a regular basis. Although we will continue to adhere to such compliance, significant
uncertainties remain as to the outcome of these efforts.

25

Our principal shareholders have significant
control over us and, if they take actions that are not in the best interests of our minority shareholders, the value of their investment
in our ADSs may be harmed.

Our full time directors and members of
their immediate families, in the aggregate, beneficially owned 26.75% of our issued shares as at March 31, 2020. As a result, these
people, acting in concert, are likely to have the ability to exercise significant control over most matters requiring approval
by our shareholders, including the election and removal of directors and significant corporate transactions. This significant control
by these directors and their family members could delay, defer or prevent a change in control, impede a merger, consolidation,
takeover or other business combination involving us, or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise
attempting to obtain control of us. As a result, the value of the equity shares and/or ADSs of our minority shareholders may be
adversely affected or our minority shareholders might be deprived of a potential opportunity to sell their equity shares and/or
ADSs at a premium.

RISKS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS IN INDIAN
COMPANIES

We are an Indian company.
Our headquarters are located in India, a substantial part of our operations are conducted in India and a significant part of our
infrastructure and other assets are located in India. In addition, a portion of our total revenues for the year ended March 31,
2020 continued to be derived from sales in India. As a result, the following additional risk factors apply that are not specific
to our company or industry.

We may be subjected to additional compliance
and litigation risks as a result of introduction of the Companies Act, 2013 in India and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

As a company that
is incorporated in India, we are governed by the rules and regulations covered under the Indian Companies Act, 1956. Significant
amendments to the Companies Act were adopted in 2013 and 2014 and a majority of the provisions of the new Act (called the “Companies
Act, 2013") were implemented beginning in April, 2014. Some of the significant changes were in the areas of board and governance
processes, boardroom responsibilities, disclosures, compulsory corporate social responsibility, audit matters, initiation of class
action suits by shareholders or depositors, fraud reporting and whistle-blower mechanisms.

In addition, on September
2, 2015, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) issued the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”) that must be followed by all listed Indian public companies effective
December 1, 2015. These Listing Regulations were intended to consolidate and streamline the provisions of the existing listing
agreements for different segments of the capital markets (e.g., equity securities, debt securities, Indian depository receipts,
etc.). The Listing Regulations have thus been structured to provide ease of reference by consolidating into one single document
across various types of securities listed on the stock exchanges.

Key features of the
Listing Regulations include:

·   A framework has been prescribed for disclosure of material events and information by listed entities
to the Indian stock exchanges. Certain events mentioned in the regulations are deemed material and disclosure is mandatory. Certain
events are to be disclosed based on application of the guidelines for materiality as prescribed. The Board of Directors is required
to frame a policy for determination of materiality and disclose the same on the website of the company.

·   Entities are required to frame policies on preservation of documents, determination of material
subsidiaries, risk management, code of conduct, remuneration of directors, key managerial personnel and other employees, board
diversity, materiality of related party transactions and dealing with related party transactions and criteria for evaluation of
directors.

However, certain provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013 and the new Listing Regulations provisions are subject to varying interpretations and their application
in practice may evolve over time as additional guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. Further, the Companies
Act, 2013, the rules made thereunder and the new Listing Regulations have been and are being amended from time to time.

Effective as of April
1, 2019, the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 were amended through the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) (Amendment) Regulations, 2018. These amendments relate to, among other things, governance, related
party transactions, financial reporting, audits and auditors, and board matters.

26

All of the foregoing
may collectively result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs of compliance as a result of ongoing
revisions.

A slowdown in economic growth in India
may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our performance and the quality and growth
of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. The Indian economy has grown significantly
over the past few years. Any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm us, our customers and other contractual counterparties.
In addition, the Indian economy is in a state of transition. The share of the services sector of the Indian economy is rising while
that of the industrial, manufacturing and agricultural sector is declining. It is difficult to gauge the impact of these fundamental
economic changes on our business.

If wage costs or inflation rise in India,
it may adversely affect our competitive advantages over higher cost countries and our profits may decline.

Wage costs in India
have historically been significantly lower than wage costs in developed countries and have been one of our competitive strengths.
However, wage increases in India may increase our costs, reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our business and results
of operations.

Due to various macro-economic
factors, the rate of inflation has recently been volatile in India. If the inflation rises, we may not be able to pass these inflationary
costs on to our customers by increasing the price we charge for our products.

Stringent labor laws may adversely affect
our ability to have flexible human resource policies; labor union problems could negatively affect our production capacity and
overall profitability.

Labor laws may restrict
our ability to have human resource policies that would allow us to react swiftly to the needs of our business. Approximately 4.5%
of our employees belong to a number of different labor unions. If we experience problems with our labor unions that may adversely
affect our production capacity and our overall results and operations.

Risks
Relating to our ADSs
 THAT ARE NOT SPECIFIC TO OUR COMPANY OR INDUSTRY

The market price of our ADSs may be
volatile, and the value of your investment could materially decline.

Investors who hold
our ADSs may not be able to sell their ADSs at or above the price at which they purchased such ADSs. The price of our ADSs fluctuate
from time to time, and we cannot predict the price of our ADSs at any given time. The risk factors described herein could cause
the price of our ADSs to fluctuate materially. In addition, the stock market in general, including the market for generic and specialty
pharmaceutical companies, has experienced price and volume fluctuations. These broad market and industry factors may materially
harm the market price of our ADSs, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, the price of our ADSs may be affected
by the valuations and recommendations of the analysts who cover us, and if our results do not meet the analysts’ forecasts
and expectations, the price of our ADSs could decline as a result of analysts lowering their valuations and recommendations or
otherwise.

Negative media coverage and public scrutiny
may adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Media coverage, including
social media coverage such as blogs, of us has increased dramatically over the past several years. Any negative media coverage,
regardless of the accuracy of such reporting, may have an adverse impact on our reputation and investor confidence, resulting in
a decline in the share price of our equity shares and our ADSs.

Indian law imposes certain restrictions
that limit a holder’s ability to transfer the equity shares obtained upon conversion of ADSs and repatriate the proceeds
of such transfer, which may cause our ADSs to trade at a premium or discount to the market price of our equity shares.

Under certain circumstances,
the Reserve Bank of India must approve the sale of equity shares underlying ADSs by a non-resident of India to a resident of India.
The Reserve Bank of India has given general permission to effect sales of existing shares or convertible debentures of an Indian
company by a resident to a non-resident, subject to certain conditions, including the price at which the shares must be sold. Additionally,
except under certain limited circumstances, if an investor seeks to convert the Indian rupee proceeds from sale of equity shares
in India into foreign currency and then repatriate that foreign currency from India, he or she will have to obtain an additional
approval from the Reserve Bank of India for each such transaction. Required approval from the Reserve Bank of India or any other
government agency may not be obtained on terms favorable to a non-resident investor or at all.

Investors who exchange
our ADSs for our underlying equity shares may be subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and to the disclosure obligations
that may be necessary pursuant to the Deposit Agreement with our depositary. The Companies Act, 2013 requires that, where the registered
owner of shares does not hold the beneficial interest in such shares, both the registered owner and the beneficial owner of such
equity shares are required to disclose to the company the nature of their interest, particulars of the registered owner and certain
other details.

27

There are limits and conditions to the
deposit of shares into the ADS facility.

Indian legal restrictions
may limit the supply of our ADSs. The only way to add to the supply of our ADSs will be through a primary issuance because the
depositary is not permitted to accept deposits of our outstanding shares and issue ADSs representing those shares. However, an
investor in our ADSs who surrenders an ADS and withdraws our shares will be permitted to redeposit those shares in the depositary
facility in exchange for our ADSs. In addition, an investor who has purchased our shares in the Indian market will be able to deposit
them in the ADS program, but only in a number that does not exceed the number of underlying shares that have been withdrawn from
and not re-deposited into the depositary facility. Moreover, there are restrictions on foreign institutional ownership of our equity
shares as opposed to our ADSs.

The
persistently weak global economic and financial environment in many
 other countries, particularly emerging market
countries,
and increasing political and social instability
could

have a material adverse effect on
 our business and the price and
liquidity of our shares and our ADSs.

Many of the world's
largest economies and financial institutions continue to be impacted by a weak ongoing global economic and financial environment,
with some continuing to face financial difficulty, liquidity problems and limited availability of credit. It is uncertain how long
these effects will last, or whether economic and financial trends will worsen or improve. In addition, these issues may be further
impacted by the difficult conditions existing in parts of the Middle East, anti-immigrant activities, social unrest and fears of
terrorism that have followed in many countries.

If U.S. investors in our ADSs are unable
to exercise preemptive rights available to our non-U.S. shareholders due to the registration requirements of U.S. securities laws,
the investment of such U.S. investors in our ADSs may be diluted.

A company incorporated
in India must offer its holders of shares preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain
their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any shares, unless these rights have been waived by at least 75%
of its shareholders present and voting at a shareholders’ general meeting.

U.S. investors in
our ADSs may be unable to exercise preemptive rights for the shares underlying our ADSs unless a registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933 is effective with respect to the rights or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act is available. Our decision to file a registration statement will depend on the costs and potential liabilities associated with
a registration statement as well as the perceived benefits of enabling U.S. investors in our ADSs to exercise their preemptive
rights and any other factors we consider appropriate at the time. We might choose not to file a registration statement under these
circumstances. If we issue any of these securities in the future, such securities may be issued to the depositary, which may sell
them in the securities markets in India for the benefit of the investors in our ADSs. There can be no assurances as to the value,
if any, the depositary would receive upon the sale of these securities. To the extent that U.S. investors in our ADSs are unable
to exercise preemptive rights, their proportional interests in us would be reduced.

Our equity shares and our ADSs may be
subject to market price volatility, and the market price of our equity shares and ADSs may decline disproportionately in response
to adverse developments that are unrelated to our operating performance.

Market prices for
the securities of Indian pharmaceutical companies, including our own, have historically been highly volatile, and the market has
from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular
companies.

Factors such as the
following can have an adverse effect on the market price of our ADSs and equity shares:

·   general market conditions,

·   speculative trading in our shares and ADSs, and

·   developments relating to our peer companies in the pharmaceutical industry.

There may be less company information
available in Indian securities markets than securities markets in developed countries.

We are incorporated
in India, and there are certain differences in the rights and protections of shareholders under the laws of India as compared to
the laws of the United States and other developed economies.

For example, there
is a difference between the level of regulation and monitoring of the Indian securities markets over the activities of investors,
brokers and other participants, as compared to the level of regulation and monitoring of markets in such other countries. The Securities
and Exchange Board of India is responsible for improving disclosure and other regulatory standards for the Indian securities markets.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has issued regulations and guidelines on disclosure requirements, insider trading and
other matters. There may, however, be less publicly available information about Indian companies than is regularly made available
by public companies in developed countries, which could affect the market for our equity shares and ADSs.

28

Indian stock exchange closures, broker
defaults, settlement delays, and Indian Government regulations on stock market operations could affect the market price and liquidity
of our equity shares.

The Indian securities
markets are smaller than the securities markets in the United States and Europe and have experienced volatility from time to time.
The regulation and monitoring of the Indian securities market and the activities of investors, brokers and other participants differ,
in some cases significantly, from those in the United States and some European countries. Indian stock exchanges have at times
experienced problems, including temporary exchange closures, broker defaults and settlement delays and if similar problems were
to recur, they could affect the market price and liquidity of the securities of Indian companies, including our shares. Furthermore,
any change in Indian Government regulations of stock markets could affect the market price and liquidity of our equity shares and
ADSs.

Sale of our equity shares may adversely
affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

The Government of
India enacted the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, effective as of December 15, 2014. This law permits liberalized rules for sponsored
and unsponsored secondary market issue of depository receipts, subject to the existing sectorial cap on foreign investment. Once
the regulations are implemented, an Indian company’s equity shares can be freely issued to a depository for the purpose of
issuing depository receipts through any mode permissible for the issue of such securities to other investors. This would enable
us to more readily issue shares to the depositary for our ADSs and conduct U.S. securities issuances of our ADSs, which would impact
the share price and available float in Indian stock exchanges as well as the price and availability of our ADSs on the NYSE. Refer
to Item 10.D. “Exchange controls – ADS guidelines” for further details.

The Securities and
Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) issued a circular dated October 10, 2019 which notified a detailed framework for issuance
of Depository Receipts (“DRs”) by a company incorporated and listed on a recognized stock exchange in India. The new
framework, which was immediately effective, inter alia sets out eligibility requirements, permissible jurisdictions, international
exchanges, permissible holder of DRs, as well as certain other obligations to be complied with by issuers of DRs, the Indian depository,
the foreign depository and the domestic custodian.

29

ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY

4.A.
History and development of the
company

Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories Limited was incorporated in India under the Companies Act, 1956, by its promoter and our former Chairman, the late
Dr. K. Anji Reddy, as a Private Limited Company on February 24, 1984. We were converted to a Public Limited Company on December
6, 1985 and listed on the BSE Limited (formerly known as the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited), the National Stock Exchange of India
Limited and certain other Indian stock exchanges in August 1986 and on the New York Stock Exchange on April 11, 2001. We are registered
with the Registrar of Companies, Hyderabad, Telangana, India as Company No. 4507 (Company Identification No. L85195TG1984PLC004507).
Our registered office is situated at 8-2-337, Road No. 3, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana 500 034, India and the telephone
number of our registered office is +91-40-49002900. The name and address of our registered agent in the United States is Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories, Inc., 107 College Road East, Princeton, New Jersey 08540. Our main corporate website address is
https://www.drreddys.com
.

The SEC maintains
an Internet website (at www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers
that file electronically with the SEC. This annual report on Form 20-F and other information filed by us with or furnished by us
to the SEC can be accessed via such website. Certain (but not all) of such materials are also available on our website, at www.drreddys.com,
as soon as reasonably practicable after having been electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information contained in
our website, www.drreddys.com, is not part of this annual report on Form 20-F and no portion of such information is incorporated
herein or any other materials filed with or furnished to the SEC.

Key business developments:

Re-Audit of the Warning
letter impacted sites

The U.S. FDA completed
its audit of our API manufacturing facility at Srikakulam on January 28, 2020, and issued a Form 483 with 5 observations. We responded
to the observations in February 2020. In May 2020, we received the U.S. FDA’s Establishment Inspection Report (“EIR”)
for the above-referred facility, indicating closure of the audit and classifying the inspection of this facility as Voluntary Action
Indicated (“VAI”).

With this, all facilities
under the November 2015 warning letter from the U.S. FDA are now determined as VAI.

Refer to Note 34 of
our consolidated financial statements under “Update on the warning letter from the U.S. FDA” for further details.

Definitive agreement with
Upsher-Smith Laboratories, LLC

During the year ended
March 31, 2020, we entered into a definitive agreement with Upsher-Smith Laboratories, LLC for the sale of our U.S. and select
territory rights for ZEMBRACE
®
 SYMTOUCH
®
 (sumatriptan injection) 3 mg and TOSYMRA
®

(sumatriptan nasal spray) 10 mg (formerly referred to as “DFN-02”), which formed part of our Proprietary Products segment.
License fees includes an amount of Rs.7,486 million (U.S.$108.7 million) associated with this sale transaction.

30

Refer to Note 37 of
our consolidated financial statements for further details.

Business Transfer Agreement
with Wockhardt Limited

In February 2020,
we signed a Business Transfer Agreement (“BTA”) with Wockhardt Limited (“Wockhardt”) to acquire select
divisions of its branded generics business in India and the territories of Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bhutan and Maldives for a consideration
of Rs.18,500 million.

The business comprises
of a portfolio of 62 brands in multiple therapy areas, such as respiratory, neurology, venous malformations, dermatology, gastroenterology,
pain and vaccines. This entire portfolio would be transferred to us, along with related sales and marketing teams, the manufacturing
plant located in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh and all plant employees (together the “Business Undertaking”).

As of March 31, 2020,
the acquisition of this Business Undertaking was subject to certain closing conditions, such as approval from shareholders and
lenders of Wockhardt and other requisite approvals under applicable statutes. Hence, the transaction was not accounted for the
year ended March 31, 2020.

The transaction was
completed on June 10, 2020.

In view of the COVID-19
pandemic and the consequent government restrictions, there has been a reduction in the revenue from the sales of the products forming
part of the Business Undertaking during March and April 2020. Subsequently, through an amendment to the BTA, it has been agreed
that the deal consideration shall now be upto Rs.18,500 million, to be paid as per the following terms:

a.   an amount of Rs.14,830 million paid on the date of closing;

b.   an amount of Rs.670 million to be deposited in an escrow account which shall be released subject
to adjustments for, inter alia, net working capital, employee liabilities and certain other contractual and statutory liabilities;

c.   an amount of Rs.3,000 million (“Holdback Amount”) which shall be released as follows:

•   If the revenue from sales of the products forming part of the Business Undertaking during the 12
(twelve) months post-closing exceeds Rs.4,800 million, we will be required to pay to Wockhardt, an amount equal to 2 (two) times
the amount by which the revenue exceeds Rs.4,800 million, subject to the maximum of the Holdback Amount.

Principal capital expenditures:

During the years ended
March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, we invested Rs.5,725 million, Rs.8,376 million and Rs.8,894 million (net of sales of capital assets),
respectively, in capital expenditures for manufacturing, research and development facilities and other assets. We believe that
these investments will create the capacity to support our strategic growth agenda. As of March 31, 2020, we also had contractual
commitments of Rs.4,888 million for capital expenditures. We currently intend to finance our additional capital expansion plans
entirely through our operating cash flows and through cash and other investments.

31

4.B. Business overview

Established in 1984,
we are an integrated global pharmaceutical company committed to accelerating access to affordable and innovative medicines through
our three core business segments:

·   Global Generics;

·   Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (“PSAI”); and

·   Proprietary Products.

Global Generics.

This segment consists of our business of manufacturing and marketing prescription and over-the-counter finished pharmaceutical
products ready for consumption by the patient, marketed under a brand name (branded formulations) or as generic finished dosages
with therapeutic equivalence to branded formulations (generics). This segment includes the operations of our biologics business.

Pharmaceutical
Services and Active Ingredients
. This segment primarily consists of our business of manufacturing and marketing active
pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, also known as “API”, which are the principal ingredients for finished
pharmaceutical products. Active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates become finished pharmaceutical products when the dosages
are fixed in a form ready for human consumption such as a tablet, capsule or liquid using additional inactive ingredients. This
segment also includes our contract research services business and the manufacture and sale of active pharmaceutical ingredients
and steroids in accordance with the specific customer requirements.

Proprietary
Products.
This segment consists of our business that focuses on the research and development of differentiated formulations.
The segment is expected to earn revenues arising out of monetization of such assets and subsequent royalties, if any.

Others.
This
segment consists of the operations of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited (“ADTL”),
a discovery stage biotechnology company developing novel and best-in-class therapies in the fields of oncology and inflammation.
ADTL works with established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies through customized models of drug-discovery collaborations.

Our key markets include
the United States, India, Russia and other Countries of the former Soviet Union, and Europe.

OUR STRATEGY

Our strategy is guided
by our core purpose of accelerating access to affordable and innovative medicines, because “Good Health Can’t Wait”.

Spiraling health care
costs across the world have put many medicines out of the reach of millions of people who desperately need them. As a global generic
pharmaceutical company, we take very seriously our responsibility to offer affordable alternatives to expensive medicines and help
patients manage disease better.

We deliver on our
purpose through a set of promises we make to our customers and partners:

·   to bring expensive medicines within reach;

·   to address unmet patient needs;

·   to help patients manage disease better;

·   to work with partners to help them succeed; and

·   to enable and help our partners ensure that our products are always available where needed.

In order to maximize
our impact and reach a greater number of patients, we are committed to delivering on three themes:

·   Leadership in chosen spaces;

·   Operational excellence and continuous improvement; and

·   Patient centric product innovation.

Further, the core
of our strategy is to focus on portfolio, patient centricity, people & quality, to achieve sustained growth.

The operational aspects
and sources of competitive advantage for us are discussed below.

Strengths in science and technology

Our strengths in science
and technology range from synthetic organic chemistry, formulation development and biologics development to small molecule based
drug discovery. Furthermore, our wholly owned subsidiary, Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited, is a specialized biotechnology
company engaged in discovery and early clinical development of novel, best in class therapies to treat cancer and inflammatory
diseases. Such expertise enables us to deliver first-to-market, difficult-to-make products with an industry leading intellectual
property and technology leveraged product portfolio.

32

Product Offerings

Global Generics
:
Through our branded and unbranded drug products, we aim to offer affordable alternatives to highly-priced innovator brands, both
directly and through key partnerships.

·   Branded Generics : We seek to have a portfolio that is strongly focused on delivering first-to-market,
differentiated products to doctors and patients. Many of our brands hold significant market shares in the molecule and therapy
areas where they are present. We have also entered into strategic partnerships with third parties to sell our products in markets
where we have not established our own sales and distribution operations.

·   Unbranded Generics : We aim to ensure that our development capabilities remain strong and
enable us to deliver products that are first to market, tough-to-make and technologically challenging.

·   Biologics : Our biologics business seeks to accelerate access to biosimilar products globally
through process development and relevant clinical research. We were the first company to launch a biosimilar version of rituximab
in 2007, and have launched multiple biosimilar products in India and other key markets.

Our vertical integration
and process innovation helps to ensure that quality products are available to patients in need at all times.

Pharmaceutical
Services and Active Ingredients
: Our PSAI segment is comprised of our API business and our Custom Pharmaceutical Services (“CPS”)
business. Through our API and CPS businesses, we aim to offer technologically advanced product lines and niche product services
through partnerships internally and externally.

·   Our product offerings in our API business are positioned to offer intellectual property and technology-advantaged
products to enable launches ahead of others at competitive prices.

·   Through our CPS business, we aim to offer niche product service capabilities, technology platforms,
and competitive cost structures to innovator and biotechnology companies.

Proprietary Products
:
Our Proprietary Products segment is comprised of our differentiated formulations business. In this segment, we work to improve
patient outcomes by identifying unmet and under-met medical needs and addressing them through innovative products and services
that are affordable and accessible.

Operating priorities

Execution excellence
provides the framework to create sustainable customer value across all of our activities. We have been investing in the following
to achieve this:

·   Safety : The concept of safety has been imbued in the operating culture throughout our organization.
Specific initiatives are being carried out to increase safety awareness, to achieve a safe working environment, to avoid accidents
and injuries, and to minimize the loss of manufacturing time.

·   Quality : We are fully dedicated to quality and have robust quality processes and systems
in place at our developmental and manufacturing facilities to ensure that every product is safe and of high quality. In addition,
we have integrated “Quality by Design” to build quality into all processes and use quality tools to minimize process
risks.

·   Operational Excellence : We apply a continuous improvement framework to the critical operations
and processes in our value chain. With an operating and management review rhythm, we review and refine the business processes across
the organization to measure and improve their performance.

·   Leadership Development : We are focused on developing leaders, as well as enhancing leadership
behavior, across our organization through structured programs.

33

OUR PRINCIPAL AREAS OF OPERATIONS

The following table
shows our revenues and the percentage of total revenues of our business segments for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018,
respectively:

For the year ended March 31,
Segment   2020   2019   2018
(Rs. in millions, U.S.$ in millions)
Global Generics   U.S.$   1,832   Rs.   138,123   79   %   Rs.   122,903   80   %   Rs.   114,014   80   %
PSAI   342   25,747   15   %   24,140   16   %   21,992   16   %
Proprietary Products   105   7,949   5   %   4,750   3   %   4,245   3   %
Others   37   2,781   1   %   2,058   1   %   1,777   1   %
Total Revenue   U.S.$   2,316   Rs.   174,600   100   %   Rs.   153,851   100   %   Rs.   142,028   100   %

Revenues by country
and by therapeutic area for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 are discussed in Note 5 to our consolidated financial
statements.

Global Generics Segment

Revenues from our
Global Generics segment were Rs.138,123 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 12% as compared to Rs.122,903
million for the year ended March 31, 2019. The revenue increase was in all the four business geographies of this segment: North
America (the United States and Canada), Europe, India and “Emerging Markets” (which is comprised of Russia, other countries
of the former Soviet Union, Romania and certain other countries from our “Rest of the World” markets, including South
Africa, China, Brazil and Australia).

The production processes
for finished dosages of generics are similar, to a certain extent, regardless of whether the finished dosages are to be marketed
to highly regulated or less regulated markets. In many cases, the processes share common and interchangeable facilities and employee
bases, and use similar raw materials. However, differences remain between highly regulated and less regulated markets in terms
of manufacturing, packaging and labeling requirements and the intensity of regulatory oversight, as well as the complexity of patent
regimes.

While the degree of
regulation in certain markets may impact product development, we are observing increasing convergence of development needs throughout
both highly regulated and less regulated markets. As a result, when we begin the development of a product, we may not necessarily
target it at a particular market, but will instead target the product towards a cluster of markets that will include both highly
regulated and less regulated markets.

Today, we are one
of the leading generic pharmaceutical companies in the world. With the integration of all the markets where we are selling generic
pharmaceuticals into our Global Generics segment, our front-end business strategies in various markets and our support services
in India are increasingly being developed with a view to leverage our global infrastructure.

The following is a discussion of the key
markets in our Global Generics segment.

India

During the year ended
March 31, 2020, India accounted for 21% of our total Global Generics segment sales. In India, our key therapeutic categories include
gastro-intestinal, cardiovascular and anti-diabetic, dermatology, oncology, respiratory, stomatology, urology and nephrology.

As of March 31, 2020,
we had a total of 318 branded products in India. Our top ten branded products together accounted for 26% of our revenues in India
in the year ended March 31, 2020. According to IQVIA, a provider of market research to the pharmaceutical industry, in its moving
annual total report for the twelve month period ended March 31, 2020, our secondary sales in India grew by 11.4%. In comparison,
the Indian pharmaceutical market experienced growth of 10.8% during such period. Strategic Marketing Solutions and Research Center
Private Limited (“SMSRC”), a prescription market research firm, in its report measuring pharmaceutical prescriptions
in India for the twelve month period ended March 2020, ranked us 11
th
 in terms of the number of prescriptions generated
in India during such period.

Sales, marketing
and distribution network

We generate demand
for our products through our 5,997 sales representatives (which include representatives engaged by us on a contract basis through
a service provider) and front line managers, who frequently visit doctors to detail our related product portfolio. They also visit
various pharmacies to ensure that our brands are adequately stocked.

We sell our products
primarily through clearing and forwarding agents to approximately 3,000 wholesalers who decide which brands to buy based on demand.
The wholesalers pay for our products within an agreed credit period and in turn sell these products to retailers. Our clearing
and forwarding agents are responsible for transporting our products to the wholesalers. We pay our clearing and forwarding agents
on a commission basis. We have insurance policies that cover our products during shipment and storage at clearing and forwarding
locations.

34

Competition

We compete with different
companies in the Indian formulations market, depending upon therapeutic and product categories and, within each category, upon
dosage strengths and drug delivery. On the basis of sales, we were the 13
th
 largest pharmaceutical company in India,
with a market share of 2.2%, according to IQVIA in its moving annual total report for the twelve month period ended March 31, 2020.

Our competitors in
the Indian market include Cipla Limited, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Limited, Zydus Cadila Healthcare Limited, Sun Pharmaceutical
Industries Limited, Alkem Limited, Pfizer Limited, Abbott India Limited, Lupin Limited, Aristo Pharma Limited, Intas Pharmaceuticals
Limited, Sanofi India Limited, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Limited and Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited.

Government regulations

The manufacturing
and marketing of drugs, drug products and cosmetics in India is governed by many statutes, regulations and guidelines, including
but not limited to the following:

·   The Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945;

·   The Drugs and Magic Remedies (Objectionable Advertisements) Act, 1954;

·   The Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985;

·   The Drugs (Price Control) Order, 1995 and 2013, read in conjunction with the Essential Commodities
Act, 1955; and

·   The National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Policy, 2012.

These statutes, regulations
and guidelines govern the manufacturing, testing, packaging, labeling, storing, record-keeping, safety, approval, pricing, advertising,
promotion, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products.

An approval is required
from the Ministry of Health before a generic equivalent of an existing or referenced brand drug can be marketed. When processing
a generics application, the Ministry of Health usually waives the requirement of conducting complete clinical studies, although
it generally requires bio-availability and/or bio-equivalence studies. “Bio-availability” indicates the rate and extent
of absorption and levels of concentration of a drug product in the blood stream needed to produce a therapeutic effect. “Bio-equivalence”
compares the bioavailability of one drug product with another, and when established, indicates that the rate of absorption and
levels of concentration of the active drug substance in the body are equivalent for the generic drug with the previously approved
drug. A generic application may be submitted for a drug on the basis that it is the equivalent of a previously approved drug. Before
approving our generic products, the Ministry of Health also requires that our procedures and operations conform to current Good
Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) regulations, relating to good manufacturing practices as defined by various countries.
We must follow the cGMP regulations at all times during the manufacture of our products. We continue to spend significant time,
money and effort in the areas of production and quality testing to help ensure full compliance with cGMP regulations. The timing
of final Ministry of Health approval of a generic application depends on various factors, including patent expiration dates, sufficiency
of data and regulatory approvals.

Pursuant to the amendments
in May 2005 to Schedule Y of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, manufacturers of finished dosages are required to submit additional
technical data to the Drugs Controller General of India in order to obtain a no-objection certificate for conducting clinical trials
as well as to manufacture new drugs for marketing.

On March 22, 2005,
the Government of India passed the Patents (Amendment) Bill, 2005 (the “2005 Amendment”), introducing a product patent
regime for food, chemicals and pharmaceuticals in India. The 2005 Amendment specifically provides that new medicines (patentability
of which is not specifically excluded) for which a patent has been applied for in India on or after January 1, 1995 and for which
a patent is granted cannot be manufactured or sold in India by anyone other than the patent holder and its assignees and licensees.
This has resulted in a reduction of new product introductions in India for all Indian pharmaceutical companies engaged in the development
and marketing of generic finished dosages and APIs. Processes for the manufacture of APIs and formulations were patentable in India
even prior to the 2005 Amendment, so no additional impact results from patenting of such processes.

Under the present
drug policy of the Government of India, certain drugs have been specified under the Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 2013 (the “DPCO”)
as subject to price control. The Government of India established the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority, 2012 (“NPPA”),
to control pharmaceutical prices. Under the DPCO, the NPPA has the authority to fix the maximum selling price for specified products.

During the year ended
March 31, 2013, the Department of Pharmaceuticals under the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers of the Government of India proposed
the National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Policy, 2012, a revised National Pharmaceutical Pricing Policy to apply price controls to
348 drugs listed in National List of Essential Medicines. Some of our formulation products were subject to these price controls.
The National List of Essential Medicines, as revised in 2016, now contains 376 drugs.

35

On March 12, 2016,
the Department of Health and Family Welfare under the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India banned 344
fixed dose combination drugs (i.e., two or more active drugs combined in a fixed ratio into a single dosage). A number of pharmaceutical
companies, including us, filed a writ petition before the Delhi High Court challenging the ban. The Delhi High Court initially
granted an interim stay on the ban notification and on December 1, 2016, it overturned the government imposed ban on the 344 fixed
dosage combinations. Subsequently, the Government of India filed an appeal of the decision in the Supreme Court of India. In December
2017, the Supreme Court of India referred the issue to the government’s expert body, the Drugs Technical Advisory Board (“DTAB”),
for a fresh review of safety, efficacy and therapeutic justification of the drugs before recommending action. DTAB subsequently
completed its review and, in September 2018, the Government of India banned 328 fixed dose combination drugs. The impact of this
ban was negligible on our revenue.

On February 27, 2019,
the NPPA invoked special powers granted under paragraph 19 of the DPCO, and released an Office Memorandum through which it brought
42 non-scheduled anti-cancer medications under price control by capping their trade margin (the difference between the price at
which the manufacturers sell the medicines to distributors and the price paid by the end user) at 30%.This Office Memorandum had
no material financial impact on our revenue.

On March 17, 2020
the NPPA announced an upward revision in the maximum prices of various drugs, as a result of positive inflation as measured by
India’s Wholesale Price Index.

Such ongoing price
control changes, product bans and other changes can disrupt the Indian branded pharmaceutical market and negatively impact the
revenues and profitability of our Indian business and our company.

Russia and other Countries of the
former Soviet Union and Romania

Russia

Russia accounted for
12% of our Global Generics segment’s revenues in the year ended March 31, 2020. IQVIA ranked us 17
th
 in sales
in Russia, with a market share of 1.7% for the twelve months ended March 31, 2020.

According to IQVIA,
as per its moving annual total report for the twelve months ended March 31, 2020, our Retail sales value growth was 9.7% and our
sales volume increased by 2.3% for such period, as compared to the Russian pharmaceutical market value growth of 9.0% and sales
volume decrease of 0.3% for such period. We were the top ranked Indian pharmaceutical company in Russia for such period.

Our top
five brands, Nise, Omez, Nasivin, Ibuclin, and Cetrine accounted for 55% of our retail sales in Russia for the year ended March
31, 2020. Nise (pain management product, including systemic and topical form), Omez (an anti-ulcerant product), Nasivin* (for cold
and flu), Ibuclin (for cold and flu) and Cetrine (for allergy) were ranked as the 16
th
, 40
th
, 109
th
,
122
nd
 and 166
th
 best-selling formulation brands, respectively, in the Russian market by IQVIA in its moving
retail segment report for the twelve months ended March 31, 2020. (*Nasivin is distributed and promoted by us under a licensing
agreement and the brand is owned by Licensor). Our strategy in Russia is to focus on the gastro-intestinal, pain management, cough
& cold, allergy and oncology therapeutic areas. Our focus is on building leading brands in these therapeutic areas in prescription,
over-the-counter and hospital sales.

Our Global Generics
segment’s revenues in Russia increased by 9% (in Russian rouble absolute currency terms) during the year ended March 31,
2020, which was largely attributable to an improvement in our base business performance. Such revenues, measured in Indian rupees,
increased by 10% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2019.

Other Countries
of the former Soviet Union and Romania

We operate in other
countries of the former Soviet Union, including Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Uzbekistan and Romania. For the year ended March
31, 2020, revenues from these countries accounted for 5% of our total Global Generics segment’s revenues.

Sales, marketing
and distribution network

Our marketing and
promotion efforts in our Russia market is driven by a team of 473 medical representatives and 59 managers to detail our products
to doctors in 77 cities in Russia. Our commercial team consists of 17 key account managers and is focused on establishing a network
of relationships with key pharmacy chains. Our Russia hospital division has 38 hospital specialists focused on expanding our presence
in hospitals.

In Russia, we generally
extend credit only to customers after they have established a satisfactory history of payment with us. The credit terms offered
to these customers are based on turnover, payment record and the number of the customers’ branches or pharmacies, and are
reviewed on a periodic basis. We review the credit terms offered to our key customers on a periodic basis and modify them to take
into account the macro-economic scenario in Russia.

36

Competition

Our principal competitors
in the Russian market include Berlin-Chemie/Menarini Pharma, GmbH, KRKA Pharma Limited, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited,
Lek-Sandoz Pharmaceuticals (an affiliate of Novartis Pharma A.G.) and Zao Ranbaxy (an affiliate of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries
Limited).

Government regulations

Healthcare system
development in Russia

In
order to promote local industry, in the year 2012 the Russian government approved the Strategy of Pharmaceutical Industry Development
in the Russian Federation for the period up to the year 2020 (or the “Pharma 2020 plan”), which aimed to develop the
research, development and manufacturing of pharmaceutical products by Russia’s domestic pharmaceutical industry. The goal
of the Pharma 2020 plan was to reduce Russia’s reliance on imported pharmaceutical products and increase Russia’s self-sufficiency
in that regard. According to this program, 90% of drugs from the list of “Essential and Vital Drugs” (also known as
the “ZhNVLS”) should be produced by local pharmaceutical companies. By the end of the year 2018, this target was almost
achieved (84.2% vs planned 90%). In the year 2018 the Russian government announced a new planned “Pharma-2030” program
for the further development of Russian pharmaceutical production. One of the key goals of this program is to increase by 500% to
600% the export of locally produced drugs. This program is expected to be approved during 2020.

The
Russian government approved the State Program for Healthcare System Development on December 26, 2017. The objectives of this program
are increasing life expectancy at birth, reducing mortality of the working-age population, reducing mortality from circulatory
diseases and tumors (including malignant ones) and raising medical care quality satisfaction.

Reference pricing
regime

During the year ended
March 31, 2010, the Russian government announced a reference pricing regime, pursuant to which a price freeze on certain drugs
categorized as “essential” was implemented effective as of April 2010.

For the past several
years, the Russian Ministry of Industry and Trade has enacted and renewed short-term government regulations under which local manufacturers
(i.e., in Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan) get a 15% price preference over non-local manufacturers in procurement tenders by the
state.

A draft of “Rules
for State registration and re-registration of the maximum ex-works manufacturer prices of medicines included in EDL” was
published by the Russian Ministry of Health in 2017 and subsequently has undergone several changes. Federal Law No. 134-FZ dated
June 6, 2019 establishes, and obligates the holder of a registration certificate for a reference drug to re-register, the maximum
selling prices for drugs included in the list of vital and essential drugs. It also provides for an automatic re-registration of
maximum selling prices for generics and biosimilar based on step-down coefficient.

State Regulation
of Prices for Vital and Essential Medicines

Russia’s Federal
Law No. 34-FZ dated March 8, 2015 amended the Federal Law 61-FZ “On Circulation of Medicines”. The amendments created
new rules for the registration, manufacture and quality control of medicines, including new rules for the calculation and registration
of the maximum retail prices of vital and essential medicines established by the ZhNVLS (the “EDL”).

Calculation of the
maximum sale price for medicines included in the EDL list is determined by the Government of the Russian Federation taking into
account a variety of economic and/or social criteria. The updated EDL lists for 2020, approved by the Decree of the Government
No. 2406-p dated October 12, 2019, became effective from January 1, 2020. These lists include the list of drugs for provision to
specific groups of citizens, medicines prescribed by a decision of a medical commission of medical organizations, medical supplies
from the 7 Nosologies program list (which covers expensive treatments for patients with certain severe chronic diseases), as well
as the minimum range of medicines required for medical aid.

Restrictions on
access of foreign drugs

In 2015, the Russian
Government enacted the Priority Action Plan for sustainable economic and social stability development and regulation No. 128. This
plan and regulation affects medicines included in the EDL, and some of their key terms that have impacted the pharmaceutical industry
are (i) supporting import substitution; (ii) optimizing budget costs and reducing inefficient expenses; and (iii) restrictions
on access of foreign drugs to state procurement tenders, if two or more locally manufactured drugs participate in the relevant
tender.

Interactions between
healthcare professionals and medical product companies

During the year ended
March 31, 2012, Russia introduced Federal Law # 323, titled “On the Foundations of Healthcare for Russian Citizens”.
This law imposes stringent restrictions on interactions between (i) healthcare professionals, pharmacists, healthcare management
organizations, opinion leaders (both governmental and from the private sector) and certain other parties (collectively referred
to as “healthcare decision makers”) and (ii) companies that produce or distribute drugs or medical equipment (collectively
referred to as “medical product companies”) and any representatives or intermediaries acting on their behalf (collectively
referred to as “medical product representatives”).

37

Some of the key provisions
of this law are prohibitions on:

·   one-on-one meetings and communications between healthcare professionals and medical product representatives,
except for participation in clinical trials, pharmacovigilance, group educational events and certain other limited exceptions approved
by Russia’s Healthcare Organization Administration;

·   the acceptance by a healthcare professional of compensation, gifts or entertainment paid by medical
product representatives;

·   the agreement by a healthcare professional to prescribe or recommend a drug product or medical
equipment; or

·   the engagement by a healthcare decision maker in a “conflict of interest” transaction
with a medical product representative, unless approved by regulators pursuant to certain specified procedures.

At the end of 2013,
the State Duma (i.e., the lower chamber of the Russian parliament) adopted a series of amendments to various healthcare related
laws. Among other things, the “Law on Medicines" was amended to add regulations restricting interactions between medical
product representatives with medical professionals in connection with events sponsored by medical product companies. Under these
regulations, in the event that medical product companies wish to sponsor certain scientific, medical education or similar events,
they are required to disclose the date, place and time of the event and the plans, programs and agendas for discussion. Disclosure
is to be made by publishing appropriate information on their official websites not later than two months before the indicated events,
and the same information shall also be sent to Russia’s Federal Healthcare Service (Roszdravnadzor).

Liability for non-compliance
with such restrictions extends to both the healthcare professional and the medical product representative. Except for requiring
the disclosure of information on conflicts of interest, no specific liability has been currently prescribed for medical product
companies.

On July 2, 2013, the
Ministry of Health of the Government of Russia published an order on its website that binds physicians to prescribe medicinal products
by International Nonproprietary Name (i.e., active substance) or by combination list (which combines different International Nonproprietary
Names in one treatment group).

Russia is a member
of a common market for medicines within the Eurasian Economic Union

The
Eurasian Economic Union (“EEU”) was established in January 2015 with the aim of creating a shared economic space for
its members. EEU rules for the circulation of medicines have been in effect since 2017. In 2018, the information base of the pharmaceutical
market of the Union was created. In 2019, the EEU began re-registering medicines under the EEU rules, which allow manufacturers
in EEU countries to re-register medicines under common procedures and reduce costs.

More
than three dozen medicines and medical devices have already been registered under the EEU's rules, and more than 200 applications
for registration are in process. Work is being actively carried out to inspect pharmaceutical production facilities for compliance
with the rules of good manufacturing practice (GMP) of the EEU, and about 20 certificates have already been issued. This year the
first part of the first volume of the Union Pharmacopoeia is releasing.

In
2020-2022, the Eurasian Economic Commission plans to update a number of documents of the Union on good practices in the field of
circulation of medicines (GMP, GVP, and GCP), rules for registration of medicines, and requirements for inspection of pharmaceutical
production. It is also continuing to develop new recommendations on certain aspects of treatment, such as clinical research, biostatistics,
and peculiarities of production of certain types of drugs.

Monitoring
System of Movement of Medicines from the Producer to the Final Consumer

The
Ministry of Health in Russia has proposed a full serialization system to track and trace the passage of pharmaceuticals through
the entire supply chain, from the manufacturers to the end users. The proposed federal repository and tracking system would provide
the manufacturers, supply chain and end users of pharmaceuticals many functionalities. Listed below are some of the functions that
would be available in addition to the usual authentication and track and trace services:

·   the system would provide price controls
on products designated as vital and essential medicines;

·   consumers would be able to compare the
price of the drug to its official price limit, find which pharmacies do have the drug available, and get the product information;

38

·   manufacturers would be able to get real
time data on the logistics and storage of their products in the market;

·   pharmacists could get information related to the price, and monitor expiration dates;

·   health care institutions would be able to track registration and prices; and

·   federal agencies would have capability to monitor all medicinal products on the market to facilitate
price controls as well as report on and analyze the industry.

The
provisions on manufacturers’ obligations to label the package with the identification marks, to submit the data to the monitoring
system as well as the terms governing liability for non-compliance will become effective starting July 1, 2020. (Art. 2, Federal
Law No. 462-FZ dated December 27, 2019).

Antimonopoly compliance
in Russia

On
March 1, 2020, the Russian President signed the bill setting forth the legal framework for the internal systems of antimonopoly
compliance (the "Compliance Amendments"). The Compliance Amendments came into force on March 12, 2020.

The
Compliance Amendments set forth the optional right of Russian companies to introduce an internal system of antimonopoly compliance
which is designed to assess and prevent violations of Russian antimonopoly laws and promote internal controls for the same (the
"Compliance System"). If a Compliance System is adopted by a company and properly functions, this can serve as a mitigating
factor, and potentially reduce liability, in the event of an antimonopoly law violation.

A
Russian company is entitled to file the Compliance System with the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service (the “FAS”)
for prior approval. This mechanism allows minimizing risks of violation of the antimonopoly law and imposition of the respective
administrative fines if the Compliance System is approved by the FAS and the company follows it in practice.

E-Commerce
for Medical Products

In light of the volatile
situation with COVID-19, on April 3, 2020 the President of Russia signed Decree No. 187 dated March 17, 2020 “On Retail Trade
of Medicines for Medical Use” under which online retail sales of over-the-counter medicinal products (except illegal drugs,
psychedelic medicines and medicines containing over 25% of ethyl alcohol) in the Russian Federation is now permitted. In the case
of prescription medicines, online retail sales are now permitted in cases of urgent medical need and emergency or where there is
an “occurrence of a threat of transmission of a disease constituting a danger to the public.” The online retail sales
of medicines can be undertaken by any person (including medicine manufacturers and retail traders) that trades through a licensed
pharmacy and has obtained the requisite government agency permission. The law does not set forth any procedures for e-commerce
authorization issuance and medical product delivery, which will need to be established by subsequent government action.

North America (the United States
and Canada)

During the year ended
March 31, 2020, North America (the United States and Canada) accounted for 47% of our total Global Generics segment sales. In the
United States, we sell generic drugs that are the chemical and therapeutic equivalents of reference branded drugs, typically sold
under their generic chemical names at prices below those of their brand drug equivalents. Generic drugs are finished pharmaceutical
products ready for consumption by the patient. These drugs are required to meet the U.S. FDA or Health Canada, as applicable, standards
that are similar to those applicable to their brand-name equivalents and must receive regulatory approval prior to their sale.

Generic drugs may
be manufactured and marketed only if relevant patents on their brand name equivalents and any additional government-mandated market
exclusivity periods have expired, been challenged and invalidated, or otherwise validly circumvented. Generic pharmaceutical companies
sometimes conduct “at-risk launches”, in which the product is launched prior to resolution of a patent challenge.

Generic pharmaceutical
sales increased significantly in the last decade, primarily due to an increased awareness and acceptance among consumers, physicians
and pharmacists that generic drugs are the equivalent of brand name drugs, and have resulted in substantial cost savings to U.S.
healthcare and further due to support by governments through passage of legislation permitting generic drug alternatives.

However, the generic
pharmaceutical business has been negatively impacted by consolidation among wholesalers and retailers and the formation of group
purchasing organizations (“GPOs”), which has lead to increased pricing pressures in the market. In addition, accelerated
approval from the U.S. FDA under the timelines of the Generic Drug User Fee Act, as amended, has lead to more competition and resulted
in a decline in the growth of the generic companies in North America. We intend to continue building our presence in the region
by leveraging our product development capabilities and alliance management, manufacturing capacities inspected by various international
regulatory agencies and access to our own APIs, which offer significant supply chain efficiencies.

39

Key acquisitions
in North America:

During the year ended
March 31, 2017, we acquired from Teva and an affiliate of Allergan plc a portfolio of eight ANDAs for our North American Generics
business. The transaction, valued at U.S.$350 million, represents the largest assets acquisition in our history. However, certain
products forming part of the said portfolio were impaired during the year ended March 31, 2020. Refer to Note 13 of our consolidated
financial statements for further details.

Through coordinated
efforts of our teams in the United States and India, we constantly seek to expand our pipeline of generic products. During the
year ended March 31, 2020, we made 8 new ANDA filings with the U.S. FDA. As of March 31, 2020 our cumulative filings
were 285, which includes 4 NDA filings under section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act in the United States
and 281 ANDA filings. These 281 ANDA filings include 8 ANDAs that we acquired from Teva and an affiliate of Allergan plc. As of
March 31, 2020, we had 99 filings pending approval with the U.S. FDA (97 ANDAs and 2 NDAs under the 505(b)(2) route including 11
tentative approvals). Of the 97 ANDAs which are pending approval, 54 are Paragraph IV filings, and we believe that we are the first
to file with respect to 30 of these filings.

We have also filed
two new Investigational New Drugs (“IND”) applications, for our proposed biosimilars to rituximab and PEG-GCSF. For
rituximab, Phase 1 clinical trials have been successfully completed and Phase 3 clinical trials are currently in progress under
the applicable IND. For Peg-GCSF, our Partner Fresenius Kabi has successfully completed their clinical trials and have submitted
a Biologics License Application (“BLA”) with the U.S. FDA and a Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”)
with the EMA and the respective agencies have accepted to review the same.

Our Canada business
generated revenues of Rs.1,672 million during the year ended March 31, 2020. This business includes revenues from certain profit
sharing arrangements with distributors who market certain of our generic products. As of March 31, 2020 we have filed
a cumulative total of 34 Abbreviated New Drug Submissions (“ANDS”) in Canada, out of which, 27 were approved, and 7
are pending approval.

Sales, Marketing
and Distribution Network

Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary headquartered in Princeton, New Jersey, United States, is primarily engaged in
the marketing of our generic products in the United States. In early 2003, we commenced sales of generic products under our own
label. We have our own sales and marketing team to market these generic products. Our key account representatives for generic products
call on procurement buyers for chain drug stores, drug wholesalers and distributors, mass merchandisers, group purchasing organizations
(“GPOs”) for hospitals, specialty distributors and pharmacy buying groups.

The majority of revenue
from our North America Generics business is derived from sales of oral solids, as well as sales of various products (both oral
solids and OTC products) to retail chains. This portion of the business represents nearly three quarters of this segment’s
gross revenues for this region. The product portfolio includes a wide range of therapeutic areas.

Our over-the-counter
(“OTC”) division primarily markets and distributes store brand OTC products, but expanded into the branded OTC segment
in May 2016, developing a new channel for our growth. This division has successfully launched over 10 products. OTC products include
store brand generic equivalents of products that originally have prescription drug status and are switched to OTC drug status by
the innovator upon U.S. FDA approval (sometimes called “Rx-to-OTC switch” products). Our entry into the OTC branded
division in May 2016 was through the acquisition from Ducere Pharma of the rights to six OTC brand products, including Doan’s,
Bufferin and Nupercainal. Our OTC division services a broad range of customers, including drug retailers, mass merchandisers, food
chains, drug wholesalers, distributors, and GPOs. We launched 4 new products in the market during the year ended March 31, 2020,
including some behind-the-counter OTC products such as guaifenasin pseudoephedrine and fexofenadine pseudoephedrine combinations.

The year ended March
31, 2020 also marked another important milestone for our OTC business, with the launch of our OTC portfolio in the e-commerce segment
through the initiation of business with Amazon under the brand name HealthcareAisle. We feel very optimistic about significantly
growing this segment with evolving consumer trends in the U.S. moving towards higher share of e-commerce. Additionally, we continue
to strengthen our presence in the smoking cessation space with our Habitrol® business. We secured approval for nicotine lozenges
(mint and original) towards the end of FY 2020.

A portion of our revenue
is derived from the sale of injectable products in the therapeutic areas of oncology and critical care. We have also expanded our
presence from drug wholesalers to specialty distributors, integrated distribution networks (“IDNs”), clinics, and hospitals
to market these products. We also supply products for private label customers for injectable prescription products.

Competition

Revenues and gross
profit derived from the sales of generic pharmaceutical products are affected by certain regulatory and competitive factors. As
patents and regulatory exclusivity for brand name products expire, the first manufacturer to receive regulatory approval for generic
equivalents of such products is generally able to achieve significant market penetration. As competing manufacturers receive regulatory
approvals on similar products, market share, revenues and gross profit typically decline, in some cases significantly.

40

Accordingly, the level
of market share, revenues and gross profit attributable to a particular generic product is normally dependent upon the number of
competitors and the timing of that product’s regulatory approval and launch, in relation to competing approvals and launches.
Consequently, we must continue to develop and introduce new products in a timely and cost-effective manner to maintain our revenues
and gross margins.

In addition, the other
competitive factors critical to this business include price, product quality, consistent and reliable product supplies, customer
service and reputation. Our major competitors in the United States include Teva, Mylan Inc., Sandoz (a division of Novartis Pharma
A.G.), Endo International plc (including its subsidiaries Endo Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Par Pharmaceutical Inc.), Sun Pharmaceuticals
Limited, Lupin Limited, Aurobindo Pharma Limited, Fresenius Kabi, Sagent Pharmaceuticals, Amneal Pharmaceuticals, Inc, Zydus Cadila
Healthcare and Hikma Pharmaceuticals.

Continued consolidation
of customer purchasing power through acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures continues to intensify the competition and drive
down prices. Consolidation of manufacturers is also continuing and, at the same time, new manufacturers continue to enter the generic
market in the United States, which may further lower our pricing power and adversely affect our revenues in that market.

Brand name manufacturers
have devised numerous strategies to delay competition by introducing lower-cost generic versions of their products. One of these
strategies is to change the dosage form or dosing regimen of the brand product prior to generic introduction, which may reduce
the demand for the original dosage form as sought by a generic ANDA dossier applicant or create regulatory delays, sometimes significant,
while the generic applicant, to the extent possible, amends its ANDA dossier to match the changes in the brand product. In many
of these instances, the changes to the brand product may be protected by patent or exclusivities, further delaying generic introduction.
Another strategy is the launch by the innovator or its licensee of an “authorized generic” during the 180-day generic
exclusivity period, resulting in two generic products competing in the market rather than just the product that obtained the generic
exclusivity. This may result in reduced revenues for the generic company which has been awarded the generic exclusivity period.

The U.S. market for
OTC pharmaceutical products is highly competitive. Competition is based on a variety of factors, including price, quality, product
mix, customer service, marketing support, and the reliability and flexibility of the supply chain for products. Our competition
in store brand and innovator branded products in the United States consists of several publicly traded and privately owned companies,
including large brand-name pharmaceutical companies. The competition is highly fragmented in terms of both geographic market coverage
and product categories, such that a competitor generally does not compete across all product lines. In the store brand market,
we compete directly with companies, such as Perrigo, Apotex,PLD Aurobindo and Sun Pharma that sell store brand OTC products. In
the branded market, we compete directly with companies, such as Bayer and Pfizer, which sell branded OTC products.

With the acquisition
of Habitrol®, we now not only compete with store brands but also with large branded companies such as GlaxoSmithKline Consumer
Care, which is an industry leader in the nicotine replacement therapy category. In addition, since a majority of our products are
generic equivalents of innovator brands, we also compete against large brand-name pharmaceutical companies.

The competitive landscape
and market dynamics of the OTC market are rapidly evolving. Large brand-name pharmaceutical companies have begun to more aggressively
pursue Rx-to-OTC switches in new categories, which could present opportunities for us and other companies that sell store brand
products. At the same time, pricing pressures continue to increase with the entry of new competitors in the market. On key select
molecules, the expectation is that competition in this area will continue to grow as newer categories experience Rx-to-OTC switches.

Government regulations

U.S.
Regulatory Environment

All pharmaceutical
manufacturers that sell products in the United States are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. federal government, principally
pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the Hatch-Waxman Act, the Generic Drug Enforcement Act and other federal government
statutes and regulations. These regulations govern or influence the testing, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, storing, record
keeping, safety, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of products.

Our facilities and
products are periodically inspected by the U.S. FDA, which has extensive enforcement powers over the activities of pharmaceutical
manufacturers. Non-compliance with applicable requirements can result in fines, criminal penalties, civil injunction against shipment
of products, recall and seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, sale or import of products, refusal of
the U.S. government to enter into supply contracts or to approve new drug applications and criminal prosecution. The U.S. FDA also
has the authority to deny or revoke approvals of drug active pharmaceutical ingredients and dosage forms and the power to halt
the operations of non-complying manufacturers. Any failure to comply with applicable U.S. FDA policies and regulations could have
a material adverse effect on the operations in our generics business.

41

U.S. FDA approval
of an ANDA is required before a generic equivalent of an existing or referenced brand drug can be marketed. The ANDA approval process
is abbreviated because the U.S. FDA waives the requirement of conducting complete clinical studies, although it generally requires
bio-availability and/or bio-equivalence studies. An ANDA may be submitted for a drug on the basis that it is the equivalent of
a previously approved drug or, in the case of a new dosage form, is suitable for use for the indications specified.

An ANDA applicant
in the United States is required to review the patents of the innovator listed in the U.S. FDA publication entitled Approved Drug
Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the “Orange Book,” and make an appropriate certification.
There are several different types of certifications that can be made. A Paragraph IV filing is made when the ANDA applicant believes
its product or its manufacture, use or sales thereof does not infringe on the innovator’s patents listed in the Orange Book
or where the applicant believes that such patents are not valid or enforceable. The first generic company to file a Paragraph IV
filing may be eligible to receive a six-month marketing exclusivity period starting from either the first commercial marketing
of the drug by any of the first applicants or a decision of a court holding the patent that is the subject of the paragraph IV
certification to be invalid or not infringed. A Paragraph III filing is made when the ANDA applicant does not intend to market
its generic product until the patent expiration. A Paragraph II filing is made where the patent has already expired. A Paragraph
I filing is made when there are no patents listed in the Orange Book. Another type of certification is made where a patent claims
a method of use, and the ANDA applicant’s proposed label does not claim that method of use. When an innovator has listed
more than one patent in the Orange Book, the ANDA applicant must file separate certifications as to each patent.

Before approving a
product, the U.S. FDA also requires that our procedures and operations conform to cGMP regulations, relating to good manufacturing
practices as defined in the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations. We must follow cGMP regulations at all times during the manufacture
of our products. We continue to spend significant time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality to help ensure
full compliance with cGMP regulations.

The timing of final
U.S. FDA approval of an ANDA depends on a variety of factors, including whether the applicant challenges any listed patents for
the drug and whether the brand-name manufacturer is entitled to one or more statutory exclusivity periods, during which the U.S.
FDA may be prohibited from accepting applications for, or approving, generic products. In certain circumstances, a regulatory exclusivity
period can extend beyond the life of a patent, and thus block ANDAs from being approved on the patent expiration date.

The “pediatric
exclusivity” program under The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act provides a six-month period of extended exclusivity,
applicable to certain listed patents and to other regulatory exclusivities for all formulations of an active ingredient, if the
sponsor performs and submits pediatric studies requested by the FDA within specified timeframes. An effect of this program has
been to delay the launch of numerous generic products by an additional six months.

The Medicare Prescription
Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the “Medicare Act of 2003”) modified certain provisions of the Hatch-Waxman
Act. In particular, significant changes were made to provisions governing 180-day exclusivity and forfeiture thereof where the
first Paragraph IV certification was submitted on or after December 8, 2003.

Under the revised
provisions, 180-day exclusivity is awarded to each ANDA applicant submitting a Paragraph IV certification for the same drug with
regard to any patent on the first day that any ANDA applicant submits a Paragraph IV certification for the same drug. The180-day
exclusivity period begins on the date of first commercial marketing of the drug by any of the first applicants or a decision of
a court holding the patent that is the subject of the paragraph IV certification to be invalid or not infringed.

However, a first applicant
may forfeit its exclusivity in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to (a) failure to obtain tentative approval within
30 months after the application is filed or (b) failure to market its drug by the later of two dates calculated as follows: (x)
75 days after approval or 30 months after submission of the ANDA, whichever comes first, or (y) 75 days after each patent for which
the first applicant is qualified for 180-day exclusivity is either (1) the subject of a final court decision holding that the patent
is invalid, not infringed, or unenforceable or (2) withdrawn from listing with the U.S. FDA (court decisions qualify if either
the first applicant or any applicant with a tentative approval is a party; a final court decision is a decision by a court of appeals
or a decision by a district court that is not appealed). The foregoing is an abbreviated summary of certain provisions of the Medicare
Act of 2003, and accordingly such act should be consulted for a complete understanding of both the provisions described above and
other important provisions related to 180-day exclusivity and forfeiture thereof.

The federal Controlled
Substances Act (the “CSA”) and its implementing regulations establish a closed system of controlled substance distribution
for legitimate handlers. The CSA imposes registration, security, recordkeeping and reporting, storage, manufacturing, distribution,
importation and other requirements upon legitimate handlers under the oversight of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (the
“DEA”). The DEA categorizes controlled substances into one of five schedules — Schedule I, II, III, IV, or V
— with varying qualifications for listing in each schedule. Facilities that manufacture, distribute, import or export any
controlled substance must register annually with the DEA. The DEA inspects manufacturing facilities to review security, record
keeping and reporting and handling prior to issuing a controlled substance registration.

42

Failure to maintain
compliance with applicable requirements, particularly as manifested in the loss or diversion of controlled substances, can result
in enforcement action, such as civil penalties, refusal to renew necessary registrations, or the initiation of proceedings to revoke
those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal prosecution.

On October 23, 2019,
the DEA launched the Suspicious Orders Report System (“SORS”) Online, a new centralized database required by the Substance
Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act (the “SUPPORT Act”).
The SUPPORT Act requires that
all
 DEA registrants that
distribute
 controlled
substances report suspicious orders to the DEA. Therefore, the SORS Online system should only be used by DEA registrants that distribute
controlled substances to other DEA registrants.

Food and Drug Administration
Safety and Innovation Act, Generic Drug User Fee Act, Biosimilar User Fee Act and Food and Drug Administration Reauthorization
Act

In 2012, the United
States enacted the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act (“FDASIA”), a landmark legislation intended
to enhance the safety and security of the U.S. drug supply chain by imposing stricter oversight and by holding all drug manufacturers
supplying products to the United States to the same U.S. FDA inspection standards. Specifically, prior to the passage of FDASIA,
U.S. law required U.S. based manufacturers to be inspected by the U.S. FDA every two years but remained silent with respect to
foreign manufacturers, causing some foreign manufacturers to go as many as nine years without a routine U.S. FDA cGMP inspection,
according to the Government Accountability Office. FDASIA requires foreign manufacturers to have cGMP inspections at least every
two years, or more frequently for manufacturers with high risk profiles.

FDASIA also includes
the Generic Drug User Fee Act (“GDUFA”) and Biosimilar User Fee Act (“BuFA”), programs to provide the U.S.
FDA with additional funds through user fees imposed on generic and biosimilar products. Under GDUFA, total fees are derived primarily
from facility fees paid by finished dosage form manufacturers and active pharmaceutical ingredient facilities listed or referenced
in a pending or approved generic drug application. A significant portion is also derived from application fees, including generic
drug application fees, prior approval supplement fees and drug master file fees.

The
FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 (“FDARA”) and the GDUFA Amendments (“GDUFA II”), signed into law on August
18, 2017, extended the user fee program for a period of another five years through September, 2022. Under the provisions of these
acts, an additional generic drug applicant program fee will be established, which will be based on the number of ANDAs the applicant
holds and the prior approval supplement fees will be eliminated. Of the total GDUFA user fee revenue, 35% will be generated from
this ANDA-based fee. Further, the GDUFA II commitment letter describes a consolidated review goals scheme for all cohorts
of ANDAs, prior approval supplements and amendments. This includes shorter review goals for generic drug submissions that are public
health priorities.

The
establishment of dedicated biosimilar fees was also intended to help ensure that the U.S. FDA has appropriate resources for managing
the introduction of biosimilar products on the U.S. market. Under the FDARA, for the first time, an independent fee structure for
biosimilars will be implemented, including an initial biosimilar development fee which will be assessed the first year a manufacturer
begins clinical trials. Further, an annual biosimilar development fee for subsequent years of the development process, a biosimilar
program fee for approved biosimilars, and an application fee for new biosimilar applications will be introduced. The legislation
also reauthorizes several programs that are designed to simplify and expedite the regulatory process for the development of drugs
and devices that aid patients with rare diseases.

In addition, under
the FDARA, a drug is eligible for designation as a “Competitive Generic Therapy” (or “CGT”) if the U.S.
FDA determines that there is inadequate generic competition i.e., with respect to a drug, there is not more than one approved drug
on the list of drugs described in section 505(j)(7)(A) (not including drugs on the discontinued section of such list) that is (a)
the reference listed drug; or (b) a generic drug with the same reference listed drug as the drug for which designation as a competitive
generic therapy is sought. A draft guidance on Competitive Generic Therapy was published on February 2019 which provides more clarity
on eligibility for and forfeiture and relinquishment of CGT exclusivity. Final guidance was issued by the U.S. FDA in March 2020.
This final guidance provides a description of the process that applicants should follow to request designation of a drug as a CGT
and the criteria for designating a drug as a CGT. It also includes information on the actions the U.S. FDA may take to expedite
the development and review of ANDAs for drugs designated as CGTs. Finally, it provides information on how the U.S. FDA implements
the statutory provision for a 180-day exclusivity period for certain first approved applicants that submit ANDAs for CGTs.

As part of GDUFA II,
in order to accelerate access to generic version of complex products, GDUFA II pre-ANDA program product development meetings can
be initiated by the U.S. FDA for an ongoing ANDA development program for complex products. These meetings will encourage applicants
for product development meetings, pre-submission meetings and mid-review cycle meetings to clarify regulatory expectations early
in product development. Furthermore, in November 2017, the Manual of Policy and Procedures (“MAPP”) 5240.3, “Review
Order of Original ANDAs, Amendments, and Supplements” was revised to MAPP 5240.3 Rev 4, and on January 30,2020 to MAPP 5240.3
Rev 5 “Prioritization of the Review of Original ANDAs, Amendments and Supplements” under which a priority review may
be granted by the U.S. FDA if an original ANDA, amendment, or supplement meets one of the prioritization factors set forth in the
MAPP, and may receive either a shorter goal date or an expedited review, as defined in the MAPP.

43

Withdrawal of U.S.
FDA Proposed Labeling Rule

On November 13, 2013,
the U.S. FDA proposed a new labeling rule which the agency believed would speed up the dissemination of new safety information
about generic drugs to health professionals and patients by allowing generic drug manufacturers to use the same process as brand
drug manufacturers to update safety information in the product labeling. Under the proposal, generic drug manufacturers would have
been able to independently update product labeling (also called prescribing information or package inserts) with newly-acquired
safety information before the U.S. FDA’s review of the change, in the same way brand drug manufacturers do today. Generic
manufacturers would also have been required to inform the brand name manufacturer about the change. The U.S. FDA would then have
evaluated whether the proposed change was justified and made an approval decision on the generic drug labeling change and the corresponding
brand drug labeling change at the same time, so that brand and generic drug products would ultimately have the same U.S. FDA-approved
prescribing information.

Currently, generic
manufacturers must wait to update product safety information until the corresponding brand name product has received approval to
update its safety information. Brand drug manufacturers are allowed to independently update and promptly distribute updated safety
information by submitting a “changes being effected” (“CBE”) supplement to the U.S. FDA. Generic manufacturers
must notify the U.S. FDA of new safety information, and wait for the U.S. FDA and the brand manufacturer to determine the updated
labeling, which may result in a delay in getting new information to health care professionals and patients.

Under current law,
generic and brand drug manufacturers are required to promptly review safety information about their drugs and comply with the U.S.
FDA’s reporting and recordkeeping requirements. When new information becomes available that causes the product labeling to
be inaccurate, all drug manufacturers must take steps to update the labeling.

Because the current
regulatory scheme only permits a generic manufacturer to use the CBE process to update its label if the branded drug manufacturer
changes its label first, this can prevent generic manufacturers from complying with state law warning requirements. As a result,
state product liability suits based on failure-to-warn and design defect claims against generics manufacturers have generally been
held pre-empted by Federal law, and in June 2013 the United States Supreme Court upheld such pre-emption and immunity of generic
manufacturers in
Mutual Pharmaceutical Co. v. Bartlett
.

If the U.S. FDA’s
proposed new rule was adopted, it may have eliminated this pre-emption and increased our potential exposure to lawsuits relating
to product safety, side effects and warnings on labels. This new potential exposure to lawsuits may also have increased the risk
that, in the future, we would not have been able to obtain the type and amount of insurance coverage we desire at an acceptable
price and self-insurance may have become the sole commercially reasonable means available for managing the product liability risks
of our business. After twice delaying publication of a final rule, the U.S. FDA withdrew its proposed rule during 2017.

Prescription Drug
Marketing Act and Laws Regulating Payments to Healthcare Professionals

The FDA also enforces
the requirements of the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, which, among other things, imposes various requirements in connection
with the distribution of product samples to physicians. Sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs must comply
with the federal anti-kickback statute, the Medicare-Medicaid Anti-Fraud and Abuse Act, as amended, the False Claims Act, as amended,
and similar state laws. Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act of 1990, as amended.

We are also subject
to Section 6002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, commonly known as the Physician Payment Sunshine Act which
regulates disclosure of payments to certain healthcare professionals and providers.

Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act and Medicaid Drug Rebate Program

In March 2010, the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (collectively,
the “PPACA”), were signed into law. The PPACA is one of the most significant healthcare reform measures in the United
States in decades, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The PPACA imposes additional rebates, discounts
and fees, mandates certain reporting and contains various other requirements that affect our business. The PPACA made several important
changes to the federal anti-kickback statute, false claims laws, and health care fraud statutes that made it easier for the government
or whistleblowers to pursue such fraud and abuse violations. In addition, the PPACA increased penalties for fraud and abuse violations.
If our past, present or future operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or other similar governmental
regulations to which we are subject, we may be subject to the applicable penalty associated with the violation which could adversely
affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results.

44

The PPACA changed
the computations used to determine Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program by redefining
the average manufacturer’s price (“AMP”). In November 2015, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (the “BBA”)
amended the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to impose a penalty rebate on generic drugs whose price increases exceed the inflation
rate. Initially, the penalty rebate had only applied to brand drugs and authorized generics, but other generic drugs were subject
to a fixed base rebate of 13% of AMP. The BBA imposed a price increase penalty rebate on generic drugs similar to that of the price
increase penalty on brand drugs and authorized generics.

The additional penalty
rebate for generic drugs applies to rebate periods beginning with the first quarter of 2017. The additional penalty rebate due
for generic drugs is equal to the AMP for the current quarter minus the baseline AMP adjusted for inflation based upon the Consumer
Price Index for Urban Consumers.

The PPACA also increased
the number of healthcare organizations eligible to participate in the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program, which
provides for government controlled prices that result in substantial discounts for participants. To further facilitate the government’s
efforts to coordinate and develop comparative clinical effectiveness research, the PPACA established a new Patient-Centered Outcomes
Research Institute to oversee and identify priorities in such research. The manner in which the comparative research results would
be used by third-party payors is uncertain.

The PPACA has created
an abbreviated pathway to U.S. FDA approval of “biosimilar” biological products and allows the first interchangeable
biosimilar biological product 18 months of exclusivity, which could increase competition for our biosimilars business. The PPACA
also has some anti-generic provisions that could adversely affect our biosimilars business, including provisions granting the innovator
of a biological drug product 12 years of exclusive use before generic drugs can be approved based on being biosimilar.

On February 1, 2016,
the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”) published in the Federal Register a Final Regulation with
comment period to implement the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The Final Regulation was to clarify ambiguities in the ACA amendments.
The key provisions covered under the Final Regulation included, without limitation, the following: (i) the adoption of a final
definition of “retail community pharmacy” (“RCP”), (ii) the adoption of a rule permitting inhalation, infusion,
instilled, implanted, or injectable drugs (“5i drugs”) to be deemed not to be “generally dispensed” through
a RCP, and thus excluded from the calculation of their AMP, if 70% or more of its sales were to entities other than RCPs or wholesalers
for drugs distributed to RCPs (the prior threshold was 90%), (iii) the inclusion of authorized generics in calculations of AMP
and best price, (iv) narrowing the regulatory definition for “best price”, (v) requiring additional Medicaid rebate
payments for generic drugs, effective as of April 1, 2017, and (vi) clarification of the definition of “bona fide service
fees” based on a four part test. We are still awaiting guidance from CMS on a delay in the participation of the U.S. territories
in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program until April 1, 2020 an aspect of the rule that was deferred for later implementation. We will
evaluate the financial impact of this when it becomes effective.

The PPACA required
manufacturers to calculate an alternate rebate amount for drugs that are “line extensions” of an oral solid dosage
form. CMS was responsible under the PPACA for providing a regulatory definition of “line extension,” although the CMS
February 2016 final rule did not do so. The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act enacted on July 22, 2016 included a statutory
definition of line extension as follows: “with respect to a drug, a new formulation of the drug, such as an extended release
formulation, but does not include an abuse-deterrent formulation of the drug (as determined by the Secretary), regardless of whether
such abuse-deterrent formulation is an extended release formulation.” On April 1, 2019, CMS published a final rule and interim
final rule which reiterated prior guidance that manufacturers rely on the statutory definition and where appropriate, may use “reasonable
assumptions” to determine if a drug qualifies as a line extension drug. The agency notes that if it should decide to develop
a regulatory definition of line extension drug, the normal rulemaking process will be utilized. We are not currently marketing
any drugs that we believe would be a line extension.

In 2017, the new U.S.
Presidential administration, which had promised to repeal and replace the PPACA, took office in the United States. Although legislative
proposals in 2017 to repeal and replace the PPACA in 2017 were never enacted, there are ongoing efforts to achieve that goal. For
example, in October 2017, the U.S. President signed an Executive Order directing federal agencies to modify how the PPACA is implemented,
ending the subsidies to health care insurance companies that sell insurance to low income consumers through state health insurance
marketplaces.

Further, the Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017 effectively repealed the PPACA’s individual mandate by removing the penalties imposed
for failure to purchase healthcare insurance. As a result of this change, in December 2018, a U.S. federal district court ruled
that the PPACA is unconstitutional. An appellate review of this decision by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in December 2019
held that the individual mandate under the PPACA was unconstitutional, and remanded the case back to the Texas federal judge to
conduct a re-evaluation of the entire PPACA to determine which provisions, if any, could survive without the individual mandate
provision. The case was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court in January 2020. The high court agreed to review the Fifth Circuit Court’s
decision on the unconstitutionality of the individual mandate and to review the constitutional status of the Affordable Care Act
as a whole, but refused to hear the case on an expedited basis and a decision is expected sometime in 2021. The law remains in
place pending final resolution. We cannot predict the outcome of litigation regarding the constitutionality of the PPACA or the
form any replacement of the PPACA may take, if any, although it may have the impact of reducing the number of insured as well as
coverage for pharmaceutical products. Included in the many parts of the PPACA that could potentially be affected by the continued
litigation is the Biologics Price Competition and Incentives Act. We cannot predict the ultimate effect of the reform on our business,
and additional policy changes disruptive to the PPACA exchange markets could arise.

45

The Bipartisan Budget
Act of 2018 amended the PPACA, effective January 1, 2019, to close the coverage gap (commonly referred to as the “donut hole”)
in most Medicare drug plans, and also increased in 2019 the percentage by which a drug manufacturer must discount the negotiated
price of branded prescription drugs dispensed to Medicare Part D patients in the coverage gap from 50% to 70%.

The Continuing Appropriations
Act of 2020 and the Health Extenders Act of 2019 became effective, amending the Medicaid Drug Rebate Statute in two key ways: (i)
by requiring manufacturers to exclude (rather than include) the prices paid by wholesalers to manufacturers for authorized generic
drugs from the calculation of the “average manufacturers’ price” for the branded drug and (ii) by deleting references
to “manufacturers” from the definition of wholesaler.

Drug Quality and Security
Act

On November 28, 2013,
the Drug Quality and Security Act was signed into law in the United States. The legislation introduces a federal track-and-trace
system for medicines with serial numbers added to individual packs and (non-mixed) cases within four years of the legislation’s
adoption, and electronic tracing of production through the supply chain mandated within ten years. It also strengthens licensure
requirements for wholesale distributors and third-party logistics providers, and requires the U.S. FDA to maintain a database of
wholesalers that will be available to the public through its website. The law also boosts oversight of compounding pharmacies that
make drugs to order, and increases the powers of the U.S. FDA to oversee large-volume or ‘outsourcing’ compounders
without individual prescriptions. During 2017, the U.S. FDA delayed the enforcement of serialization requirements for manufacturers
until November 2018 to provide manufacturers with additional time to comply and avoid supply disruptions. We completed all of the
activities necessary to implement serialization, and the batches packaged after November 26, 2018 are being serialized.

Title XI of the
Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA)

On October 6, 2016,
the U.S. FDA issued a final rule to implement new regulations that govern the approval of applications under Section 505(b)(2)
of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act in the United States, and of ANDAs. This rule revises and clarifies U.S. FDA regulations
as to matters such as: the procedures and requirements for providing notice to each patent owner and the NDA holder of certain
patent certifications made by applicants submitting 505(b)(2) applications or ANDAs; the availability of 30-month stays of approval
on 505(b)(2) applications and ANDAs that are otherwise ready to be approved; submission of amendments and supplements to 505(b)(2)
applications and ANDAs; and the types of bioavailability and bioequivalence data that can be used to support these applications.
This rule was effective December 5, 2016.

Biologics Pathway

The Biologics Price
Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (“BPCIA”) created a statutory pathway and abbreviated approval processes for
the approval of biosimilar versions of branded biological products. Under the BPCIA, a biosimilar must be highly similar with no
clinically meaningful differences compared to the reference medicine. Approval of a biosimilar in the United States requires the
submission of a BLA to the U.S. FDA, including an assessment of immunogenicity, and pharmacokinetics or pharmacodynamics. The BLA
for a biosimilar can be submitted as soon as four years after the initial approval of the reference biologic, but can only be approved
12 years after the initial approval of the reference biologic.

This
pathway is still relatively new and some aspects remain untried, controversial and subject to ongoing litigation.
Though
the U.S. FDA has issued and updated various technical guidance documents addressing quality considerations, scientific considerations
and questions and answers regarding commonly posed issues to assist the biopharmaceutical industry in developing biosimilar products
in compliance with the BPCIA, there remains some uncertainty regarding the abbreviated biosimilar pathway. On December 11, 2018,
the U.S. FDA released final guidance defining biologics, transitioning biological products approved under an NDA to a deemed BLA,
and outlining an abbreviated pathway for biosimilar licensure. As part of the publication of the final guidance, the U.S. FDA is
allowing for ongoing comments from the public, which may result in further changes or revisions to such guidance. On May 10, 2019,
the U.S. FDA issued final guidance on “Considerations in Demonstrating Interchangeability With a Reference Product,”
which is intended to provide guidance as to how to demonstrate that a proposed therapeutic protein product is interchangeable with
a reference product for the purposes of submitting a marketing application or supplement under section 351(k) of the Public Health
Service Act (PHS Act) (42 U.S.C. 262(k)).

46

The overall status
of the BPCIA is uncertain, based on a December 2018 U.S. federal court decision which declared the PPACA, of which the BPCIA is
a part, to be unconstitutional. Such decision has been stayed and will not take effect while such decision is on appeal.

21st
Century Cures Act

On
December 13, 2016, the 21st Century Cures Act was enacted into law in the United States, and is intended to promote biomedical
innovation and personalized medicines. The 21st Century Cures Act includes increased funding for the National Institutes of Health
and the U.S. FDA and provides for the implementation of, among other reforms, enhanced pathways for medical product approval and
the modernization and harmonization of clinical trial procedures over a period of several years.

Blueprint
to Lower Drug Prices

In
May 2018, U.S. President Trump released “American Patients First: The Trump Administration Blueprint to Lower Drug Prices
and Reduce Out-of-Pocket Costs,” which outlines actions that his administration proposes to take to lower prescription drug
prices, including certain actions that can be taken immediately by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”)
and issues on which HHS will solicit public feedback before determining any additional reform proposals. This blueprint seeks to
increase competition, improve negotiation, and incentivize lower list prices and lower out-of-pocket costs.

It
calls for, among other things, greater transparency of drug prices, better informing consumers about prescription drugs, increased
promotion of generic drugs and experimenting with value-based payment. We are currently evaluating the impact of this blueprint
on our business, and we cannot yet be certain what the effect will be.

To
create better incentives for lower list prices, the blueprint called for HHS to consider requiring the inclusion of list prices
in direct-to-consumer advertising. On May 30, 2018, the CMS announced a final rule that will require direct-to-consumer television
advertisements for prescription pharmaceuticals covered by Medicare or Medicaid to include the list price if such price is equal
to or greater than $35 for a month’s supply or the usual course of therapy. This rule is effective starting on July 9, 2019.

State
Efforts to Lower Drug Prices

A
number of states have passed legislation intended to impact pricing or requiring price transparency reporting, including California,
Colorado, Connecticut, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Vermont, and Washington. While the disclosure requirements
vary by state, these laws typically require manufacturers to report certain product price information or other financial data to
the state, and, in some cases, provide advance notification of price increases. It is expected that states will continue their
focus on pharmaceutical price transparency and that this focus will continue to exert pressure on product pricing.

Right
to Try Act

On
May 30, 2018, the Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017 (the “Right
to Try Act”) was signed into law in the United States. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain
patients to request access to certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase I clinical trial and that are
undergoing investigation for U.S. FDA approval. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products
available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act.

Final
Conscience Rule

In
May 2019, the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services (“HHS”) published final rules to enforce so-called “conscience
laws,” a series of previously enacted laws that allow health professionals, insurers and employers to opt out of participating
in certain health care activities that violate the worker's conscience or religious beliefs, such as abortion, sterilization, vaccination
or assisted suicide. The final rule significantly expands the authority of HHS’s Office of Conscience and Religious Freedom
to enforce federal conscience protection laws and implements new enforcement mechanisms. This final rule is set to become effective
on July 22, 2019, although lawsuits have already been filed challenging its constitutionality.

The
conscience laws and the final rule could potentially impact certain pharmaceutical products, including the availability of such
products from hospitals and other prescribers and the availability of insurance coverage for such products. We are currently evaluating
the impact of these conscience laws and the final rule on our business, and we cannot yet be certain what their effect will be.

47

Other matters

Civil Investigative
Demand from the Office of the Attorney General, State of Texas

On or about November
10, 2014, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., one of our subsidiaries in the United States, received a Civil Investigative Demand
(“CID”) from the Office of the Attorney General, State of Texas (the “Texas AG”) requesting certain information,
documents and data regarding sales and price reporting in the U.S. marketplace of certain products for the period of time between
January 1, 1995 and the date of the CID. We responded to all of the Texas AG’s requests to date, and we understand that the
investigation is continuing.

Subpoena duces
tecum from the Office of the Attorney General, California

On November 3, 2014,
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. received a subpoena duces tecum to appear before the Office of the Attorney General, California
(the “California AG”) and produce records and documents relating to the pricing of certain products. A set of five
interrogatories related to pricing practices was served as well. On July 18, 2016, the California AG sent a letter to inform Dr.
Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. that, in light of the information which had been provided, no further information would be requested
at such time in response to this subpoena.

Subpoenas from
the Division of the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and the office of the Attorney General for the State of Connecticut

On July 6, 2016 and
August 7, 2016, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. received subpoenas from the Anti-trust Division of the DOJ and the office
of the Attorney General for the State of Connecticut, respectively, seeking information relating to the marketing, pricing and
sale of certain of our generic products and any communications with competitors about such products. On May 15, 2018, another subpoena
was served on Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. by the False Claims Division of the DOJ seeking similar information. We have
been cooperating, and intend to continue to fully cooperate, with these inquiries.

State Attorneys
General Civil Actions and Multi-District Litigation in the United States

The following cases
against our U.S. subsidiary, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., have been filed and are pending and consolidated in
In re
Generic Pharmaceutical Pricing Antitrust Litigation
, MDL 2724, 14-MD-2724 (Eastern District of Pennsylvania), which is a multidistrict
litigation (“MDL”) in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (“MDL-2724”):

On October 30, 2017,
the Attorneys General of forty-nine U.S. States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia, filed an Amended
Complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, against eighteen generic pharmaceutical
companies (including our U.S. subsidiary) with respect to fifteen generic drugs, alleging that our U.S. subsidiary and the other
named defendants engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and to allocate bids and customers in the United States in the sale of the
fifteen named drugs. Our U.S. subsidiary is specifically named as a defendant with respect to two generic drugs (meprobamate and
zoledronic acid), and is named as an alleged co-conspirator on an alleged “overarching conspiracy” with respect to
the other thirteen generic drugs named. The Amended Complaint alleges violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1,
and the consumer protection and antitrust laws of each of the jurisdictions that are plaintiffs.

The Amended Complaint
seeks injunctive relief, statutory penalties, punitive damages, and recovery of treble damages, plus attorney’s fees and
costs, against all named defendants on a joint and several basis, on behalf of the plaintiff jurisdictions and their citizens and
inhabitants. We deny the claims asserted and intend to vigorously defend against the claims asserted.

On May 10, 2019, the
Attorneys General of forty-nine U.S. States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia, filed a Complaint in
the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut against twenty-one generic pharmaceutical companies (including
our U.S. subsidiary) and fifteen individual defendants, with respect to 116 generic drugs, alleging that our U.S. subsidiary, Dr.
Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., and the other named defendants engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and to allocate bids and
customers in the United States in the sale of the 116 named drugs. Under the multi-district litigation rules, this action will
be designated a related “tag along” action and will be transferred to and become a part of the MDL-2724. Our U.S. subsidiary
is specifically named as a defendant with respect to five generic drugs (ciprofloxacin HCL tablets, glimepiride tablets, oxaprozin
tablets, paricalcitol and tizanidine), and is named as an alleged co-conspirator on an alleged “overarching conspiracy”
with respect to the other thirteen generic drugs named. The Complaint alleges violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C.
§1, and the consumer protection and antitrust laws of each of the jurisdictions that are plaintiffs. The Complaint seeks injunctive
relief, statutory penalties, punitive damages, and recovery of treble damages, plus attorney’s fees and costs, against all
named defendants on a joint and several basis, on behalf of the plaintiff jurisdictions and their citizens and inhabitants. We
deny the claims asserted and intend to vigorously defend against the claims asserted.

For additional information
on the MDL-2724, see Note 32 of our consolidated financial statements.

48

Civil Investigative
Demand from the Division of the U.S DOJ

On May 15, 2018,
Dr
. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. received a Civil Investigative Demand from the Civil Division of the U.S. DOJ, enquiring
whether there have been any violations of the U.S. False Claims Act, arising from allegations that generic pharmaceutical manufacturers,
including us, have engaged in market allocation or price fixing agreements, or paid illegal remuneration, and caused false claims
to be submitted in violation of the said Act. We intend to fully cooperate with the DOJ in responding to the demand and cooperate
with the investigation.

CANADA
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT

In
Canada, we are required to file product dossiers with the Health Canada for permission to market a generic pharmaceutical product.
The regulatory authorities may inspect our manufacturing facility before approval of the dossier. As of March 31, 2020, we had
filed a total of 40 Abbreviated New Drug Submissions (“ANDS”) in Canada, out of which 27 were approved, 7 are pending
approval, and 6 were withdrawn or rejected.

Europe

Our sales of generic
medicines in Europe for the year ended March 31, 2020 were Rs.11,707 million, which accounted for 8% of our Global Generics segment’s
sales. Our principal markets in Europe are Germany and the United Kingdom. We have also established our presence in other markets,
including Italy, France and Spain.

Sales, Marketing and Distribution Network

Germany

In Germany, we sell a broad range of generic
pharmaceutical products under the “betapharm” brand.

Over the last decade,
the German pharmaceutical market has significantly changed. Health care reforms by the government have significantly increased
the power of insurance companies and statutory health insurance funds (“SHI funds”) to influence dispensing of medicines.
Pursuant to the reforms, those pharmaceutical products which are covered by rebate contracts with insurance companies and SHI funds
will be prescribed by physicians and dispensed by pharmacies with priority. As a result, many SHI funds have enacted tender (i.e.,
competitive bidding) processes to determine which pharmaceutical companies they will enter into rebate contracts with. This has
resulted in more than 90% of generic products currently sold in German retail outlets being supplied through contracts procured
in competitive bidding tenders, thereby causing significant pressure on product margins.

United Kingdom
and other Countries within Europe

We market our generic
products in the United Kingdom and other European Union (“EU”) countries through our U.K. subsidiary, Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories (U.K.) Limited. This subsidiary was formed in the year ended March 31, 2003 after our acquisition of Meridian Healthcare
Limited, a United Kingdom based generic pharmaceutical company. We currently sell more than 50 products in the United Kingdom,
covering both International Nonproprietary Name (“INN”) generics and branded generics. INN generics are sold via wholesale
and retail channels, and hospitals. In the U.K., we work closely with the Clinical Commissioning Groups (i.e., groups that commission
healthcare services for their local communities and include all of the general practitioner groups in their geographical area)
to promote our range of branded generics. Whilst the retail business covers a broad range of therapeutic areas, the hospital business
focuses mainly on oncology, anti-infectives and HIV.

In 2016, we established
a commercial structure in Italy, Spain and France to expand our direct footprint in the western European region. Our initial focus
has been to supply products through hospitals and to institutional clients. Our product mix in these markets focuses on a limited
number of key therapy areas such as oncology, anti-infectives and HIV, leveraging our portfolio. This market’s business is
predominantly tender-driven, without the need for a large sales force.

Competition

The German market
is highly competitive as a result of a large number of generic players and the predominance of a tender system which drives competition.
Our key competitors within the German generics market include Sandoz International GmbH, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(“Teva”), Winthrop Arzneimittel GmbH and Stada Arzneimittel AG.

According to the British
Generic Manufacturers Association, the United Kingdom is one of the largest markets for generic pharmaceuticals in Europe, with
generic penetration of around 84%, and is also one of the most price competitive markets due to a high degree of vertical integration
and consolidation of buyers, as more than 65% of the retail pharmacies are owned by wholesalers or are part of retail chains, and
has low barriers of entry. The market is dominated by global pharmaceutical companies such as Teva, the Sandoz group of Novartis
Pharma A.G. and Mylan Inc.

49

In Italy, Spain and
France, we compete with companies such as Hospira (an affiliate of Pfizer Limited), Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Teva and Accord
Healthcare Limited (an affiliate of Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd.), each of which has a well-established presence in the hospital
segment of these countries.

Government regulations

In the EU, the manufacture
and sale of pharmaceutical products is regulated in a manner substantially similar to that in the United States. Legal requirements
generally prohibit the handling, manufacture, marketing and importation of any pharmaceutical product unless it is properly registered
and manufactured in accordance with applicable law. The registration file relating to any particular product must contain scientific
data related to product chemistry, efficacy and safety, including results of clinical testing and references to medical publications,
as well as detailed information regarding production methods and quality control. Regulatory authorities are authorized to suspend,
restrict or cancel the registration of a product if it is found to be harmful or ineffective, or manufactured and marketed other
than in accordance with registration conditions. Additionally, a product registration can be cancelled, if the registration is
not used for more than three years (under the regulation’s “sun-set clause”) or the renewal deadline is missed.

The activities of
pharmaceutical companies within the EU are governed in particular by Directives 2001/83/EC and 2003/94/EC and Regulation 1234/2008,
in each case as amended, and as implemented in national laws within the countries of the EU. The Directives outline the legislative
framework, including the legal basis of marketing authorization procedures, and quality standards including manufacture, patient
information and pharmacovigilance activities.

Prior approval of
a marketing authorization is required to supply products within the EU. Such marketing authorizations may be restricted to one
member state, cover a selection of member states or can be for the whole of the EU, depending upon the form of registration procedure
selected.

An abridged application
can be filed for obtaining EU marketing authorization for a generic drug. Generic or abridged applications contain limited non-clinical
and clinical data, depending upon the legal basis of the application or to address a specific issue. However, the applicant is
required to demonstrate that its generic product contains the same active pharmaceutical ingredients in an equivalent dosage form
for the same indication as the innovator product. Specific data is included in the application to demonstrate that the proposed
generic product is interchangeable to the innovator product with respect to quality, safe usage and continued efficacy. EU laws
prevent regulatory authorities from accepting applications for registration of generics that rely on the safety and efficacy data
of an innovator of a branded product until the expiration of the innovator’s data exclusivity period (usually 8 years from
the first marketing authorization in the EU, depending on the circumstances). The applicant is also required to demonstrate bioequivalence
or bioavailability, respectively, with the EU reference product. Once all these criteria are met, a marketing authorization may
be considered for grant.

Unlike in the United
States, there is no equivalent regulatory mechanism within the EU to incentivize challenge to any patent protection, nor is any
period of market exclusivity conferred upon the first generic approval. In situations where the period of data exclusivity given
to the innovator of a branded product expires before their patent expires, the launch of our product would then be delayed until
patent expiration.

Our U.K. facilities
are licensed and periodically inspected by the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agencies (“MHRA”)
good manufacturing practice Inspectorate, which has extensive enforcement powers over the activities of pharmaceutical manufacturers.
Non-compliance can result in product recall, plant closure or other penalties and restrictions. In addition, the U.K. MHRA Inspectorate
has approved and periodically inspected our manufacturing facilities based in Hyderabad, Telangana, India for the manufacture of
generic medicines for supply to Europe.

All pharmaceutical
companies that manufacture and market human medicinal products in Germany are subject to the applicable rules and regulations executed
by the Federal Institute for Drugs and Medical devices (“BfArM”) or the Paul-Ehrlich-Institut (“PEI”) and
the supervisory authorities of the respective federal state in Germany. All pharmaceutical companies in Germany are periodically
inspected by the Regierung von Oberbayern (the district government of Upper Bavaria in Germany), which has extensive enforcement
powers over the activities of pharmaceutical companies. Non-compliance can result in closure of the facility. The Regierung von
Oberbayern has also inspected our plants in Hyderabad and Visakhapatnam.

In Germany, the government
has in the past decade enacted a number of laws designed to limit pharmaceutical cost increases. During the fiscal year ended March
31, 2011, the German government introduced a new law entitled “Act on the reorganization of the pharmaceutical market in
the public health insurance” (or
“Arzneimittelmarktneuordnungsgesetz”,
commonly referred to as “AMNOG”),
which affects reimbursement of drugs within Germany’s statutory health care system in order to further control the costs
of medical care. The key elements of this law are as follows:

50

·   Historically, the pharmaceutical companies had been free to set the initial asking price for novel
drugs in the German public health system, subject to certain mandatory rebates. Under this new law, a pharmaceutical company determines
the price for a new drug or new therapeutic indication for the first year after launch, but must submit to the Joint Federal Committee
(the Gemeinsamer Bundesausschuss or “G-BA”) a benefit/risk assessment dossier on the drug at or prior to its launch.
The G-BA analyzes whether the drug shows an additional clinical benefit in comparison to a corresponding established drug (the
“appropriate comparator therapy”).

o   If an additional benefit is established, the pharmaceutical company must negotiate the price of
the drug with the Federal Association of the health insurance funds. If no agreement is reached in the negotiation, then the price
is determined pursuant to an arbitration procedure. There must be a minimum term of one year.

o   If no additional benefit is established, the drug is immediately included in a group of drugs with
comparable pharmaceutical and therapeutic characteristics, for which maximum reimbursement prices have already been set. If this
is not possible due to the drug’s novelty, then the pharmaceutical company must negotiate a reimbursement price with the
Federal Association of the health insurance funds that may not exceed the costs of the appropriate comparator therapy.

o   The prices determined pursuant to the above procedures also apply to private insurance agencies,
privately insured persons and self-payers, although they may negotiate further discounts.

o   For drugs developed specifically to treat rare medical conditions that are designated as “orphan
drugs”, the orphan drug will be presumed to have an additional benefit under certain circumstances.

·   A new regulation for packaging size had to be implemented in 2013. Standard sizes are now based
upon the duration of therapies, instead of being based on fixed quantity. Three different types of package sizes are now allowed:
N1-packages for treatment periods of 10 days; N2-packages for treatment periods of 30 days; and N3-packages for treatment periods
of 100 days.

·   The law increases the choice to patients by the use of co-payment as an option for patients opting
for a non-rebated generic drug.

In Germany, the German
Drug Law (Arzneimittelgesetz) (“AMG”), which implements EU requirements, is the primary regulation applicable to medicinal
products. In 2012, the 16
th
 Amendment to the AMG and related laws were enacted in order to implement European Directives
into national laws. Among other things, the most important changes refer to pharmacovigilance, clinical trials, protection measures
against counterfeited medicines and liberalization of German drug advertising law. These transpositions of EU legislation into
national law also took place in the United Kingdom.

The German Social
Code’s price freeze imposed on reimbursable drugs, which was due to expire at the end of 2017, was extended until December
31, 2022 for all patent free drugs launched before August 1, 2010, although the continued price freeze will not apply to medicines
subject to internal reference pricing.

New European pharmacovigilance
legislation (Regulation (EU) No 1235/2010 and Directive 2010/84/EU) was enacted in July 2012. These new requirements have not yet
been fully implemented. Implementation of the final stages will increase our administrative burdens and therefore our costs. In
2015, the European Commission introduced pharmacovigilance service fees that our industry pays for the simplification and maintenance
of the European pharmacovigilance system, as well as fees for the assessment of aggregate safety reports and protocols and study
reports mandated following a safety referral. The service fees payable for these reports are unpredictable, as the Pharmacovigilance
Risk Assessment Committee (“PRAC”) of the European Medicine Agency (“EMA”) can initiate a safety referral
for any medicine or class of medicines with a significant new safety concern at any time. The costs of such a referral and the
consequent costs of any recommendation, such as restrictions on use, cannot be predicted.

The International
Standards for Identification of Medicinal Products (“IDMP”), comprised of five International Organization for Standardization
(“ISO”) standards, were approved in 2012. These standards are designed to allow unambiguous identification of medicinal
products across companies and regions in order to support and improve pharmacovigilance and other activities. Full implementation
of these standards in the EU has been deferred, but will be implemented in a phased approach for medicinal product information.
The timing of such implementation is currently uncertain.

The submission of
medicinal product data to support pharmacovigilance has been required since 2012 in the EU. The original European database for
data regarding medicinal products, the Eudravigilance Medicinal Product Dictionary (“EVMPD”), was launched by the EMA
at the end of 2001. It was designed to standardize the collection, reporting, coding, and evaluation of authorized and investigational
medicinal product information. In 2012 it became mandatory for marketing-authorization holders to supply information to the extended
version of the EVMPD (xEVMPD or Article 57 database). However, this currently contains only a fraction of the data that eventually
will have to be submitted to the IDMP-compliant database for each authorized product in the EU. In order for us to support the
maintenance of medicinal product data in the IDMP-compliant database, we are investing in new systems and will have to make significant
changes to our processes and procedures.

51

In order to prevent
counterfeit medicines entering into the supply chain, in October 2015, as part of the Falsified Medicines Directive, the European
Commission adopted regulations providing detailed rules for the safety features appearing on the packaging of medicinal products
for human use. Accordingly, all medicinal products generally subject to prescription must bear safety features that facilitate
specifically the identification of individual packs and the verification of their authenticity. Effective as of February 9, 2019,
only those prescription drugs which have a unique serial number on the pack, and where the integrity of the pack can be seen, may
be marketed in all EU countries.

Manufacturers shall
be required to put a unique identifier code, in human readable form and in an encrypted two-dimensional matrix, on all secondary
packages and shall also be required to include an ”anti-tampering device” safety feature on packages to enable the
verification of whether the packaging of a medicinal product has been tampered with. Marketing authorization holders shall upload
the serial numbers, along with other product information, to an “EU Hub” operated by the European Medicines Verification
Organisation (“EMVO”). End users (e.g., pharmacies and wholesalers) shall be required to verify and decommission the
identifier code before handing over the package to the patient. We have invested significantly in machinery, technology and know-how,
and are cooperating with relevant international partners, to ensure our timely readiness for implementation without impacting the
supply of our products.

The impact of the
decision for the United Kingdom to exit from the EU (the “Brexit”) on pharmacovigilance operations remains unclear.
The U.K. pharmaceutical industry and the U.K. MHRA have expressed their desire to continue as full participants in the harmonized
pharmacovigilance activities of the EU and the EMA. However, which activities and procedures will remain accessible to the U.K.
marketing authorization holders (“MAHs”) post Brexit are only likely to become clear as the negotiations between the
U.K. government and the European Commission reach their conclusion.

In the event of a
no-deal or “hard” Brexit, full access to the pharmacovigilance activities of the EU and the EMA will not available
to U.K. MAHs post Brexit, As part of its Brexit planning, the U.K. MHRA is preparing to introduce parallel processes in the U.K.
which are expected to result in increased costs to the MAHs.

In the EU, there must
be at least one “Qualified Person” who is responsible for a medicinal product’s batch certification and release.
Each batch of a medicinal product placed onto the market in the EU must be tested in laboratory in the EU. The MAH’s Qualified
Person must then certify that the product is in accordance with its specification and can therefore be released to the market.
As a consequence of the Brexit, this activity will no longer be able to be conducted in the U.K. for the EU.

In preparation for
this, we are transferring Qualified Person release activities for a number of medicinal products from the U.K. to the EU so that
they can continue to be marketed in the EU.

Following
the Brexit vote, the EU moved the headquarters of the EMA from the U.K. to the Netherlands
in March 2019
.
This
 has impaired the work of the EMA, and
is expected to mean
that further development and enhancement of European pharmaceutical legislation will be put on hold until the EMA is fully established
in its new home.

In the European Union,
the term of certain pharmaceutical patents may be extended by up to five years (subject to further patent term extension under
certain conditions) through a Supplementary Patent Certificate (“SPC”). The purpose of this extension is to compensate
for the patent term lost during regulatory review processes. Effective July 2019, the European Union’s new SPC Manufacturing
Waiver Regulation exempts businesses which satisfy its conditions from infringement of a pharmaceutical product protected by a
SPC. The exemption covers the manufacture of a product for either the purpose of exporting it to countries outside the European
Union, or the purpose stockpiling inventory of such product for up to six months for launch in the European Union upon SPC expiration.

“Rest of the Worl
d”
markets of our Global Generics segment

We refer to all markets
of our Global Generics segment other than North America, Europe, Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union and Romania
and India as our “Rest of the World” markets. Our significant Rest of the World markets include China, South Africa,
Australia, Brazil, Colombia and Myanmar.

We started our operations
in China in the year 2000, by setting up a Joint Venture in the city of Kunshan, Jiangsu Province. Over the past several years,
our Joint Venture called Kunshan Rotam Reddy Pharmaceuticals Company Limited (“KRRP”) has commercialized several products.
Some of these products are manufactured by KRRP at its manufacturing plant in Kunshan while some others are imported in bulk packs,
repackaged and sold in China. In the last year, we have started manufacturing capacity expansion at the Kunshan facility.

52

Over the last few
years, we have also increased our operations with respect to the filing of dossiers and obtaining new product registrations in
China. Upon successful registration and approval by the China regulatory authorities, we intend to launch these products in the
coming years.

Further, one of our
products Olanzapine, which we had commercialized in China through a distribution and supply agreement with a Chinese company, was
successfully listed in the national volume based procurement program in September 2019.

Our revenues from
our “Rest of the World” markets were Rs.9,439 million in the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 13% as compared
to the year ended March 31, 2019. The growth is largely attributable to increased sales volumes of our existing business and new
products launched during the year ended March 31, 2020. The foregoing was partially offset by decline in revenues due to price
erosion in some of our existing products.

Global Generics
Manufacturing and Raw Materials

Manufacturing for
our Global Generics segment entails converting API into finished dosages. As of March 31, 2020, we had ten manufacturing facilities
within this segment. Nine of these facilities are located in India and one in the United States (Shreveport, Louisiana). In addition,
we also have one packaging facility in the United Kingdom. All of the facilities are designed in accordance with and are compliant
with current cGMP requirements and are used for the manufacture of tablets, hard gelatin capsules, injections, liquids and creams
for sale in India as well as other markets. All of our manufacturing sites’ laboratories and facilities are designed and
maintained to meet increasingly stringent requirements of safety and quality. All of our sites outside of India are approved by
the respective regulatory bodies in the jurisdictions where they are located.

We manufacture most
of our finished products at these facilities and also use contract manufacturing arrangements as we determine necessary. For each
of our products, we continue to identify, upgrade and develop alternate vendors as part of risk mitigation and continual improvement.

The ingredients for
the manufacture of the finished products are sourced from in-house API manufacturing facilities and from vendors, both local and
non-local. Each of these vendors undergo a thorough assessment as part of the vendor qualification process before they qualify
as an approved source. We attempt to identify more than one supplier in each drug application or make plans for alternate vendor
development from time to time, considering the supplier’s history and future product requirements. Arrangements with international
raw material suppliers are subject to, among other things, respective country regulations, various import duties and other government
clearances.

The prices of our
raw materials generally fluctuate in line with commodity cycles. Raw material expense forms the largest portion of our cost of
revenues. We evaluate and manage our commodity price risk exposure through our operating procedures and sourcing policies.

The logistics services
for storage and distribution in the United States, the European Union, Russia, South Africa, Australia and other emerging markets
are outsourced to a third party service provider.

We manufacture formulations
in various dosage forms including tablets, capsules, injections, liquids and creams. These dosage forms are then packaged, quarantined
and subject to stringent quality tests, to assure product quality before release into the market. We manufacture our key brands
for our Indian markets at our facilities in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh, to take advantage of certain fiscal benefits offered by the
Government of India, which includes partial exemption from income taxes for a specified period.

All pharmaceutical
manufacturers that sell products in any country are subject to regulations issued by the Ministry of Health (or its equivalent)
of the respective country. These regulations govern, or influence the testing, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, storing, record-keeping,
safety, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of products. Our facilities and products are periodically inspected
by various regulatory authorities such as the U.S. FDA, the U.K. MHRA, the German BfARM, the South African Medicines Control Council,
the Brazilian ANVISA, the Romanian National Medicines Agency, Ukrainian State Pharmacological Center, the local World Health Organization
and Drug Control Authority of India, all of which have extensive enforcement powers over the activities of pharmaceutical manufacturers
operating within their jurisdiction.

In November 2015,
we received a warning letter from the U.S. FDA relating to violations at our injectable oncology formulation manufacturing facility
at Duvvada, Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh. Subsequently in February 2019, the U.S. FDA issued an EIR indicating successful closure
of the audit of the oncology formulation manufacturing facility at Duvvada. Refer to Note 34 of our consolidated financial statements
under “Update on the warning letter from the U.S. FDA” for further details.

53

Pharmaceutical Services and Active
Ingredients (“PSAI”) segment

Our PSAI segment primarily
includes our business of manufacturing and marketing active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, also known as “API”,
which are the principal ingredients for finished pharmaceutical products. Active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates become
finished pharmaceutical products when the dosages are fixed in a form ready for human consumption, such as a tablet, capsule or
liquid using additional inactive ingredients. This segment also includes our contract research services business and our manufacture
and sale of steroids in accordance with specific customer requirements.

Our PSAI segment’s
revenues for the year ended March 31, 2020 were Rs.25,747 million, an increase of 7% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2019.
Our PSAI segment accounted for 15% of our total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2020.

During the year ended
March 31, 2020, we filed 98 Drug Master Files (“DMFs”) worldwide, of which 10 were filed in the United States, 10 were
filed in Europe and 78 were filed in other countries. Cumulatively, our total active DMFs filed worldwide as of March 31, 2020
were 1033, including 210(active) DMFs filed in the United States.

We produce and market
more than 130 different APIs for numerous markets. Our API business is operated independently from our Global Generics segment
and, in addition to supplying API to our Global Generics segment, our PSAI segment sells API to third parties for use in manufacturing
generic products, subject to any patent rights of other third parties.

We export API to more
than 76 countries, and our principal overseas markets in this business segment include North America (the United States and Canada)
and Europe. The research and development group within our API business contributes to our business by creating intellectual property
(principally with respect to novel and non-infringing manufacturing processes and polymorphs), providing research intended to reduce
the cost of production of our products and developing new products.

The pharmaceutical
services (contract research and manufacturing) arm of our PSAI segment was established in 2001 to leverage our strength in process
chemistry to serve the niche segment of Innovator pharmaceutical and specialty chemicals industry. Our objective is to be the preferred
partner for innovator pharmaceutical companies, providing a complete range of services that are necessary to support their innovations
to bring the new drug to the market quickly and more efficiently.

The focus is to leverage
our skills in process development, analytical development, formulation development and Current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”)
to serve outsourcing needs of innovator pharmaceutical companies. We have positioned our PSAI segment’s Custom Pharmaceutical
Services business to be the partner of choice for large, medium and emerging innovator companies across the globe, with service
offerings spanning the entire value chain of pharmaceutical services.

Effective June 1,
2020, the Custom Pharmaceutical Services has been integrated with Aurigene’s service business and commenced the integrated
business model under Aurigene Pharmaceutical Services Limited (“APSL”). APSL is a subsidiary within our group. APSL
has been formed to service the needs of Innovator customers in the areas of Medicinal Chemistry & Biology and Contract Development
and Manufacturing services for clinical and commercial needs. Our aspiration is to make APSL a global leader in offering end-to-end
integrated solutions across discovery, development and manufacturing.

Sales, Marketing and Distribution

Developed Markets.

Our PSAI segment’s principal overseas markets are the United States and Europe. Our PSAI segment’s sales to these
markets were Rs.11,704 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, and accounted for 45% of our PSAI segment’s revenues for
the year ended March 31, 2020.

In the United States
and Europe, the patent protection for a large number of high value branded pharmaceutical products expired in years ended March
31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 and this opened the market to generic products that sourced their API from our PSAI segment. However, during
the years ended March 31, 2014 through March 31, 2019, such expirations were much less frequent, which resulted in a decrease in
new opportunities in these markets for the customers of our PSAI segment. We market our products through our subsidiaries in the
United States and Europe. These subsidiaries are engaged in all aspects of marketing activity and support our customers’
pursuit of regulatory approval for their products, focusing on building long-term relationships with the customers.

Other Key Markets.

India is an important market for our PSAI segment, with total sales of Rs.3,037 million, and it accounted for 12% of the PSAI
segment’s revenues in the year ended March 31, 2020. In India, we market our API products to Indian and multinational companies,
many of whom are also our competitors in our Global Generics segment. The market in India is highly competitive, with severe pricing
pressure and competition from lower cost foreign imports in several products.

Being the highest
growing emerging market, China is a lucrative market to operate in. Our PSAI segment has a strong pipeline of products for the
Chinese market has concentrated talent deployment in the region.

54

Our PSAI segment’s
sales to all of the other markets (excluding the United States, Europe and India) was Rs.11,007 million for the year ended March
31, 2020 and accounted for 43% of our PSAI segment’s revenues for the year. Our PSAI segment’s other key markets include
Brazil, Mexico, China and Japan. While we work through our agents in these markets, our zonal marketing managers also interact
directly with our key customers in order to service their requirements. With the aim of being closer to the customers, and in their
respective time zones, our PSAI business has sales operations now in 8 markets, including India, the United States, Europe, Mexico
and Brazil. And new PSAI segment operations have been added in China, Japan and Russia during the year ended March 31, 2020, with
local sales and regulatory managers to cater to the local customer needs.

For our custom pharmaceutical
services line of business, we have focused business development teams dedicated to our key geographies of North America (the United
States and Canada), the European Union and Asia Pacific. These teams target large, medium and emerging innovator companies to build
long-term business relationships focused on catering to their outsourcing needs.

Going forward, we
expect our PSAI segment to show growth on account of our investments in newer technologies and platforms. We are also pursuing
a partnership model to enable our customers to reach more markets faster and efficiently by leveraging our cost leadership and
presence across the globe. Our PSAI Segment has been investing in digital solutions to revitalize our engagement and transparency
with our customers. We consider this as a small step in the right direction to become partner of choice for our customers.

PSAI Manufacturing

The infrastructure
for our PSAI segment consists of eight U.S. FDA-inspected plants (six in India, including one in a Special Economic Zone, one in
Mexico, and one in Mirfield, United Kingdom) and two technology development centers (one in Hyderabad, India and one in Cambridge,
United Kingdom).

India
. All
of our facilities in India are located in the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. We have the flexibility to produce quantities
that range from a few kilograms to several metric tons. The manufacturing process consumes a wide variety of raw materials that
we obtain from sources that comply with the requirements of regulatory authorities in the markets to which we supply our products.
We procure raw materials on the basis of our requirement planning cycles. We utilize a broad base of suppliers in order to minimize
risk arising from dependence on a single supplier.

In November 2015,
we received a warning letter from the U.S. FDA relating to cGMP deviations at our API manufacturing facilities at Miryalaguda,
Telangana and Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh. In June 2017, the U.S. FDA issued an EIR which indicated that the inspection of our API
manufacturing facility at Miryalaguda was successfully closed. In May 2020, we received an EIR from the U.S. FDA, for our API manufacturing
facility at Srikakulam, indicating closure of the audit and classifying the inspection of this facility as VAI. Refer to Note 34
of our consolidated financial statements under “Update on the warning letter from the U.S. FDA” for further details.

Mexico
. Our
manufacturing plant in Cuernavaca, Mexico (the “Mexico facility”) was acquired from Roche during the year ended March
31, 2006. In addition to active pharmaceutical ingredients, naproxen and naproxen sodium and a range of intermediates, the Mexico
facility manufactures steroids as active ingredients for use in human and veterinary pharmaceutical products.

United Kingdom.

The small molecules business continues to supply complex chiral APIs to customers at a range of scales. This business is also
able to provide cost effective contract development and manufacturing organization solutions to innovators developing new pharmaceutical
products, tapping into the expertise of our parent company as required. We have invested in this business to update equipment and
implement modern data acquisition systems to meet today’s stringent regulatory requirements.

For our contract research
services, we have well-resourced synthetic organic chemistry laboratories, analytical laboratories and kilo laboratories at our
technology development center at Miyapur in Hyderabad, India. Our chemists and process engineers are experts in the development
and manufacturing of products, from the pre-clinical stage to commercialization. To complete the full value chain in development
services, we also provide formulation development services. We have facilities for pre-formulation and formulation development,
analytical development, clinical trial supplies, pilot scale and product regulatory support. Larger quantities of APIs can be manufactured
from our API plants in India, the United Kingdom and Mexico. We also offer end to end project management support for effective
deliveries.

Our contract research
and manufacturing business is uniquely positioned in the market where it utilizes assets (both in terms of physical assets and
technical know-how) of a vertically integrated pharmaceutical company and combines this with the service model which we have built
over the years.

Raw Materials

Raw material expense
forms the largest portion of our cost of revenues. Raw materials consist of fine chemicals, bulk chemicals, solvents, catalysts,
and basic and advanced intermediates. The prices of these raw materials generally fluctuate in line with commodity cycles, demand
supply situations and changes to government policies. We evaluate and manage our commodity price risk exposure through periodical
supply contracts as well as agile and responsive sourcing procedures

55

Competition

The global API market
can broadly be divided into regulated and less regulated markets. The less regulated markets offer low entry barriers in terms
of regulatory requirements and intellectual property rights. The regulated markets, like the United States and Europe, have high
entry barriers in terms of intellectual property rights and regulatory requirements, including facility approvals. As a result,
there is a premium for quality and regulatory compliance along with relatively greater stability for both volumes and prices. As
an API supplier, we compete with a number of manufacturers within and outside India, which vary in size. Our main competitors in
this segment are Divis Laboratories Limited, Aurobindo Pharma Limited, Cipla Limited, Mylan Laboratories Limited, Sun Pharmaceutical
Industries Limited and MSN Laboratories Limited, all based or operating in India. In addition, we experience competition from European
and Chinese manufacturers, as well as from Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Limited, based in Israel.

With respect to our
custom pharmaceuticals business, we believe that contract research and manufacturing is a significant opportunity for Indian pharmaceutical
companies, based on their strengths of a skilled workforce and low-cost manufacturing infrastructure. Key competitors in India
include Divis Laboratories Limited, Dishman Pharmaceuticals & Chemicals Limited and Piramal Enterprises Ltd. Key competitors
from outside India include Lonza Group, AMRI Inc., Patheon Inc., Catalent Inc., Cambrex Inc., and WuXi PharmaTech. We distinguish
ourselves from Indian competitors by offering a wider range of services spanning the entire pharmaceutical value chain. The inspection
of our CPS facility in Hyderabad, India was completed by the U.S. FDA on September 21, 2017 with zero observations, and
the U.S. FDA issued an EIR in December 2017. This facility also follows rigorous Safety and Information Security practices and
is certified against ISO 27001:2013 standards for information security.

For competitors from
outside India, we distinguish ourselves through cost effectiveness. Keeping on par with the advancements in technology and changing
needs of the innovator and mid-sized pharmaceutical companies, we are positioning ourselves in niche technologies. With growth
in contract research and manufacturing services likely to be driven by increased outsourcing by small and medium size pharmaceutical
companies, particularly those focused on biotechnology and therapy, we expect India to emerge as an alliance and outsourcing destination
of choice due to speed, skill and cost advantage.

Government regulations

All pharmaceutical
companies that manufacture and market drugs and cosmetics in India are subject to various national and state laws and regulations,
which principally include the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules 1945, the Drugs (Prices Control)
Order, 1995, various environmental laws and other government statutes and regulations. These regulations govern the manufacturing,
testing, packaging, labeling, storing, recordkeeping, safety, approval, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products.

In India, manufacturing
licenses for drugs, cosmetics and medical devices are generally issued by state drug authorities. Under the Drugs and Cosmetics
Act, 1940, the state drug administration agencies are empowered to issue manufacturing licenses for drugs if they are approved
for marketing in India by the Drug Controller General of India (“DCGI”). Prior to granting licenses for any new drugs
or combinations of new drugs, the DCGI clearance has to be obtained in accordance with the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940.

We submit a DMF for
active pharmaceutical ingredients to be commercialized in the United States. Any drug product for which an ANDA is being filed
must have a DMF in place with respect to a particular supplier supplying the underlying API. The manufacturing facilities are inspected
by the U.S. FDA to assess compliance with cGMP. The manufacturing facilities and production procedures must meet U.S. FDA standards.

For European markets,
we submit a European DMF and, wherever applicable, obtain a certificate of suitability from European Directorate for the Quality
of Medicines.

Proprietary Products Segment

Our Proprietary Products
segment focuses on the research, development, and commercialization of differentiated formulations by building a strong pipeline
of high value, globally relevant products in therapeutic areas of high unmet need and commercializing these pipeline products through
partnerships to maximize value.

Our efforts primarily
focus on repurposing or improving the clinical properties of already approved and well-characterized APIs for application in the
targeted disease areas. We achieve this by utilizing internal resources as well as efficiently collaborating with leading technology
and platform based companies and service providers, tapping into their expertise areas across different phases of the development
process. We continue to progress towards building a diversified portfolio with a sustainable mix of branded proprietary formulations
generated through research and development with significantly reduced fixed costs.

56

Our research and development
efforts have a unique “medicines-to-molecules” approach to product development. In this approach, we identify areas
of medical need and then leverage in an integrated manner the disciplines of biology, chemistry, drug delivery, clinical development,
regulatory and commercial positioning to develop differentiated formulations.

Our research and development
model is both in-house and virtual (i.e., operations are outsourced, subject to our supervision of strategic and project management
functions), and follows these core principles:

·   develop creative research and development investment models and partnerships to access external
innovation focused on leveraging, rather than replicating, unique core competencies;

·   select assets based on potential for early risk mitigation, both with respect to product development
and commercialization; and

·   leverage knowledge and presence in emerging markets (India and other developing countries) to maximize
cost advantages.

Our principal research
laboratory is based in Hyderabad, India. As of March 31, 2020, we employed a total of 65 scientists, including 14 scientists who
hold Ph.D. degrees and four with a M.D. degree.

Pipeline Status

As of March 31, 2020,
we have four late stage projects at various stages of development, ranging from products that have completed Phase 2 clinical trials
to products that are undergoing investigation for U.S. FDA approval. In addition, we have multiple other programs in the early
stages of development (i.e., exploratory stage through Phase 2) in our pipeline.

The details of our
late stage assets and the products for which an NDA has been filed and pending U.S FDA approval are as follows:

Compound   DFD-11 (Xeglyze™)   PPC-06 (Tepilamide Fumarate)
Therapeutic Area   Pediatrics   Dermatology
Indication   Treatment of head lice in patients 6 months of age or older.   Treatment of plaque psoriasis in patients 18 years of age or older.
Significant developments during the period   Under review with the U.S. FDA.   Phase 2b study completed.
Significant patents associated with the compound   Three patents were granted in the U.S.A., with estimated expiration in 2026 and one notice of allowance was received that will expire in 2034. Patents were also granted in Australia, Canada, India, and New Zealand. Some other patent applications are pending in certain countries, including the U.S.A.   A total of ten patents were granted, with estimated expiration
        of the last of such patents in 2035 in the U.S.A. In addition, one notice of allowance has been received. Patents were also granted in multiple other countries such as
        Australia, China, Europe, Japan and Russia, with estimated expiration in 2029. There are also other patent applications pending
        in the U.S.A. and some other countries.
Current status/ expected NDA filing*   NDA was submitted in September 2015 and we received a complete response letter (“CRL”) from the U.S. FDA in August 2016. The Prescription Drug User Fee Act (“PDUFA”) date is August 12, 2020.   Phase 2b studies have been concluded and finalization of the clinical study report is ongoing.

57

[Continued from prior table, first column
repeated]

Compound   E7777   DFD-29 (Low dose
    minocycline)
Therapeutic Area   Hematology-Oncology   Dermatology
Indication   Treatment of Cutaneous T Cell Lymphoma.   Treatment of Papulopustular rosacea.
Significant developments during the period   Approval enabling studies ongoing and nearing completion.   Successful completion of Phase 2
Significant patents associated with the compound   None.   Two patent applications have been filed with the USPTO and one PCT application filed.*
Current status/ expected NDA filing**   Approval enabling study is ongoing. Submission of a biologics license application to the U.S. FDA is planned in 2021.   Estimated NDA filing is May 2022

*   “USPTO” means the United States Patent and Trademark Office. “PCT” means
the Patent Cooperation Treaty, an international treaty that facilitates foreign patent filings for residents of member countries
when obtaining patents in other member countries.

**   The timelines for expected filing may change due to various factors, including outcome of Phase
3 studies, completion of Integrated Summary of Safety/Integrated Summary of Effectiveness (“ISS/ISE”), outcome of stability
data and internal reprioritization of portfolio.

Details regarding
certain of other late stage pipeline assets are as follows:

·   DFD-03 (Tazarotene Lotion): During the year ended March 31, 2020, review of the Phase 3 data indicated
that the studies were unsuccessful and do not support the filing of the NDA, which has been withdrawn.

·   DFN-15 (Celecoxib Oral Solution): U.S. FDA approval was received on May 5, 2020.

Patents
. Our Proprietary Products
segment has created a strong patent portfolio, with 132 grants by the USPTO with a validity of 10+ years. Following is the patent
applications filed/granted status as of March 31, 2020:

Category   USPTO (1) (# Filed)   USPTO (1) (# Granted)   PCT (2) (# Filed)   India (# Filed)   India (# Granted)
Anti-diabetic   85   17   62   117   45
Anti-cancer   18   11   14   45   15
Anti-bacterial   8   7   10   22   4
Anti-inflammation/cardiovascular   47   27   35   26   3
Anti-ulcerant   1   1   -   1   -
Miscellaneous   27   25   4   29   11
Differentiated formulations   66   44   27   64   5
Total   252   132   152   304   83

(1)
 “USPTO” means
the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

(2)
“PCT” means
the Patent Cooperation Treaty, an international treaty that facilitates foreign patent filings for residents of member countries
when obtaining patents in other member countries.

Competition

The pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industries are highly competitive. We face intense competition from organizations such as large and small pharmaceutical
companies and biotechnology companies. The major pharmaceutical organizations competing with us have greater capital resources,
larger overall research and development staff and facilities, and considerably more experience in drug development. Biotechnology
companies competing with us may have these advantages as well.

In addition to competition
from collaborators and investors, these companies and institutions also compete with us in recruiting and retaining highly qualified
scientific and management personnel.

58

Government regulations

Virtually all pharmaceutical
and biologics products that we or our collaborative partners develop will require regulatory approval by governmental agencies
prior to commercialization. The nature and extent to which these regulations apply varies depending on the nature of the products
and also vary from country to country. In particular, human pharmaceutical products are subject to rigorous nonclinical and clinical
testing and other approval procedures by the relevant regulatory agency. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials,
product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country

In order to market
a drug in the United States, we or our partners are subject to regulatory requirements governing human clinical trials, marketing
approval and post-marketing activities for pharmaceutical products and biologics. Various federal, and in some cases state, statutes
and regulations also govern or influence the manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage, record-keeping and marketing of these products.
The process of obtaining these approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations is time consuming
and requires substantial resources, and the approval outcome is uncertain.

Stages of Testing
Development.
The stages of testing required before a pharmaceutical product can be marketed in the United States are generally
as follows:

Stage of Development   Description
Nonclinical   Animal studies and laboratory tests to evaluate safety and efficacy, demonstrate activity of a product candidate and identify its chemical and physical properties.
Phase 1   Clinical studies to test safety and pharmacokinetic profile of a drug in normal human subjects.
Phase 2   Clinical studies conducted with groups of patients to determine preliminary efficacy, dosage and expanded evidence of safety.
Phase 3   Larger scale clinical studies conducted in patients to provide sufficient data for statistical proof of efficacy and safety.

For ethical, scientific
and legal reasons, animal studies are required in the discovery and safety evaluation of new medicines. Nonclinical tests assess
the potential safety and efficacy of a product candidate in animal models. The results of these studies must be submitted to the
U.S. FDA as part of an Investigational New Drug (“IND”) application before human testing may proceed.

U.S. law further requires
that studies conducted to support approval for product marketing be “adequate and well controlled.” In general, this
means that either a placebo or a product already approved for the treatment of the disease or condition under study must be used
as a reference control. Studies must also be conducted in compliance with good clinical practice requirements, and adverse event
and other reporting requirements must be followed.

The clinical trial
process can take five to ten years or more to complete, and there can be no assurance that the data collected in compliance with
good clinical practice regulations will demonstrate that the product is safe or effective, or, in the case of a biologic product,
pure and potent, or will provide sufficient data to support U.S. FDA approval of the product. The U.S. FDA may place clinical trials
on hold at any point in this process if, among other reasons, it concludes that clinical subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable
health risk. Trials may also be terminated by Institutional Review Boards (“IRBs”) or Ethics Committees (“ECs”),
which must review and approve all research involving human subjects. Side effects or adverse events that are reported during clinical
trials can delay, impede, or prevent marketing authorization.

After completion of
clinical trials of a new product, U.S. FDA marketing approval must be obtained. If the product is classified as a new pharmaceutical,
we or our collaborator are required to file a NDA, and receive approval before commercial marketing of the drug. The testing and
approval processes require substantial time and effort. NDAs submitted to the U.S. FDA can take several years to obtain approval
and the U.S. FDA is not obligated to grant approval at all.

Even if U.S. FDA regulatory
clearances are obtained, a marketed product is subject to continual review. If and when the U.S. FDA approves any of our or our
collaborators’ products under development, the manufacture and marketing of these products are subject to continuing regulation,
including compliance with cGMP, adverse event reporting requirements and prohibitions on promoting a product for unapproved uses.
Later discovery of previously unknown problems or failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may result in restrictions
on the marketing of a product or withdrawal of the product from the market as well as possible civil or criminal sanctions. Various
federal and, in some cases, state statutes and regulations also govern or influence the manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage,
record keeping and marketing of pharmaceutical products.

Our research and development
processes involve the controlled use of hazardous materials and controlled substances. We are subject to federal, state and local
laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and waste products.

59

Commercialization

In January and February
2016, we received U.S. FDA approval of our New Drug Applications (each, a “NDA”) for two products – our dermatology
product SERNIVO
®
 and our neurology product ZEMBRACE
®
. Both products were launched in the U.S. market
during the year ended March 31, 2017. In May and November 2017, we received U.S. FDA approval for two dermatology products
– DFD-10 (minocycline hydrochloride) and DFD-06, Impoyz
®
 our brand of clobetasol propionate cream. Furthermore,
in January 2019, we received U.S. FDA approval for TOSYMRA
®
, our brand of sumatriptan intranasal spray (DFN-02).

In August 2017, we
sold the future development, manufacturing and commercialization rights for DFD-06, a topical high potency steroid, to Encore Dermatology
Inc. During the three months ended September 30, 2018, we sold our rights for Cloderm
®
 (clocortolone pivalate) Cream
0.1% and its authorized generic to EPI Health, LLC, an affiliate of EPI Group, LLC.

In March 2019 we sold
to Encore Dermatology Inc. our rights for SERNIVO
®
 (betamethasone dipropionate) Spray 0.05% and assigned them our
rights to market and distribute PROMISEB
®
 topical cream and TRIANEX
®
 0.05% (triamcinolone acetonide
ointment, USP) in the United States.

In June 2019, we sold
to Upsher-Smith Laboratories, LLC, our U.S. and select territory rights for ZEMBRACE
®
 SYMTOUCH
®
 (sumatriptan
injection) 3 mg and TOSYMRA
®
 (sumatriptan nasal spray) 10 mg, (formerly referred to as “DFN-02”).

4.C.
Organizational structure

Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories Limited is the parent company in our group. Refer to Note 42 of our consolidated financial statements for a list of
our subsidiaries and joint ventures.

60

4.D.
Property, plant and equipment

Our principal executive
offices are located in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. Our business operates through a number of subsidiaries having offices, research
facilities and production sites throughout the world. The following table sets forth current information relating to our principal
facilities:

Sl No.   Name/Location   Approximate Area (Square feet)   Segments Which Primarily Use
Within India
1   API Hyderabad Plant 1, Telangana, India   645,995   Global Generics and PSAI
2   API Hyderabad Plant 2, Telangana, India   781,379   Global Generics and PSAI
3   API Hyderabad Plant 3, Telangana, India   644,805   Global Generics and PSAI
4   API Nalgonda Plant, Telangana, India   3,397,680   Global Generics and PSAI
5   API Srikakulam Plant, Andhra Pradesh, India   4,027,688   Global Generics and PSAI
6   API Srikakulam Plant (SEZ), Andhra Pradesh, India   9,917,739   Global Generics and PSAI
7   Technology Development Centre Hyderabad 1, Telangana, India   113,256   Global Generics and PSAI
8   Technology Development Centre Hyderabad 2, Telangana, India   68,825   Global Generics and PSAI
9   Integrated Product Development Center (Pilot Plant), Telangana, India (1)   271,379   Global Generics
10   Formulations Hyderabad Plant 2, Telangana, India   3,207,826   Global Generics
11   Formulations Baddi Plant 1, Himachal Pradesh, India   728,234   Global Generics
12   Formulations Baddi Plant 2, Himachal Pradesh, India   381,342   Global Generics
13   Biologics Hyderabad, Telangana, India   1,242,767   Global Generics
14   Formulations Hyderabad Plant 3, Telangana, India   1,539,089   Global Generics
15   Formulations Srikakulam Plant 1 (SEZ), Andhra Pradesh, India   879,041   Global Generics
16   Formulations Srikakulam Plant 2 (SEZ), Andhra Pradesh, India   334,105   Global Generics
17   Formulations Srikakulam Plant 11, Andhra Pradesh, India   740,520   Global Generics
18   Formulations Visakhapatnam Plant 1 (SEZ), Andhra Pradesh, India   582,206   Global Generics
19   Formulations Visakhapatnam Plant 2 (SEZ), Andhra Pradesh, India   544,322   Global Generics
20   Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited, Hyderabad, Telangana, India   187,308   Others
21   Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India   689,216   Others
22   Integrated Product Development Center, Bengaluru, India   29,500   Global Generics
23   Integrated Product Development Center, Telangana, India   103,350   Global Generics, PSAI and Proprietary
Outside India
24   API Cuernavaca Plant, Mexico   2,361,840   Global Generics and PSAI
25   API Mirfield Plant, United Kingdom   1,785,960   Global Generics and PSAI
26   API Middleburgh Plant, New York, United States   292,000   Global Generics
27   Technology Development Centre, Cambridge, United Kingdom   32,966   Global Generics and PSAI

(1)   During the year ended March 31, 2020, the Formulation Hyderabad Plant 1 which was used for commercial
manufacturing of the product is now converted into Integrated Product Development Center.

61

Sl No.   Name/Location   Approximate Area (Square feet)   Segments Which Primarily Use
28   Technology Development Centre, Leiden, the Netherlands   56,500   Global Generics and PSAI
29   Formulations Beverley Plant, East Yorkshire, United Kingdom   81,000   Global Generics
30   Formulations Shreveport Plant, Louisiana, United States   2,349,251   Global Generics
31   Aurigene Discovery Technologies, Malaysia   5,672   Others

We generally own our
facilities. However, some of our sites (primarily office space) are leased. All properties identified above, including leased properties,
are either used for manufacturing and packaging of pharmaceutical products or for research and development activities. In addition
to the above, we have sales, marketing and administrative offices, some of which are owned and some others are leased properties.

Global Generics

During the year ended
March 31, 2019, we expanded our biosimilars facility in Hyderabad, Telangana, India to meet growing demand in emerging markets.
We also established a new injectable products manufacturing facility, “Formulations Srikakulam Plant 11”, located at
Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh, India. This facility helps us meet the increasing demand for such injectable products in some of our
key markets.

During the year ended
March 31, 2019, we obtained approvals from the U.S. FDA for products to be manufactured from a recently commissioned oral solid
dosage form facility, “Formulations Srikakulam Plant 2 (SEZ)”, in a special economic zone located in Srikakulam, Andhra
Pradesh, India. This plant, which began commercial operations from April 2019, manufactures products of our Global Generics segment.

Material plans to construct, expand
and improve facilities

As of March 31, 2020,
we had capital work-in-progress of Rs.4,521 million and capital commitments of Rs.4,888 million for expansion of our manufacturing
and research facilities, primarily relating to facilities located in India, the United States and Mexico. Our current capital work-in-progress
and capital commitments primarily consist of projects to enhance the capacity of our formulations and API manufacturing facilities
at Visakhapatnam. We currently intend to finance our additional expansion plans entirely through our operating cash flows and through
cash and other investments. A majority of these projects are expected to be completed during the fiscal years ending March 31,
2021 and March 31, 2022.

Environmental laws and regulations

We are subject to
significant national and state environmental laws and regulations which govern the discharge, emission, storage, handling and disposal
of a variety of substances that may be used in or result from our operations at the above facilities. Non-compliance with the applicable
laws and regulations may subject us to penalties and may also result in the closure of our facilities.

ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

62

ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
AND PROSPECTS

Overview

We are an integrated
global pharmaceutical company committed to accelerating access to affordable and innovative medicines. We derive our revenues from
the sale of finished dosage forms, active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, development and manufacturing services
provided to innovator pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and license fees from marketing authorizations for our products.

The Chief Operating
Decision Maker (“CODM”) evaluates our performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance
indicators by operating segments. The CODM reviews revenue and gross profit as the performance indicator for all of the operating
segments, and does not review the total assets and liabilities of an operating segment. Our Co-Chairman and Managing Director is
the CODM of our company.

Our reportable operating
segments are as follows:

·   Global Generics;

·   Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients;

·   Proprietary Products; and

·   Others.

Global Generics.

This segment consists of our business of manufacturing and marketing prescription and over-the-counter finished pharmaceutical
products ready for consumption by the patient, marketed under a brand name (branded formulations) or as generic finished dosages
with therapeutic equivalence to branded formulations (generics). This segment includes the operations of our biologics business.

Pharmaceutical
Services and Active Ingredients
. This segment primarily consists of our business of manufacturing and marketing active
pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, also known as “API”, which are the principal ingredients for finished
pharmaceutical products. Active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates become finished pharmaceutical products when the dosages
are fixed in a form ready for human consumption such as a tablet, capsule or liquid using additional inactive ingredients. This
segment also includes our contract research services business and our manufacture and sale of active pharmaceutical ingredients
and steroids in accordance with the specific customer requirements.

Proprietary
Products.
 This segment consists of our business that focuses on the research and development of differentiated formulations.
The segment is expected to earn revenues arising out of monetization of such assets and subsequent royalties, if any.

Others.
This
segment consists of the operations of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited (“ADTL”),
a discovery stage biotechnology company developing novel and best-in-class therapies in the fields of oncology and inflammation.
ADTL works with established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies through customized models of drug-discovery collaborations.

The measurement of
each segment’s revenues, expenses and assets is consistent with the accounting policies that are used in preparation of our
consolidated financial statements.

Critical Accounting Policies

Critical accounting
policies are defined as those that in our view are the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and
that require the most exercise of management’s judgment. We consider the policies discussed under the following paragraphs
to be critical for an understanding of our financial statements. The basis for preparation of our financial statements, significant
accounting policies and application of these are discussed in detail in Notes 2 and 3 to our consolidated financial statements.

Accounting estimates and judgments

While preparing financial
statements in conformity with IFRS, we make certain estimates and assumptions that require difficult, subjective and complex judgments.
These judgments affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income and expenses,
disclosure of contingent liabilities at the statement of financial position date and the reported amount of income and expenses
for the reporting period. Financial reporting results rely on our estimate of the effect of certain matters that are inherently
uncertain. Future events rarely develop exactly as forecast and the best estimates require adjustments, as actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on
the most recently available information.

63

Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. In particular, information
about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgments are as below:

·   Measurement of recoverable amounts of cash-generating units;

·   Measurement of transaction price in a revenue transaction (Sales returns, rebates and chargeback
provisions);

·   Evaluation of recoverability of deferred tax assets, and estimation of income tax payable and income
tax expense in relation to uncertain tax position; and

·   Contingencies

New accounting standards adopted by
the Company

IFRS 16, “
Leases”

In January 2016, the
IASB issued a new standard, IFRS 16,
“Leases”
. IFRS 16 replaces the existing standard on leases (i.e., IAS 17,

“Leases”)
 effective for accounting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. The new standard brings most
leases on-balance sheet for lessees under a single model, eliminating the distinction between operating and finance leases. Lessor
accounting, however, remains largely unchanged and the distinction between operating and finance leases is retained.

Impact of the implementation of IFRS
16 on the Company:

We adopted IFRS 16
effective as of April 1, 2019. IFRS 16,
“Leases”
 changed our financial statements as the majority of leases
for which we were lessee became on-balance sheet liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets also recognized on the statements
of financial position. The lease liability reflects the net present value of the remaining lease payments adjusted for payments
made before the commencement date, lease incentives and other items related to the lease agreement, and the right-of-use asset
corresponds to the lease liability.

Upon adoption of the
new standard, a portion of the annual operating lease costs, which was previously fully recognized as a functional expense, is
recorded as interest expense. In addition, the portion of the lease payments which represents the reduction of the lease liability
is recognized in the statements of cash flows as an outflow from financing activities, which was previously fully recognized as
an outflow from operating activities.

In implementing the
new standard on April 1, 2019, we applied the modified retrospective method, with right-of-use assets measured at an amount equal
to the lease liability, adjusted by the amount of the prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to those leases recognized in
the statements of financial position immediately before the date of initial application, and will not restate prior years.

We elected to use
the transition practical expedient that allows the standard to be applied only to contracts previously identified under IAS 17,

“Leases”
 and the contracts assessed using the guidance available under IFRIC 4,
“Determining Whether
an Arrangement Contains a Lease”
.

We also elected to
use the recognition exemption for lease contracts that, at the commencement date, have a lease term of 12 months or less and do
not contain a purchase option (“short-term leases”) and lease contracts for which the underlying asset is of low value
(“low value assets”).

On April 1, 2019,
we recognized lease liabilities of Rs.1,335 million (presented as part of borrowings) and right-of-use assets of Rs.1,153 million,
after adjustments of Rs.182 million towards lease incentives and other items related to the lease agreement as at March 31, 2019
(presented as part of Property, plant and equipment).

Consequently, we have
recognized an amount of Rs.491 million in depreciation expense and Rs.230 million in finance costs for the year ended March 31,
2020.

Adoption of the new
standard had no impact upon leases for which we were lessor.

IFRIC 23,
“Uncertainty over
Income Tax Treatments”

On June 7, 2017, the
IFRS Interpretations Committee issued IFRIC 23,
“Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments”
, which clarifies how
the recognition and measurement requirements of IAS 12,
“Income Taxes”
, are applied where there is uncertainty
over income tax treatments.

IFRIC 23 explains
how to recognize and measure deferred and current income tax assets and liabilities where there is uncertainty over a tax treatment.
An uncertain tax treatment is any tax treatment applied by an entity where there is uncertainty over whether that treatment will
be accepted by the applicable tax authority. For example, a decision to claim a deduction for a specific expense or not to include
a specific item of income in a tax return is an uncertain tax treatment if its acceptability is uncertain under applicable tax
law. The interpretation provides specific guidance in several areas where previously IAS 12 was silent. IFRIC 23 applies to all
aspects of income tax accounting where there is an uncertainty regarding the treatment of an item, including taxable profit or
loss, the tax bases of assets and liabilities, tax losses and credits and tax rates.

64

We applied the interpretation
effective April 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective approach. The adoption of IFRIC 23 did not have any material impact on
our consolidated financial statements.

Accounting policy relating to Revenue
from contract with customers

Our
revenue is derived from sales of goods, service income and income from licensing arrangements. Most of such revenue is generated
from the sale of goods. We have generally concluded that we are the principal in our revenue arrangements.

Accounting
policies relating to revenue for the periods after March 31, 2018 are as follows:

Sale of goods

Revenue
is recognized when the control of the goods has been transferred to a third party. This is usually when the title passes to the
customer, either upon shipment or upon receipt of goods by the customer. At that point, the customer has full discretion over the
channel and price to sell the products, and there are no unfulfilled obligations that could affect the customer’s acceptance
of the product.

Revenue
from the sale of goods is measured at the transaction price, which is the consideration received or receivable, net of returns,
taxes and applicable trade discounts and allowances. Revenue includes shipping and handling costs billed to the customer.

In
arriving at the transaction price, we consider the terms of the contract with the customer and our customary business practices.
The transaction price is the amount of consideration we are entitled to receive in exchange for transferring promised goods or
services, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The amount of consideration varies because of estimated rebates,
returns and chargebacks, which are considered to be key estimates. Any amount of variable consideration is recognized as revenue
only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur. We estimate the amount of variable consideration
using the expected value method.

Presented
below are the points of recognition of revenue with respect to our sales of goods:

Particulars   Point of recognition of revenue
Sales of generic products in India   Upon delivery of products to distributors by our clearing and forwarding agents. Control over the generic products is transferred by us when the goods are delivered to distributors from clearing and forwarding agents.
Sales of active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates in India   Upon delivery of products to customers (generally formulation manufacturers) from our factories.
Export sales and other sales outside of India   Upon delivery of the products to the customers unless the terms of the applicable contract provide for specific revenue generating activities to be completed, in which case revenue is recognized once all such activities are completed.

Profit share
revenues

From
time to time, we enter into marketing arrangements with certain business partners for the sale of our products in certain markets.
Under such arrangements, we sell our products to the business partners at a non-refundable base purchase price agreed upon in the
arrangement and are also entitled to a profit share which is over and above the base purchase price. The profit share is typically
dependent on the business partner’s ultimate net sale proceeds or net profits, subject to any reductions or adjustments that
are required by the terms of the arrangement. Such arrangements typically require the business partner to provide confirmation
of units sold and net sales or net profit computations for the products covered under the arrangement.

Revenue in an amount
equal to the base sale price is recognized in these transactions upon delivery of products to the business partners. An additional
amount representing the profit share component is recognized as revenue only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant
reversal will not occur.

At the end of each
reporting period, we update the estimated transaction price (including updating our assessment of whether an estimate of variable
consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes
in circumstances during the reporting period.

65

Out licensing
arrangements, milestone payments and royalties

Our
revenues also include amounts derived from product out-licensing agreements. These arrangements typically consist of an initial
up-front payment on inception of the license, and subsequent payments dependent on achieving certain milestones in accordance with
the terms prescribed in the agreement.

In
cases where the transaction has two or more components, we account for the delivered item (for example, the transfer of title to
the intangible asset) as a separate unit of accounting and record revenue upon delivery of that component, provided that we can
make a reasonable estimate of the fair value of the undelivered component. Otherwise, non-refundable up-front license fees received
in connection with product out-licensing agreements are deferred and recognized over the balance period in which we have pending
performance obligations.

Milestone
payments which are contingent on achieving certain clinical milestones are recognized as revenues either upon achievement of such
milestones or over the performance period, depending on the terms of the contract. If milestone payments are creditable against
future royalty payments, then the milestones are deferred and released over the period in which the royalties are anticipated to
be paid.

Royalty
income earned through a license is recognized when the underlying sales have occurred.

Provision
for chargeback, rebates, sales returns and discounts

In our North America
Generics business, our gross revenues are significantly reduced by chargebacks, rebates, sales returns, discounts, shelf stock
adjustments, Medicaid payments and similar “gross-to-net” adjustments. Each of such adjustments are discussed in detail
below.

·   Chargebacks : Chargebacks are issued to wholesalers for the difference between our invoice
price to the wholesaler and the contract price through which the product is resold in the retail part of the supply chain. The
information that we consider for establishing a chargeback accrual includes the historical average chargeback rate over a period
of time, current contract prices with wholesalers and other customers, and estimated inventory holding by the wholesaler. With
this methodology, we believe that the results are more realistic and closest to the potential chargeback claims that may be received
in the future period relating to inventory on which a claim is yet to be received as at the end of the reporting period. In addition,
as part of our book closure process, a chargeback validation is performed in which we track and reconcile the volume of inventory
sold for which we should carry an appropriate provision for chargeback. We procure the inventory holding statements and data through
an electronic data interface with our wholesalers (representing approximately 95% of the total value of chargebacks outstanding
at every year end reporting date) as part of this reconciliation. On the basis of this volume reconciliation, chargeback accrual
is validated. For the chargeback rate computation, we consider different contract prices for each product across our customer base.
This chargeback rate is adjusted (if necessary) on a periodic basis for expected future price reductions.

·   Shelf Stock Adjustments: Shelf stock adjustments are credits issued to customers to reflect
decreases in the selling price of products sold by us, and are accrued when the prices of certain products decline as a result
of increased competition or otherwise. These credits are customary in the pharmaceutical industry, and are intended to reduce the
customer inventory cost to better reflect the current market prices. The determination to grant a shelf stock adjustment to a customer
is based on the terms of the applicable contract, which may or may not specifically limit the age of the stock on which a credit
would be offered.

·   Rebates : Rebates (direct and indirect) are generally provided to customers as an incentive
to stock and sell our products. Rebate amounts are based on a customer’s purchases made during an applicable period. Rebates
are paid to wholesalers, chain drug stores, health maintenance organizations or pharmacy buying groups under a contract with us.
We determine our estimates of rebate accruals primarily based on the contracts entered into with our wholesalers and other direct
customers and the information received from them for secondary sales made by them. For direct rebates, liability is accrued whenever
we invoice to direct customers. For indirect rebates, the accruals are based on a representative weighted average percentage of
the contracted rebate amount applied to inventory sold and delivered by us to wholesalers or other direct customers.

·   Refund Liability: We account for sales returns accrual by recording refund liability concurrent
with the recognition of revenue at the time of a product sale. This liability is based on our estimate of expected sales returns.
We deal in various products. Accordingly, our estimate of sales returns is determined primarily by our historical experience. With
respect to established products, we determine an estimate of sales returns provision primarily based on historical experience of
such sales returns. Additionally, other factors that we consider in determining the estimate include levels of inventory in the
distribution channel, estimated shelf life, product discontinuances, price changes of competitive products, and introduction of
competitive new products, to the extent each of these factors impact our business and markets. We consider all of these factors
and adjust the sales return provision to reflect our actual experience. With respect to new products introduced by us, those have
historically been either extensions of an existing product line where we have historical experience or in a general therapeutic
category where established products exist and are sold either by us or our competitors. We have not yet introduced products in
a new therapeutic category where the sales returns experience of such products by us or our competitors (as we understand based
on industry publications) is not known. The amount of sales returns for our newly launched products have not historically differed
significantly from sales returns experience of the then current products marketed by us or our competitors (as we understand based
on industry publications). Accordingly, we do not expect sales returns for new products to be significantly different from expected
sales returns of current products. We evaluate sales returns of all our products at the end of each reporting period and record
necessary adjustments, if any.

66

·   Medicaid: We estimate the portion of our sales that may get dispensed to customers covered
under Medicaid programs based on the proportion of units sold in the previous two quarters for which a Medicaid claim could be
received as compared to the total number of units sold in the previous two quarters. The proportion is based on an analysis of
the actual Medicaid claims received for the preceding four quarters. In addition, we also apply the same percentage on the derived
estimated inventory sold and delivered by us to our wholesalers and other direct customers to arrive at the potential volume of
products on which a Medicaid claim could be received. We use this approach because we believe that it corresponds to the approximate
six month time period it takes for us to receive claims from the various Medicaid programs. After estimating the number of units
on which a Medicaid claim is to be paid, we use the latest available Medicaid reimbursement rate per unit to calculate the Medicaid
accrual. In the case of new products, accruals are done based on specific inputs from our marketing team or data from the publications
of IQVIA.

·   Cash Discounts: We offer cash discounts to our customers, generally at 2% of the gross sales
price, as an incentive for paying within invoice terms, which generally range from 30 to 95 days. Accruals for such cash discounts
do not involve any significant variables, and the estimates are based on the gross sales price and agreed cash discount percentage
at the time of invoicing.

We believe our estimation
processes are reasonable methods of determining accruals for the “gross-to-net” adjustments. Chargeback accrual accounts
for the highest element among the “gross-to-net” adjustments, and constituted approximately 77% of such “gross-to-net”
adjustments for our North America Generics business for the year ended March 31, 2020. For the purpose of the following discussion,
we are therefore restricting our explanations to this specific element. While chargeback accruals depend on multiple variables,
the most pertinent variables are our estimates of inventories on which a chargeback claim is yet to be received and the unit price
at which the chargeback will be processed. To determine the chargeback accrual applicable for a reporting period, we perform the
following procedures to calculate these two variables:

a)   Estimated inventory —Inventory volumes on which a chargeback claim that is expected
to be received in the future are determined using the validation process and methodology described above (see “Chargebacks”
above). When such a validation process is performed, we note that the difference represents an immaterial variation. Therefore,
we believe that our estimation process in regard to this variable is reasonable.

b)   Unit pricing rate —At any point in time, inventory volumes on which we carry our chargeback
accrual represents approximately 1 to 1.3 month of sales volumes. Therefore, the sensitivity of price changes on our chargeback
accrual only relates to such volumes. Assuming that the chargebacks were processed within such period, we analyzed the impact of
changes of prices for the periods beginning April 1, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and ended March 31, 2020,
2019 and 2018, respectively, on our estimated inventory levels computed based on the methodology described above (see “Chargebacks”
above). The impact on net sales on account of such price variation may not be significant.

A roll-forward for
each major accrual for our North America Generics business is presented below for our fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2019 and
2020:

Particulars   Chargebacks   Rebates   Medicaid   Refund Liability
(All values in U.S.$ millions)
Beginning Balance: April 1, 2017   191   186   13   36
Current provisions relating to sales during the year (1)   1,750   630   18   22
Provisions and adjustments relating to sales in prior years   *   -   -   -
Credits and payments**   (1,771   )   (655   )   (19   )   (30   )
Ending Balance: March 31, 2018   170   161   12   28
Beginning Balance: April 1, 2018   170   161   12   28
Current provisions relating to sales during the year (2)   1,415   461   18   29
Provisions and adjustments relating to sales in prior years   *   -   -   -
Credits and payments**   (1,457   )   (530   )   (19   )   (27   )
Ending Balance: March 31, 2019   128   92   11   30

67

Particulars   Chargebacks   Rebates   Medicaid   Refund Liability
(All values in U.S.$ millions)
Beginning Balance: April 1, 2019   128   92   11   30
Current provisions relating to sales during the year (3)   1,468   319   20   21
Provisions and adjustments relating to sales in prior years   *   -   -   -
Credits and payments**   (1,440   )   (331   )   (20   )   (27   )
Ending Balance: March 31, 2020   156   80   11   24

*   Currently, we do not separately track provisions and adjustments, in each case to the extent relating
to prior years for chargebacks. However, the adjustments are expected to be non-material. The volumes used to calculate the closing
balance of chargebacks represent approximately 1.3 months equivalent of sales, which corresponds to the pending chargeback claims
yet to be processed.

**   Currently, we do not separately track the credits and payments, in each case to the extent relating
to prior years for chargebacks, rebates, medicaid payments or refund liability.

(1)   Chargebacks and rebates provisions for the year ended March 31, 2018 and payments for the year
ended March 31, 2018 were each lower as compared to the year ended March 31, 2017, primarily as a result of lower pricing
rates per unit for chargebacks, due to a reduction in the invoice price to wholesalers for certain of our products, and due to
certain product mix changes.

(2)   Chargebacks and rebates provisions for the year ended March 31, 2019 and payments for the year
ended March 31, 2019 were each lower as compared to the year ended March 31, 2018, primarily as a result of lower pricing rates
per unit for chargebacks, due to a reduction in the invoice price to wholesalers for certain of our products.

(3)   Chargebacks provisions for the year ended March 31, 2020 were higher compared to the year ended
March 31, 2019, primarily as a result of higher sales volumes, which were partially off-set due to a lower pricing rates per unit
for chargebacks. Such lower pricing rates were primarily on account of a reduction in the invoice price to wholesalers for certain
of our products. The chargebacks payments for the year ended March 31, 2020 were lower compared to the year ended March 31, 2019,
primarily as a result of higher pending chargebacks claims as at March 31, 2020 compared to March 31, 2019. The rebates provisions
and payments for the year ended March 31, 2020 were each lower as compared to the year ended March 31, 2019, primarily as a result
of lower pricing rates per unit for rebates, due to a reduction in the invoice price to wholesalers for certain of our products,
which were partially off-set by higher sales volumes during the year ended March 31, 2020 compared to the year ended March 31,
2019.

Our overall refund
liability as at March 31, 2020 relating to our North America Generics business was U.S.$24 million, as compared to a liability
of U.S.$30 million as at March 31, 2019. This decrease in our liability was primarily attributable to a lower refund liability
created for the year ended March 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2019. Such allowance change was primarily due
to certain product mix changes and recent trends in actual sales returns, together with our historical experience, and also the
price reduction for certain products resulting into lower refund liability to be carried.

The estimates of “gross-to-net”
adjustments for our operations in India and other countries outside of the United States relate mainly to refund liability in all
such operations, and certain rebates to healthcare insurance providers are specific to our German operations. The pattern of such
refund liability is generally consistent with our gross sales. In Germany, the rebates to healthcare insurance providers mentioned
above are contractually fixed in nature and do not involve significant estimations by us.

Services

Revenue
from services rendered, which primarily relate to contract research, is recognized in the consolidated income statement as the
underlying services are performed. Upfront non-refundable payments received under these arrangements are deferred and recognized
as revenue over the expected period over which the related services are expected to be performed.

License fees

License fees primarily
consist of income from the out-licensing of intellectual property, and other licensing and supply arrangements with various parties.
Revenue from license fees is recognized when control transfers to the third party and our performance obligations are satisfied.
Some of these arrangements include certain performance obligations by us. Revenue from such arrangements is recognized in the period
in which we complete all of our performance obligations.

For other details on our significant
accounting policies, please refer to Note 3 of our consolidated financial statements.

68

5.A. Operating results

Income Statement Data

For the year ended March 31,
2020   2020   2019   2018
(Rs. in millions, U.S.$ in millions)
Convenience translation into U.S.$
Revenues   U.S.$2,316   Rs.174,600   Rs.153,851   Rs.142,028
Cost of revenues   1,069   80,591   70,421   65,724
Gross profit   1,247   94,009   83,430   76,304
Selling, general and administrative expenses   665   50,129   48,680   46,857
Research and development expenses   204   15,410   15,607   18,265
Impairment of non-current assets   222   16,767   210   53
Other income, net   (57   )   (4,290   )   (1,955   )   (788   )
Results from operating activities   212   15,993   20,888   11,917
Finance income, net   20   1,478   1,117   2,080
Share of profit of equity accounted investees, net of tax   7   561   438   344
Profit before tax   239   18,032   22,443   14,341
Tax (expense)/benefit, net   19   1,466   (3,648   )   (4,535   )
Profit for the year   259   19,498   18,795   Rs.9,806

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, financial data as percentages of total revenues and the increase (or decrease) by item as
a percentage of the amount over the comparable period in the previous years.

Percentage of Sales   Percentage
For the year ended March 31,   Increase/(Decrease)
2020   2019   2018   2019 to 2020   2018 to 2019
Revenues   100.0   %   100.0   %   100.0   %   13.5   %   8.3   %
Gross profit   53.8   %   54.2   %   53.7   %   12.7   %   9.3   %
Selling, general and administrative expenses   28.7   %   31.6   %   33.0   %   3.0   %   3.9   %
Research and development expenses   8.8   %   10.1   %   12.9   %   (1.3   %)   (14.6   %)
Impairment of non-current assets   9.6   %   0.1   %   0.0   %   7884.3   %   296.2   %
Other income, net   (2.5   %)   (1.3   %)   (0.6   %)   119.4   %   148.1   %
Results from operating activities   9.2   %   13.6   %   8.4   %   (23.4   %)   75.3   %
Finance income, net   0.8   %   0.7   %   1.5   %   32.3   %   (46.3   %)
Share of profit of equity accounted investees, net of tax   0.3   %   0.3   %   0.2   %   28.1   %   27.3   %
Profit before tax   10.3   %   14.6   %   10.1   %   (19.7   %)   56.5   %
Tax (expense)/benefit, net   0.8   %   (2.4   %)   3.2   %   (140.2   %)   (19.6   %)
Profit for the year   11.2   %   12.2   %   6.9   %   3.7   %   91.7   %

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, our consolidated revenues by segment:

For the year ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
(Rs. in millions)
Revenues   % of Segment revenue   Revenues   % of Segment revenue   Revenues   % of Segment revenue
Global Generics   Rs.   138,123   79   %   Rs.   122,903   80   %   Rs.   114,014   80   %
PSAI   25,747   15   %   24,140   16   %   21,992   16   %
Proprietary Products   7,949   5   %   4,750   3   %   4,245   3   %
Others   2,781   1   %   2,058   1   %   1,777   1   %
Total   Rs.   174,600   100   %   Rs.   153,851   100   %   Rs.   142,028   100   %

69

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2020 compared
to Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2019

Revenues

Our overall consolidated
revenues were Rs.174,600 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 13.5% as compared to Rs.153,851 million for
the year ended March 31, 2019. This revenue growth for the year ended March 31, 2020 was primarily due to: increased sales volumes
of our existing products; new product launches across our businesses; the sale of our U.S. and select territory rights for two
of our brands of Proprietary Products; and benefits due to the depreciation of the Indian rupee against the U.S. dollar. The foregoing
was partially offset by price erosion, primarily in our Global Generics segment’s North America (the United States and Canada)
and Europe businesses.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, our consolidated revenues by geography:

For the year ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Revenues   Percentage*   Revenues   Percentage*   Revenues   Percentage*
(Rs. in millions)
Global Generics   Rs.   138,123   79   %   Rs.   122,903   80   %   Rs.   114,014   80   %
North America (the United States and Canada)   64,659   47   %   59,957   49   %   59,822   53   %
Europe   11,707   8   %   7,873   6   %   8,217   7   %
India   28,946   21   %   26,179   21   %   23,321   20   %
Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union and Romania   23,372   17   %   20,541   17   %   16,528   15   %
Others   9,439   7   %   8,353   7   %   6,126   5   %
PSAI   25,747   15   %   24,140   16   %   21,992   16   %
Proprietary Products and Others   10,730   6   %   6,808   4   %   6,022   4   %
Total   174,600   100   %   153,851   100   %   142,028   100   %

*   Percentages mentioned against the segments are with reference to the total revenue of the Company;
and Percentages mentioned against geographies
represent the sales in the respective geography as a percentage of the total revenue from that segment.

For the year ended
March 31, 2020, the average exchange rate of U.S. dollar and the Russian rouble appreciated by approximately 1.4% and 1.7% respectively,
and that of Euro depreciated by 2.7%, against the Indian rupee as compared to the year ended March 31, 2019. These changes in exchange
rates increased our reported revenues.

Segment analysis

Global Generics

Revenues from our
Global Generics segment were Rs.138,123 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 12% as compared to Rs.122,903
million for the year ended March 31, 2019. The revenue increase was in all of the four business geographies of this segment: North
America (the United States and Canada), Europe, India, and “Emerging Markets” (which is comprised of Russia, other
countries of the former Soviet Union, Romania and certain other countries from our “Rest of the World” markets, including
South Africa, China, Brazil and Australia).

After taking into
account the impact of exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee against multiple currencies in the markets in which we operate,
the foregoing increase in revenues of this segment was attributable to the following factors:

·   an increase of approximately 14% resulting from a net increase in the sales volumes of existing
products in this segment;

·   an increase of approximately 7% resulting from new products launched during the year ended March
31, 2020; and

·   the foregoing was partially offset by a decrease of approximately 9% resulting from the net impact
of changes in sales prices of the products in this segment.

North America (the
United States and Canada):
Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from North America (the United States and Canada) were
Rs.64,659 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 8% as compared to Rs.59,957 million for the year ended March
31, 2019. In U.S. dollar absolute currency terms (i.e., U.S. dollars without taking into account the effect of currency exchange
rates), such revenues increased by 6% for the year ended March 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2019.

70

This revenues increase
was largely attributable to the following:

·   an increase in volumes for certain of our existing products such as buprenorphine and naloxone
sublingual film;

·   revenues from new products launched during the year ended March 31, 2020, such as vitamin
K, carboprost tromethamine injection, daptomycin injection 500mg, fosaprepitant injection and pregabalin capsules; and

·   the foregoing was partially offset by reduced sales, primarily due to price erosion from increased
competition for our key products such as buprenorphine and naloxone sublingual film, metoprolol ER tabs, decitabine injection and
palonosetron injection.

During the year ended
March 31, 2020, we made 8 new ANDA filings with the U.S. FDA. As of March 31, 2020 our cumulative filings were 285, which includes
4 NDA filings under section 505(b)(2) and 281 ANDA filings. These 281 ANDA filings include 8 ANDAs that we acquired from Teva and
an affiliate of Allergan plc. As of March 31, 2020, we had 99 filings pending approval with the U.S. FDA (97 ANDAs and 2 NDAs under
505(b)(2) route including 11 tentative approvals). Of the 97 ANDAs which are pending approval, 54 are Paragraph IV filings, and
we believe that we are the first to file with respect to 30 of these filings.

Europe:
 Our
Global Generics segment’s revenues from Europe (which is comprised of Germany, the United Kingdom and other European countries
such as Italy, Spain and France) were Rs.11,707 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 49% as compared to Rs.7,873
million for the year ended March 31, 2019. This increase was primarily on account of higher sales volumes and sales from new product
launches during the year ended March 31, 2020, which was partially offset by a reduction in sales due to price erosion in some
of our existing products in Germany and the United Kingdom. Sales growth in Europe was also led by scale up of volumes in the newer
markets of Europe, such as Italy, Spain and France.

India:
 Our
Global Generics segment’s revenues from India were Rs.28,946 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 11%
as compared to Rs.26,179 million for the year ended March 31, 2019. This growth was largely attributable to an increase in sales
volumes and sales prices of our existing products, as well as revenues from launches of new products during the year ended March
31, 2020.

According to IQVIA
in its Moving Annual Total report for the year ended March 31, 2020, our secondary sales in India grew by 11.4% during such period,
as compared to the India pharmaceutical market’s growth of 10.8% during such period. During the year ended March 31, 2020,
we launched 21 new brands in India.

Emerging Markets:

Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from “Emerging Markets” (which is comprised of Russia, other countries
of the former Soviet Union, Romania and certain other countries from our “Rest of the World” markets, including South
Africa, China, Brazil and Australia) were Rs.32,811 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 14% as compared to
Rs.28,894 million for the year ended March 31, 2019. This revenue increase was largely attributable to increased revenues from
Russia and other “Emerging Markets” countries, as described below.

Russia
: Our
Global Generics segment’s revenues from Russia were Rs.16,900 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 10%
as compared to Rs.15,299 million for the year ended March 31, 2019. In Russian rouble absolute currency terms (i.e., Russian roubles
without taking into account the effect of currency exchange rates), such revenues increased by 9% for the year ended March 31,
2020 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2019. This revenue increase was largely attributable to an increase in the sales price
and volumes of our existing products. Our over-the-counter (“OTC”) division’s revenues from Russia for the year
ended March 31, 2020 were approximately 46% of our total revenues from Russia.

According to IQVIA,
as per its report for the year ended March 31, 2020, our sales value (in Russian roubles) growth and volume growth from Russia
for such period, as compared to the Russian pharmaceutical market sales value (in Russian roubles) growth and volume growth for
such period, was as follows:

Year ended March 31, 2020
Dr. Reddy's   Russian pharmaceutical market
Sales value   Volume   Sales value   Volume
Prescription (Rx)   9.2   %   0.6   %   11.5   %   2.9   %
Over-the-counter (OTC)   10.3   %   5.3   %   6.6   %   (1.8   )%
Total (Rx + OTC)   9.7   %   2.3   %   9.0   %   (0.3   )%

71

As per the above referenced
IQVIA report, our market shares in Russia for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:

Year ended March 31,
Volume based   Value based
2020   2019   2020   2019
Prescription (Rx)   3.9   %   4.2   %   1.8   %   2.0   %
Over-the-counter (OTC)   1.2   %   1.0   %   1.6   %   1.5   %
Total (Rx + OTC)   2.1   %   2.0   %   1.7   %   1.7   %

Other countries
of the former Soviet Union and Romania:
 Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from other countries of the former Soviet
Union and Romania were Rs.6,472 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 23% as compared to Rs.5,242 million for
the year ended March 31, 2019. This increase was attributable to increased revenues from higher sales volumes and increased sales
price of our existing products, as well as revenues from new products launched during the year ended March 31, 2020.

“Rest of
the World” Markets
: We refer to all markets of this segment, other than North America (the United States and Canada),
Europe, Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union, Romania and India, as our “Rest of the World” markets.
Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from our “Rest of the World” markets were Rs.9,439 million for the year
ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 13% as compared to Rs.8,353 million for the year ended March 31, 2019. The growth is largely
attributable to increased sales volumes of our existing products and to new products launched during the year ended March 31, 2020.
The foregoing was partially offset by a decline in revenues due to price erosion in some of our existing products.

Pharmaceutical Services and Active
Ingredients (“PSAI”)

Our PSAI segment’s
revenues were Rs.25,747 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 7% as compared to Rs.24,140 million for the year
ended March 31, 2019. After taking into account the impact of exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee against multiple currencies
in the markets in which we operate, this increase in revenues was largely attributable to:

·   increased sales of active pharmaceutical ingredients for the year ended March 31, 2019, which increased
our PSAI segment’s revenues by approximately 9%; and

·   reduced customer orders for our pharmaceutical development services, which decreased our PSAI segment’s
revenues by approximately 2%.

During the year ended
March 31, 2020, we filed 98 Drug Master Files (“DMFs”) worldwide. Cumulatively, our total active worldwide DMFs as
of March 31, 2020 were 1,033, including 210 active DMFs in the United States.

Proprietary Products

Revenues from our
Proprietary Products segment were Rs.7,949 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 67% as compared to Rs.4,750
million for year ended March 31, 2019.

Our revenues for the
year ended March 31, 2020 includes Rs.7,486 million from sale of the U.S. and select territory rights for our neurological product
brands ZEMBRACE® SMYTOUCH® (sumatriptan injection 3mg) and TOSYMRA® (sumatriptan nasal spray 10mg).

Our revenues for the
year ended March 31, 2019 includes Rs.1,807 million from sale of the rights for our dermatological brands SERNIVO® (betamethasone
dipropionate) spray 0.05%, and our assignment of the rights to market and distribute PROMISEB® topical cream and TRIANEX®
0.05% (triamcinolone acetonide ointment, USP) in the United States.

72

Gross Profit

Our total gross profit
was Rs.94,009 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, representing 53.8% of our revenues for that period, as compared to Rs.83,430
million for the year ended March 31, 2019, representing 54.2% of our revenues for that period.

The following table
sets forth, for the period indicated, our gross profit by segment:

For the year ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
( Rs. in millions)
Gross Profit   % of Segment Revenue   Gross Profit   % of Segment Revenue   Gross Profit   % of Segment Revenue
Global Generics   Rs.   78,449   56.8   %   Rs.   71,924   58.5   %   Rs.   67,190   58.9   %
PSAI   6,190   24.0   %   6,128   25.4   %   4,446   20.2   %
Proprietary Products   7,744   97.4   %   4,182   88.0   %   3,799   89.5   %
Others   1,626   58.5   %   1,196   58.1   %   869   48.9   %
Total   Rs.   94,009   53.8   %   Rs.   83,430   54.2   %   Rs.   76,304   53.7   %

The gross profit from
our Global Generics segment decreased to 56.8% for the year ended March 31, 2020, from 58.5% for the year ended March 31, 2019.
This reduction was on account of price erosion in certain of our products, primarily in the United States, Europe, Brazil and China,
which was partially offset by new product launches with higher margins and by a lower increase in manufacturing overheads as compared
to sales.

The gross profits
from our PSAI segment decreased to 24.0% for the year ended March 31, 2020, from 25.4% for the year ended March 31, 2019. This
decrease was primarily on account of changes in our existing products mix (i.e., a decrease in the proportion of sales of higher
gross margin products and an increase in the proportion of sales of lower gross margin products) in this segment.

Selling, general and administrative
expenses

Our selling, general
and administrative expenses were Rs.50,129 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 3.0% as compared to Rs.48,680
million for the year ended March 31, 2019. After taking into account the impact of exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee
against multiple currencies in the markets in which we operate, this increase was largely attributable to the following:

·   an increase of 1% on account of increased freight outward expenses;

·   an increase of 1% on account of increased personnel costs, primarily on account of annual raises;

·   an increase of 1% on account of increased depreciation charges for property, plant and equipment;

·   an increase of 2% on account of increased other expenses; and

·   the foregoing was partially offset by a decrease of 2% on account of lower sales and marketing
expenses.

As a proportion of
our total revenues, our selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to 28.7% for the year ended March 31, 2020 from
31.6% for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Research and development expenses

Our research and development
expenses were Rs.15,410 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, a decrease of 1.3% as compared to Rs.15,607 million for the
year ended March 31, 2019. This decrease was primarily on account of a reduction in expenditures in our Proprietary Products segment,
partially offset by an increase in expenditures in our biosimilars business.

As a proportion of
our total revenues, our research and development expense was at 8.8% for the year ended March 31, 2020 as compared to
10.1% for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Impairment of non-current assets

Our impairment of
non-current assets expense charge was Rs.16,767 million for year ended March 31, 2020, as compared to a charge of Rs.210 million
for the year ended March 31, 2019. Please refer to Notes 11, 12 and 13 of our consolidated financial statements for an explanation
on this charge.

73

Other income, net

Our net other income
was Rs.4,290 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, an increase of 119.4% as compared to net other income of Rs.1,955 million
for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Our net other income
for the year ended March 31, 2020 includes Rs.3,457 million received from Celgene pursuant to a settlement agreement. Such agreement
settled any claim that we or our affiliates may have had for damages under section 8 of the Canadian Patented Medicines (Notice
of Compliance) Regulations in regard to our ANDS for a generic version of REVLIMID brand capsules (lenalidomide) pending before
Health Canada.

Our net other income
for the year ended March 31, 2019 includes the profit on sales of assets as follows:

·   Rs.423 million in profit on the sale of our API manufacturing business unit located in Jeedimetla,
Hyderabad;

·   Rs.423 million in profit on the sale, by our wholly owned subsidiary Promius Pharma, LLC to EPI
Health, LLC, an affiliate of EPI Group, LLC, of the rights to Cloderm cream and its authorized generic in the United States;

·   Rs.159 million in profit on the sale, by our wholly owned subsidiary Promius Pharma, LLC, of intangible
assets as other income, after adjusting the associated costs; and

·   Rs.110 million in profit on the sale of all of the membership interests in Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories
Tennessee, LLC.

Finance income, net

Our net finance income
was Rs.1,478 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, as compared to net finance income of Rs.1,117 million for the year ended
March 31, 2019. This increase in net finance income was largely attributable to:

·   fair value changes and profit on sale of units of mutual funds of Rs.929 million for the year ended
March 31, 2020, as compared to fair value changes and profit on sale of units of mutual funds of Rs.773 million for the year ended
March 31, 2019;

·   an increase in net foreign exchange gain of Rs.639 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, as
compared to net foreign exchange gain of Rs.463 million for the year ended March 31, 2019; and

·   a decrease in net interest expense of Rs.95 million for the year ended March 31, 2020,
as compared to net interest expense of Rs.119 million for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Profit before tax

As a result of the
above, our profit before taxes was Rs.18,032 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, a decrease of 19.7% as compared to Rs.22,443
million for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Tax expense

Our consolidated weighted
average tax rate was (8%) (i.e., a benefit of 8%) for the year ended March 31, 2020, as compared to 16% for the year ended March
31, 2019.

The effective rate
of tax for the year ended March 31, 2020 was lower primarily on account of:

·   recognition of a deferred tax asset related to the Minimum Alternate Tax (“MAT”) credits
in Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited, India on account of a reduction in the MAT rate from 21.55% to 17.47% pursuant to the
recently enacted Taxation law (Amendment) Act 2019 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and subsequent periods;

·   recognition of deferred tax asset related to losses for impairment of certain of our product related
intangibles;

·   recognition of deferred tax asset pursuant to planned restructuring activity between the group
companies; and

·   non taxability of income from sale of capital assets as it is set off against the carried forward
capital loss.

As a result of the
above, we had a net tax benefit of Rs.1,466 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, as compared to a tax expense of Rs.3,648
million for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Profit for the period

As a result of the
above, our net profit was Rs.19,498 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, representing 11.2% of our total revenues for such
period, as compared to Rs.18,795 million for the year ended March 31, 2019, representing 12.2% of our total revenues for such period.

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2019 compared
to Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2018

Refer to item 5.A.
of our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2018 compared
to Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017

Refer to item 5.A.
of our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.

74

5.B.
Liquidity and capital resources

Liquidity

We have primarily
financed our operations through cash flows generated from operations and a mix of long-term and short-term borrowings. Our principal
liquidity and capital needs are for the purchase of property, plant and equipment, regular business operations and research and
development.

Our principal sources
of short-term liquidity are internally generated funds and short-term borrowings, which we believe are sufficient to meet our working
capital requirements.

Summary of statements of cash flows

The following table
summarizes our statements of cash flows for the years presented:

For the year ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
( Rs. in millions)
Net cash from/(used in):
Operating activities   Rs.   29,841   Rs.   28,704   Rs.   18,029
Investing activities   (4,923   )   (7,727   )   (14,883   )
Financing activities   (25,159   )   (21,326   )   (4,440   )
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents   (241   )   (349   )   (1,294   )

In addition to cash,
inventory and accounts receivable, our unused sources of liquidity included Rs.39,374 million available in credit under revolving
credit facilities with banks as of March 31, 2020.

Cash Flow from Operating Activities

Year ended March
31, 2020 compared to year ended March 31, 2019

The result of operating
activities was a net cash inflow of Rs.29,841 million for the year ended March 31, 2020, as compared to a cash inflow of Rs.28,704
million for the year ended March 31, 2019.

The increase in net
cash inflow of Rs.1,137 million was primarily due to an increase in our earnings, which was partially offset by an increase in
our working capital requirements.

Our average days’
sales outstanding (“DSO”) as at March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 were 100 days and 90 days respectively. The
increase in our DSO between March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 was primarily on account of changes in the mix of our receivables,
due to an increase in the proportion of receivables from our customers with longer credit periods in the United States.

Year ended March
31, 2019 compared to year ended March 31, 2018

The result of operating
activities was a net cash inflow of Rs.28,704 million for the year ended March 31, 2019, as compared to a cash inflow of Rs.18,029
million for the year ended March 31, 2018.

The increase in net
cash inflow of Rs.10,675 million was primarily due to increase in our earnings and a decrease in our trade receivables, which was
partially offset by an increase in inventories as of March 31, 2019.

Our average days’
sales outstanding (“DSO”) as at March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 were 90 days and 102 days respectively. The
decrease in our DSO between March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 was primarily on account of sale of our trade receivables in North
America.

Cash Flow from Investing Activities

Year ended March
31, 2020 compared to year ended March 31, 2019

Our investing activities
resulted in net cash outflows of Rs.4,923 million and Rs.7,727 million for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively
which was primarily on account of the following:

·   the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, and other intangible assets of Rs.6,115 million
for the year ended March 31, 2020 as against Rs.8,376 million for the year ended March 31, 2019;

·   the net purchase of other investments of Rs.214 million for the year ended March 31, 2020 as against
Rs.2,282 million for the year ended March 31, 2019; and

·   the foregoing was partially offset by proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and
other intangible assets of Rs.390 million for the year ended March 31, 2020 as against Rs.2,150 million for the year ended March 31, 2019.

75

Year ended March
31, 2019 compared to year ended March 31, 2018

Our investing activities
resulted in net cash outflows of Rs.7,727 million and Rs.14,883 million for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively,
which was primarily on account of the following:

·   the acquisition of property, plant and equipment, and other intangible assets of Rs.8,376 million
for the year ended March 31, 2019 as against Rs.11,043 million for the year ended March 31, 2018;

·   the net purchase of other investments of Rs.2,282 million for the year ended March 31, 2019 as
against Rs.4,391 million for the year ended March 31, 2018; and

·   the foregoing was partially offset by proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and
other intangible assets of Rs.2,150 million for the year ended March 31, 2019 as against Rs.139 million for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Cash Flow from Financing Activities

Year ended March
31, 2020 compared to year ended March 31, 2019

Our financing activities
resulted in net cash outflows of Rs.25,159 million and Rs.21,326 million for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

During the year ended
March 31, 2020, our net cash outflow was primarily on account of net repayment of short-term and long-term borrowings of Rs.18,683
million; dividend payments (including dividend distribution taxes) of Rs.3,916 million and interest payments of Rs.1,608 million.

During the year ended
March 31, 2019, our net cash outflow was primarily on account of net repayment of borrowings of Rs.15,126 million (primarily by
our parent company); dividend payments (including dividend distribution taxes) of Rs.4,002 million and interest payments of Rs.1,607
million.

Year ended March
31, 2019 compared to year ended March 31, 2018

Our financing activities
resulted in net cash outflows of Rs.21,326 million and Rs.4,440 million for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

During the year ended
March 31, 2019, our net cash outflow was primarily on account of net repayment of borrowings of Rs.15,126 million (primarily by
our parent company), dividend payments (including dividend distribution taxes) of Rs.4,002 million and interest payments of Rs.1,607
million.

During the year ended
March 31, 2018, there was a decrease in our net short-term borrowings by Rs.18,025 million, primarily on account of the repayment
of such borrowings of Rs.23,222 million by our Swiss subsidiary, which was offset by an increase in long-term borrowings of Rs.18,907
million incurred by our subsidiaries in Switzerland and Germany. Furthermore, we also paid dividends (including dividend distribution
taxes) of Rs.3,992 million.

Principal obligations

The following table
summarizes our principal debt obligations (excluding obligations under leases) outstanding as of March 31, 2020:

Payments due by period
Principal debt obligations   Total   Less than 1 year   1-5 years   More than 5 years
(Rs. in millions)
Short-term borrowings from banks   Rs.   16,441   Rs.   16,441   Rs.   -   Rs.   -
Long-term borrowings from banks (1)   3,783   3,783   -   -
Total obligations   Rs.   20,224   Rs.   20,224   Rs.   -   Rs.   -

(1)   Long-term debt obligations disclosed in the above table do not reflect any netting of transaction
costs of Rs.0 million.

76

Annual rate of interest

The following table
provides details of annual rates of interest for our principal debt obligations (excluding obligations under leases) outstanding
as of March 31, 2020:

Debt   Amounts in millions   Currency (1)   Interest Rate (2)
Pre-shipment credit (short-term)   Rs.   10,432   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 12.5  to 16 bps
INR   1 Month T-bill + 60 bps
Other working capital borrowings   6,009   USD   1Month/3 Months LIBOR + 55  to 78 bps
RUB   7.05% (fixed)
ZAR   1Month JIBAR+120 bps
MXN   TIIE + 1.25%
INR   7.75% (fixed)
BRL   7.25% (fixed)
Long-term borrowings   3,783   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 82.7 bps

(1)   “INR” means Indian rupees, “U.S.$” means United States Dollars, “RUB”
means Russian roubles, “MXN” means Mexican pesos, “BRL” means Brazilian reals and “ZAR” means
South African rand.

(2)   “LIBOR” means the London Inter-bank Offered Rate, “TIIE” means the Equilibrium
Inter-banking Interest Rate (Tasa de Interés Interbancaria de Equilibrio), “JIBAR” means the Johannesburg Interbank
Average Rate and “T-bill” means India Treasury Bill.

The maturities of
short-term borrowings and other working capital borrowings from banks vary from 6 to 12 months. Our objective in determining the
borrowing maturity is to ensure a balance between flexibility, cost and continuing availability of funds.

Subject
to obtaining certain regulatory approvals, there are no legal or economic restrictions on the transfer of funds between us and
our subsidiaries or for the transfer of funds in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. However, transfers of funds from
Venezuela are subject to certain exchange control regulations. Consistent with our risk management policy, we use interest rate
swaps to mitigate the risk of changes in interest rates.

Cash and cash equivalents
are primarily held in Indian rupees, U.S. dollars, U.K. pounds sterling, Euros, Kazakhstan tenges, Brazilian reals and Swiss
francs.

As of March 31, 2020
and 2019, we had committed to spend Rs.4,888 million and Rs.2,495 million, respectively, under agreements to purchase property,
plant and equipment. This amount is net of capital advances paid in respect of such purchases. These commitments will be funded
through the cash flows generated from operations as well as cash flows from our borrowings.

77

5.C.
Research and development, patents
and licenses, etc.

Research and Development

Our research and development
activities can be classified into several categories, which run parallel to the activities in our principal areas of operations:

·   Global Generics , where our research and development activities are directed at the development
of product formulations, process validation, bioequivalence testing and other data needed to prepare a growing list of drugs that
are equivalent to numerous brand name products for sale in the highly regulated markets of the United States and Europe as well
as emerging markets. Global Generics also includes our biologics business, where research and development activities are directed
at the development of biologics products for the emerging as well as highly regulated markets. Our biologics research and development
facility caters to the highest development standards, including cGMP, Good Laboratory Practices and bio-safety level IIA.

·   Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients , where our research and development activities
concentrate on development of chemical processes for the synthesis of API for use in our Global Generics segment and for sales
in the emerging and developed markets to third parties. Our research and development activities also support our custom pharmaceutical
line of business, where we continue to leverage the strength of our process chemistry and finished dosage development expertise
to target innovator as well as emerging pharmaceutical companies. The research and development is directed toward providing services
to support the entire pharmaceutical value chain, from discovery all the way to the market.

·   Proprietary Products , where we focus on the research, development, and commercialization
of differentiated formulations.

In the years ended
March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, we expended Rs.15,410 million, Rs.15,607 million and Rs.18,265 million, respectively, on research
and development activities. The decrease in research and development expenditure was primarily on account of reduction in spent
in our Proprietary Products segment, partially offset by increase in expenditure in our biosimilars business. Each of these business
segments has numerous products in various stages of development. For further information, see “Item 4. Information on the
Company—Item 4.B Business overview.”

Patents, Trademarks and Licenses

We have filed and
been issued numerous patents in our principal areas of operations: Global Generics, Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients
and Proprietary Products. We expect to continue to file patent applications seeking to protect our innovations and novel processes
in several countries, including the United States. Any existing or future patents issued to or licensed by us may not provide us
with any competitive advantages for our products or may even be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by our competitors. In
addition, such patent rights may not prevent our competitors from developing, using or commercializing products that are similar
or functionally equivalent to our products. As of March 31, 2020, we have more than 1,550 trademarks filed with the Registrar
of Trademarks in India which are either registered or are pending registration. We have also filed registration applications for
non-U.S. trademarks in other countries in which we do business. We market several products under licenses in several countries
where we operate.

5.D.
Trend Information

In recent months,
a new strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) has spread to many countries in the world and the outbreak has been declared a pandemic
by the World Health Organization in March 2020. We have already experienced certain disruptions relating to this pandemic (including
work-from-home policies and other social distancing policies to reduce the risks to the health and safety of employees) and may
continue to experience further disruptions that could severely impact our business. See “Item 4D.—Risk Factors—
A pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, and the resulting restrictive measures and economic
impacts may materially and adversely impact our business and results of our operations.” The full extent, consequences, and
duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations or the
global economy as a whole cannot be predicted on the date of this Annual Report. We will continue to evaluate the impact that the
COVID-19 pandemic could have on our business, financial condition and results of operations during the year ending March 31, 2021.

Also, please see “Item
5: Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” and “Item 4. Information on the Company” for additional trend
information.

5.E.
Off-balance sheet arrangements

None.

78

5.F.
Tabular Disclosure of Contractual
Obligations

The following summarizes
our contractual obligations as of March 31, 2020 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash
flows in future periods.

Payments due by period
(Rs. in millions)
Contractual Obligations   Total   Less than 1 year   1-3 years   3-5 years   More than 5 years
Property, plant and equipment purchase obligations (1)   4,888   4,888   -   -   -
Short-term debt obligations   16,441   16,441   -   -   -
Long-term debt obligations (excluding obligations under leases) (2)   3,783   3,783   -   -   -
Estimated interest payable on long-term debt (3)   33   33   -   -   -
Obligations under leases (including interest)   2,306   666   849   625   166
Post-retirement benefits obligations (4)   2,860   433   623   576   1,228
Total contractual obligations   Rs.   30,311   Rs.   26,244   Rs.   1,472   Rs.   1,201   Rs.   1,394

(1)   Amounts presented are net of capital advances paid in respect of such purchases and are expected
to be funded from internally generated funds.

(2)   Long-term debt obligations disclosed in the above table do not reflect any netting of transaction
costs of Rs.0 million.

(3)   Disclosure of estimated interest payments for future periods is only with respect to our long-term
debt obligations, as the projected interest payments with respect to our short-term borrowings and other obligations cannot be
reasonably estimated because they are subject to fluctuation in actual utilization of borrowings depending on our daily funding
requirements. The estimated interest costs are based on March 31, 2020 applicable benchmark rates and are subject to fluctuation
in the future.

(4)   Post-retirement benefits obligations in the “More than 5 years” column are estimated
for a maximum of 10 years.

We have committed
to make potential future milestone and royalty payments to third parties under various agreements. Such payments are contingent
upon the achievement of certain regulatory milestones and sales targets. Due to the uncertainty of the timing of these payments,
they are not included in the above table.

5.G.
Safe harbor

See page 2 under heading
“Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statement”.

ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT
AND EMPLOYEES

6. A.
Directors and senior management

The list of our directors
and executive officers and their respective age and position as of March 31, 2020 was as follows:

Directors Name (1)   Age (in yrs.)   Position
Mr. K. Satish Reddy (2)(3)   52   Chairman
Mr. G.V. Prasad (2)(4)(5)   59   Co-Chairman and Managing Director
Ms. Kalpana Morparia   71   Director
Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter   76   Director
Mr. Sridar Iyengar   72   Director
Mr. Bharat Narotam Doshi   70   Director
Mr. Prasad R. Menon   74   Director
Mr. Leo Puri   59   Director
Ms. Shikha Sharma   61   Director
Mr. Allan Oberman   62   Director

(1)   Except for Mr. K. Satish Reddy and Mr. G.V. Prasad, all of the directors are independent directors
under the corporate governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange.

(2)   Full-time director.

(3)   Brother-in-law of Mr. G.V. Prasad.

(4)   Brother-in-law of Mr. K. Satish Reddy.

(5)   Effective August 1, 2019, prior to that he was Co-Chairman, Managing Director and Chief Executive
Officer.

79

Executive Officers

Our policy is to classify
our officers as “executive officers” if they have membership on our Management Council. Our Management Council consists
of various business and functional heads and is our senior management. As of March 31, 2020, the Management Council consisted
of:

Name and Designation   Education/Degrees Held   Age   Experience in years   Date of commencement of employment   Particulars of last employment
Mr. K. Satish Reddy (1) Chairman   B. Tech., M.S. (Medicinal Chemistry)   52   28   January 18, 1993   Director, Globe Organics Limited
Mr. G.V. Prasad (2) Co-Chairman and Managing Director   B. E. (Chem. Eng.), M.S. (Indl. Admn.)   59   36   June 30, 1990   Promoter Director, Benzex Labs Private Limited
Mr. Erez Israeli (3) Chief Executive Officer   Graduate Bar Ilan University MBA in Finance and Marketing Bar Ilan University   53   26   April 2, 2018   Executive Officer Enzymotec
Mr. Saumen Chakraborty President and Chief Financial Officer   B.Sc. (H), MBA (IIM)   59   36   July 2, 2001   Vice President, Tecumseh Products India Private Limited
Mr. M.V. Ramana Chief Executive Officer - Branded Markets (India and Emerging
        Countries)   MBA   52   28   October 15, 1992   -
Mr. Ganadhish Kamat Global Head of Quality   Master of Pharmacy and Diploma in Business Management   58   34   April 18, 2016   Executive Vice President – Corporate Quality, Lupin Limited
Dr. Anil Namboodiripad Global Head of Proprietary Products   Ph.D. Physiology and Molecular Biophysics   54   23   September 17, 2007   Associate Director – Bristol Myers Squibb
Ms. Archana Bhaskar Chief Human Resource Officer   MBA (IIM)   53   30   June 15, 2017   Human Resources head (Global commercial business) Royal Dutch Shell
Mr. Sanjay Sharma Global Head of Manufacturing   B. Tech (IIT), Business Leader’s program (IIM) and General Management program (IIM)   52   29   August 1, 2017   Integrated Supply Chain Operations (Coca Cola) for India and South Asia
Mr. Sauri Gudlavalleti Global Head of Integrated Product Development Organization   B Tech, Masters in Mechanics and MBA   42   16   March 16, 2015   Associate Partner, Mckinsey & Company
Mr. P. Yugandhar, Global Head of Supply Chain   MBA   49   26   February 21, 2001   Manager, Eli Lily Ranbaxy Limited
Dr. Raymond de Vre, Global Head of Biologics   Masters and Ph.D. in Applied Physics and Masters in Engineering   52   24   July 30, 2012   Partner, McKinsey & Company
Mr. Deepak Sapra Global Head of PSAI   B.E., PGDM, MBA   45   20   January 23, 2003   Asst. Divisional Engineer, Indian Railways
Mr. Marc Kikuchi Chief Executive Officer -North America Generics   MBA, BA (Molecular and Cell Biology)   51   26   February 1, 2019   CEO, Americas for Zydus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Mr. Patrick Aghanian Chief Executive Officer - European Generics   MBA, BA   55   32   October 7, 2019   Global Head of Zentiva

80

(1)   Brother-in-law of Mr. G.V. Prasad.

(2)   Brother-in-law of Mr. K. Satish Reddy.

(3)   Effective August 1, 2019, prior to that he was Chief Operating Officer.

There was no arrangement
or understanding with major shareholders, customers, suppliers or others pursuant to which any director or executive officer referred
to above was selected as a director or member of our Management Council.

Biographies – Directors

Mr. K. Satish Reddy

is the Chairman of our Board of Directors. Prior to May 2014, he held the offices of Vice Chairman and Managing Director. He has
a Master of Science degree in Medicinal Chemistry from Purdue University, Indiana in the United States of America and a Bachelor
of Technology degree in Chemical Engineering from Osmania University, Hyderabad. He is the Chairman of the Board of Governors of
NIPER, Hyderabad and the Chairman of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Southern Council. He also chairs the Life Sciences
Skill Development Council under The National Skill Development Corporation (“NSDC”), an organization, working in partnership
with various stakeholders groups, to serve and address the skill shortfalls in the Life Sciences Sectors across India. He was a
member of the Drugs Technical Advisory Board of India, the Chairman of the Andhra Pradesh Chapter of the Confederation of Indian
Industries (“CII”) and head of its National Committee on Pharmaceuticals. He is the President of the Indian Pharmaceutical
Alliance, a premier industry association of leading research-based Indian companies. In May 2015, the Ministry of Labour and Employment,
Government of India, nominated Mr. Reddy as Chairman of the Board of Governors of the National Safety Council. In addition to positions
held in our subsidiaries, he is also a Director on the Board of Green Park Hotels and Resorts Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Holdings
Limited, Stamlo Industries Limited, Ruthenika Technologies Limited, Araku Originals Private Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Institute
of Life Sciences, Cipro Estates Private Limited, KAR Therapeutics & Estates Private Limited, Quin Estates Private Limited,
Satish Reddy Estates Private Limited, Molecular Connections Private Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Trust Services Private Limited,
KAR Holdings (Singapore) Private Limited, Singapore and KAREUS Therapeutics (Singapore) Private Limited, Singapore.

Mr. G.V. Prasad

is a member of our Board of Directors and serves as our Co-Chairman and Managing Director. Prior to May 2014, he held the titles
of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He was the Managing Director of Cheminor Drugs Limited prior to its merger with Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories. He has a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Chemical Engineering from Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago in
the United States of America, and an M.S. in Industrial Administration from Purdue University, Indiana in United States of America.
Mr. Prasad was listed among the Top 50 CEOs that India ever had by Outlook magazine in 2017 and was recognized as one the top 5
Most Valuable CEOs of India by Business World in 2016. He was also listed in the prestigious ‘Medicine Maker 2018 Power List’
of most inspirational professionals shaping the future of drug development, and has been named India Business Leader of the year
by CNBC Asia, in 2015. In addition to positions held in our subsidiaries, he is a Director on the Board of Green Park Hotels and
Resorts Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited, Stamlo Industries Limited, Ruthenika Technologies Limited, Dr. Reddy’s
Institute of Life Sciences, Molecular Connections Private Limited and Dr. Reddy’s Trust Services Private Limited. Mr. Prasad
is active on the boards of public and private institutions such as the Indian School of Business (ISB) and the International Foundation
for Research and Education.

Ms. Kalpana Morparia

has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2007. Ms. Kalpana Morparia is Chairperson of J.P. Morgan, South and Southeast
Asia. Ms. Kalpana Morparia is a member of J.P. Morgan’s Asia Pacific Management Committee. Prior to joining J.P. Morgan,
India, Ms. Kalpana Morparia served as Vice Chair on the Board of ICICI Group and was a Joint Managing Director of ICICI Group from
2001 to 2007. A graduate in science and law from Mumbai University, Ms. Kalpana Morparia has served on several committees constituted
by the Government of India. She has been recognized by the national and international media for her role as one of the leading
women professionals. She also serves on the Board of Hindustan Unilever Limited, J.P. Morgan Services India Private Limited, in
India and Philip Morris International Inc. in the United States of America. She also serves as a member on the Board of Governors
of Bharti Foundation.

Dr. Bruce L.A.
Carter
has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2008. Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter was the Chairman of the Board and the
former Chief Executive Officer of ZymoGenetics, Inc. in Seattle, Washington, in the United States of America. He has also served
as the Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer for Novo Nordisk A/S, the former parent company of ZymoGenetics.
From 1982 to 1986, he served various positions at G.D. Searle & Co. Ltd., including Head of Molecular Genetics. He was a Lecturer
of Trinity College, University of Dublin from 1975 to 1982. Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter received a B.Sc. with Honors in Botany from
the University of Nottingham, England, and a Ph.D. in Microbiology from Queen Elizabeth College, University of London. Dr. Bruce
L.A. Carter is also on the Board of TB Alliance, Mirati Therapeutics Inc., Accelerator Life Science Partners and Enanta Pharmaceutical
Inc. in the United States of America and our wholly-owned subsidiaries Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited, in India and Dr.
Reddy’s Laboratories Inc., in the United States of America.

81

Mr. Sridar Iyengar

has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2011. Mr. Sridar Iyengar is an independent mentor investor in early stage
startup companies. For more than 36 years, he has worked in the United Kingdom, the United States and India with a large number
of companies, advising them on strategy and other issues. Earlier, he was a senior partner with KPMG in the United States and the
United Kingdom and served for 3 years as the Chairman and CEO of KPMG’s operations in India. Mr. Sridar Iyengar holds a Bachelor
of Commerce (Hons.) degree from Calcutta University and he is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales. Mr. Sridar Iyengar is Chairman on the Board of ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited and a Director on the Boards
of Mahindra Holidays and Resorts India Limited, Cleartrip Private Limited, in India, AverQ Inc., in the United States of America,
Cleartrip Inc., in the Cayman Islands, Holiday Club Resorts OY, in Finland, and our wholly owned subsidiary Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories
S.A., in Switzerland.

Mr. Bharat N. Doshi

has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2016. Mr. Bharat N. Doshi is a former Executive Director and Group Chief
Financial Officer of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited. He was also the Chairman of Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited
since April 2008, and he stepped down from this position on his nomination as Director on the Central Board of Directors of the
Reserve Bank of India in March 2016. He is the Chairman of Mahindra Intertrade Limited
,
 a Director on the Board of Mahindra
Holdings Limited and a member of the Board of Governors of The Mahindra United World College of India. He is a director on the
Boards of Mahindra Foundation (U.S.A) and Mahindra Foundation (U.K) and one of the trustees of Mahindra Foundation, K. C. Mahindra
Education Trust and Lalit Doshi Memorial Foundation. He also serves on Advisory Board of Excellence Enablers, an organization committed
to promoting corporate governance in India. Mr. Bharat N. Doshi is a fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
India and the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and holds Master’s degree in Law from Bombay University. He is an
alumnus of Harvard Business School (Program for Management Development) and Fellow of the Salzburg Seminar on ‘Asian Economies:
Regional and Global Relationships’.

Mr. Prasad R. Menon

has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2017
.
Mr. Prasad R Menon is a former Managing Director of Tata Chemicals
Limited and Tata Power Company Limited. He has over 41 years of diverse experience in some of the premier multinational and Indian
companies in the chemical and power industry. Prior to joining Tata, he was Director Technical of Nagarjuna Fertilisers and Chemicals
Limited. Mr. Prasad Menon is a Director on the Board of Singapore Tourism Board and Sanmar Group Advisory Board. He holds a chemical
engineering degree from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kharagpur.

Mr. Leo Puri

has been a member of our Board of Directors since October 2018. Mr. Leo Puri was the Managing Director of UTI Asset Management
Co. Ltd. from August 2013 to August 2018. In his career of more than 30 years, Mr. Leo Puri has previously worked as Director with
McKinsey & Company and as Managing Director with Warburg Pincus. Mr. Leo Puri has worked in the U.K., the United States and
Asia. Since 1994, he has primarily worked in India. At McKinsey, he has advised leading financial institutions, conglomerates and
investment institutions in strategy and operational issues. He has contributed to the development of knowledge and public policy
through advice to regulators and government officials. At Warburg Pincus, he was responsible for leading and managing investments
across industries in India. He also contributed to financial services investments in the international portfolio as a member of
the global partnership. Mr. Leo Puri has held non-executive board positions at Infosys, Bennett Coleman & Co., Max New York
Life and Max Bupa Health Insurance. He is also a director on the Boards of Hindustan Unilever Limited, Northern Arc Capital Limited
and IndiaIdeas.com Limited. Mr. Leo Puri has a Master’s degree in P.P.E. from University of Oxford, and a Master’s
degree in Law from University of Cambridge.

Ms. Shikha Sharma

has been a member of our Board of Directors since January 2019. Ms. Shikha Sharma was the Managing Director and CEO of Axis Bank,
India’s third largest private sector bank from June 2009 until December 2018. As a leader adept at managing change, she led
the Bank on a transformation journey from being primarily a corporate lender to a bank with a strong retail deposit franchise and
a balanced lending book. Ms. Shikha Sharma has more than three decades of experience in the financial sector, having begun her
career with ICICI Bank Ltd in 1980. During her tenure with the ICICI group, she was instrumental in setting up ICICI Securities.
As Managing Director and CEO of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Ltd., she led that company to become the No. 1 private
sector life insurance company in India. She was a member of the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) Technical Advisory Committee,
the RBI’s panel on Financial Inclusion, and the RBI’s Committee on Comprehensive Financial Services for Small Businesses
and Low-Income Household. She has chaired CII’s National Committee on Banking 2015-2017. Ms. Shikha Sharma holds an MBA from
the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, B.A. (Hons.) in Economics and a Post Graduate Diploma in Software Technology from
National Centre for Software Technology (NCST), Mumbai. Ms. Shikha Sharma is also an independent director on the Boards of Ambuja
Cements Ltd., Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd, Tech Mahindra Ltd and Tata Consumer Products Ltd (Formerly known as Tata Global Beverages
Ltd.). She is a member of the Board of Governors of IIM Lucknow, a member of the Advisory Board of Bridgespan and an advisor
to several companies in India.

82

Mr. Allan Oberman

has been a member of our Board of Directors since March 2019. Mr. Allan Oberman served as the Chief Executive Officer of Concordia
International Corp. from November 2016 until May 2018. In his career of more than 36 years he also served as CEO of Sagent Pharmaceuticals
Inc., and as President and CEO of Teva Americas Generics, a subsidiary of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. Prior to that, Mr.
Allan Oberman served as President of Teva EMIA, where from 2010 to 2012 he was responsible for Eastern Europe, Middle East, Israel
and Africa. From 2008 to 2010, he served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Teva International Group, and from 2000 to 2008,
he served as the President and CEO of Teva Canada (formerly Novopharm Ltd.) From 1996 to 2000, Mr. Allan Oberman was the President
of Best Foods Canada Inc. Mr. Allan Oberman was also Vice Chairman of the Association for Accessible Medicines, and Chairman of
the Canadian Generic Pharmaceutical Association. He served on the Associate Board of the Canadian Association of Chain Drug Stores,
and was a member of the Board of Directors of the Baycrest Centre Foundation, the Electronic Commerce Council, and the Food and
Consumer Products Association of Canada. He holds a MBA from the Schulich School of Business, York University, Toronto and a BA
from Western University, London.

Biographies - Executive Officers

Mr. Erez Israeli

is the Chief Executive Officer effective as of August 1, 2019 and prior to that he was our Chief Operating Officer and the Global
Head of Generics and PSAI business. He has over 26 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. Erez Israeli is an accomplished
leader with a proven track record of achievement. Prior to joining us, Erez was President and Chief Executive Officer of Enzymotec.
Prior to that, he spent 23 years working at Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (“Teva”), where he held several
leadership positions in the API and pharmaceutical (Generics, Specialty and OTC) businesses. He was also the Head of the Global
Quality function for Teva, and has held Board positions at subsidiaries of Teva. He graduated from Bar Ilan University in Israel,
majoring in art, economics and business administration, and received a MBA in Finance and Marketing from Bar Ilan University.

Mr. Saumen Chakraborty

is the President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, he is also responsible for our Global Legal and Compliance and Facility
Management functions, and Global Head of Information Technology and Business Process Excellence (“IT & BPE”). Mr.
Saumen Chakraborty joined us in 2001 as Global Chief of Human Resources. Since 2005, he remained as the Global head of IT &
BPE in addition to his other responsibilities. He has gone through various job rotations within the organization, including two
stints as Chief Financial Officer from 2006 to 2009 and again from 2013 onwards. In between, he was President - Corporate and Global
Generics Operations and subsequently President and Global Head of Quality, Human Resources and Information Technology, whereby
he focused on the integration of people practices, processes and information across the organization. Mr. Saumen Chakraborty has
over 36 years of experience in strategic and operational aspects of management. Prior to joining us, he held various line management,
human resources and other positions, including Senior Manager (Finance and Accounts) in the Eicher Group and Vice President (Operations)
in Tecumseh Products Company. He has received various accolades during his career, including: India’s overall Best CFO awards,
separately by International Market Assessment (“IMA”) and Business Today-Yes Bank; category specific best CFO awards,
separately by CNBC and BW Businessworld; India’s greatest HR professional and awards for HR excellence, separately by ITM,
Deccan Herald and World HR congress; and various Quality and Information Technology leadership awards. He has also held various
Board positions, including ABP Group and Academy of HRD, and served as a member of the National Leadership Committee of CII. He
is on the Board of various joint ventures/subsidiaries of our company. He graduated with honors as the valedictorian of his class
from Visva-Bharati University in Physics and holds Post-Graduate Diploma in Management from the Indian Institute of Management,
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Currently, he is undergoing the Executive Fellow Program in Management (equivalent to Ph.D.) from the
Indian School of Business (ISB).

Mr. M.V. Ramana

is the CEO - Branded Markets (India and Emerging Countries) effective as of April, 2018. In this role, he leads a multicultural
team of 20+ nationalities in 25+ countries. He joined us on October 15, 1992 as a Management Trainee in the International Marketing
division of our Branded Formulations business. In his 28 year tenure, he has handled various critical assignments including setting
up the businesses in several countries across Asia, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. Mr. M.V. Ramana is also a frequent
speaker at various international forums in the pharmaceutical and generics industry. He holds a MBA degree from Osmania University,
Hyderabad, India and has completed the ISB-Kellogg management development program.

Mr. Ganadhish Kamat

is the Global Head of Quality. He has joined us in April 2016 and in this role he is responsible for Global Quality. He has close
to 35 years of rich experience in the pharmaceutical industry. During his long career, Mr. Ganadhish Kamat has worked in leadership
roles in different organizations such as Sandoz, Intas Pharma and Ranbaxy. Prior to joining us, Mr. Ganadhish Kamat was with Lupin
as Executive Vice President – Corporate Quality. He is a member of the International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering
(ISPE) and Parenteral Drug Association (PDA). He holds a Master of Pharmacy degree from Mumbai University and a Diploma in Business
Management from Goa University.

83

Dr. Anil Namboodiripad

is the Global Head of Proprietary Products, Promius Pharma. Promius Pharma is our wholly owned subsidiary that is responsible
for the commercialization of branded products in the United States. He joined us in 2007 and in this role he is responsible for
our Proprietary Products business. He has been one of the main architects of our Proprietary Products business since July 2008,
when systematic efforts towards differentiated formulations were first undertaken. In earlier roles, he was responsible for
leading external research and development and strategic marketing which included establishing research collaborations and “mini
incubators” with various external industry partners and academic bodies. Over the years, his role has grown considerably
with the inclusion of Proprietary Products drug development, regulatory affairs and the dermatology commercial effort under his
leadership. Prior to joining our Company, he spent a number of years at Abbott Laboratories (now Abbvie) and at Bristol-Myers Squibb
in various roles of increasing responsibility including strategic planning, corporate development and global commercial operations.
He started his career as a management consultant with Booz & Co. in New York (formerly Booz Allen Hamilton), where he served
clients on several high level business critical issues within financial services and healthcare. He holds a Ph.D. in Physiology
and Molecular Biophysics from the University of Texas.

Ms. Archana Bhaskar

is the Chief Human Resources Officer (“CHRO”). She joined our company in June 2017. She has over 30 years of experience
across various industries, geographies and companies. She has held senior management roles with Royal Dutch Shell, Singapore where
she headed Human Resources for the Global Commercial businesses and with Unilever, where she held positions of European and global
responsibility, as well as large Indian corporations with whom she consulted in professionalizing Human Resources policies and
practices. She graduated from Lady Shiram College, Delhi University, majoring in Psychology and Mathematics and holds a degree
in Management from the Indian Institute of Management, Bengaluru.

Mr. Sanjay Sharma

is the Global Head of Manufacturing. He joined us in August 2017. He has over 29 years of experience across various industries
such as Coca-Cola and United Breweries handling diverse set of roles spanning across Supply Chain, Manufacturing and Sales in both
emerging and developed markets. He joined us from Hindustan Coca-Cola where he led their Integrated Supply Chain Operations for
India and South Asia. His experience includes running one of the largest sales profit centers for Coca-Cola, India and heading
National Technical Operations for United Breweries in South Africa. He graduated from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT)
Delhi with a degree in Chemical Engineering, completed a one year Business Leader’s program from the Indian Institute of
Management (IIM) Calcutta and a General Management program from IIM Ahmedabad.

Mr. Sauri Gudlavalleti

is the Global Head of Integrated Product Development Organization (“IPDO”). He joined our company in 2015 to head global
portfolio, project management and external partnerships in IPDO. He has diverse experience spanning the automotive, energy, technology
and pharmaceutical sectors. Prior to joining our company, he was a Management Consultant at McKinsey & Co., India, specializing
in Product Development and Operations Transformation. Before that, he has worked at Qualcomm in California developing Micro-Electro-Mechanical
Systems, and at General Electric Global Research in New York developing Fuel Cells and Hydrogen production systems. He has 8 U.S.
patents to his name, and has published in several peer reviewed technical journals. Mr. Sauri Gudlavalleti holds a Bachelor’s
degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, and a Master's degree in Mechanics of Materials
from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He also holds an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.

Mr. P. Yugandhar

is the Global Head of Supply Chain. He has assumed overall responsibility for the Supply Chain function at our company. He
joined us in 2001 as our Manager Supply Chain and has since held positions of increasing responsibility, including Head of Demand
Planning, Mexico Integration, and Head of Europe Supply Chain and Technology. In the last five years, he has contributed significantly
in integrating our Supply Chain globally across Formulations, active pharmaceutical ingredients (“API”), Custom Pharmaceutical
Services (“CPS”), external manufacturing and new product launches. Prior to joining our company, Mr. P. Yugandhar had
successful stints in Eli Lilly Ranbaxy, Pharmacia & Upjohn, Max Pharma, Dabur and Hawkins. Mr. P. Yugandhar holds a Management
degree (Master of Management Studies) from BITS, Pilani.

Dr. Raymond De
Vré
 is the Global Head of Biologics, a division that focuses on the development, manufacturing and commercialization
of biosimilar molecules for emerging markets and highly regulated markets. Dr. Raymond De Vré joined our company in
2012 as head of Commercial for the Biologics division, being based in the Swiss office of our company. In this role, he was instrumental
in building new partnerships and alliances across the world towards further accelerating access to our company’s biosimilars.
Over time, he had increasing responsibilities within Biologics, including Commercial, IP, Regulatory, Strategy, Business Development,
Portfolio as well as Manufacturing. Prior to joining Dr. Reddy's, Dr. Raymond De Vré was a partner with the management consulting
firm McKinsey and Company. Dr. Raymond De Vré worked for 15 years at McKinsey and Company, serving mostly the Generics,
Specialty Chemicals, and Biotech industries across the globe, including the United States, Western Europe and India. Dr. Raymond
De Vré holds a Master’s and Ph.D. degree in Applied Physics from Stanford University, U.S.A and a Master’s degree
in Engineering from the Université Libre of Brussels, Belgium.

84

Mr. Deepak Sapra

is the Global Head of Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (PSAI). Mr. Deepak Sapra joined our company in 2003 from
IIM Bangalore campus and has worked in various roles in Marketing, Sales, Business Development and Portfolio covering most major
markets across the world. He has led important projects on several key organizational initiatives around market opening and building
new businesses. He has also worked as the business unit head for the Custom Pharma Services (CPS) business and helped contribute
significantly towards making it a profitable, sustainable and long-term business. Mr. Deepak Sapra’s education is in engineering
and management. Prior to joining our company, he worked in the Indian Railway Services. He has been a Fulbright fellow and a Chevening
scholar. His first book was published in 2018. He is also the co-founder of a charitable trust that works for people with disabilities
in eastern India.

Mr. Marc Kikuchi

serves as Chief Executive Officer, North America Generics, and is based in the Princeton, New Jersey, office. He is responsible
for leading the North America business and serves as a member of the Board of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. Mr. Marc Kikuchi
is an accomplished CEO, senior supply chain management and business development executive. He has more than 20 years’ experience
in the Pharmaceutical Industry with extensive knowledge and understanding of Generics. Prior to joining our company, Mr. Marc Kikuchi
served as CEO, Americas for Zydus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He has also held professional leadership roles of increasing responsibility
with AmerisourceBergen Corporation, Medrad Inc., PRTM, Johnson & Johnson and Incyte Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Marc Kikuchi earned
his Master of Business Administration from Carnegie Mellon University with concentration in Strategy, Marketing, and Operations
Management. He has a B.A. in Molecular and Cell Biology with Biochemistry emphasis from the University of California at Berkeley.

Mr. Patrick Aghanian

serves as Chief Executive Officer, European Generics. Patrick joined our company in 2019 from Zentiva in Prague/Czech Republic.
Before becoming Head of Zentiva in 2017, he worked for multinational pharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi, GSK and Novartis,
where he held various leadership roles in Eurasia, Middle-East and Europe. Patrick earned his Master of Business Administration
(MBA) from the UCLA Anderson School of Management/University of California, Los Angeles and holds a Bachelor of Arts from the University
of California, Los Angeles.

6.B.
Compensation

Directors’ compensation

Full-Time Directors
:
The compensation of our Chairman of the Board and our Co-Chairman and Managing Director (who we refer to as our “full-time
directors”) is divided into salary, commission and benefits. They are not eligible to participate in our stock option plans.
The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors initially recommends the compensation for full-time
directors. If the Board of Directors (the “Board”) approves the recommendation, it is then submitted to the shareholders
for approval at the general shareholders meeting along with the proposal for their appointment or re-appointment.

The Chairman of our
Board and our Co-Chairman and Managing Director are each entitled to receive a maximum commission of up to 0.75% of our net profit
(as defined under the Indian Companies Act, 2013) for the fiscal year. The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee, which
is entirely composed of independent directors, recommends the commission for the Chairman of our Board and our Co-Chairman and
Managing Director within the limits of 0.75% each, of our net profits (as defined under the Indian Companies Act, 2013) for each
fiscal year.

Non-Full Time Directors:

In the year ended March 31, 2020, none of our non-full time directors were paid any sum as attendance fees. Non-full time directors
are eligible to receive a commission on our net profit (as defined under the Indian Companies Act) for each fiscal year. Our shareholders
have approved a maximum commission of up to 1% of the net profits (as defined under the Indian Companies Act, 2013) for each fiscal
year for all non-full time directors in a year. The Board determines the entitlement of each of the non-full time directors to
commission within the overall limit. The non-full time directors were not granted stock options under the Dr. Reddy’s Employees
Stock Option Scheme, 2002, the Dr. Reddy’s Employees ADR Stock Option Scheme, 2007 or the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock
Option Scheme, 2018 in the year ended March 31, 2020.

For the year ended
March 31, 2020, the directors were entitled to the following amounts as compensation:

(
Amounts Rs. in millions)

Name of Directors   Commission   Salary   Perquisites   Total
Mr. K. Satish Reddy   70.00   18.35   4.24   92.59
Mr. G.V. Prasad   120.00   18.35   5.41   143.76
Dr. Omkar Goswami*   5.30   -   -   5.30
Mr. Anupam Puri**   5.14   -   -   5.14
Ms. Kalpana Morparia   11.35   -   -   11.35

85

Name of Directors   Commission   Salary   Perquisites   Total
Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter   12.26   -   -   12.26
Mr. Sridar Iyengar   13.01   -   -   13.01
Mr. Bharat N. Doshi   12.49   -   -   12.49
Mr. Prasad R. Menon   13.24   -   -   13.24
Mr. Leo Puri   11.88   -   -   11.88
Ms. Shikha Sharma   11.35   -   -   11.35
Mr. Allan Oberman   11.88   -   -   11.88

* Compensation for part of the year, as
his term as an independent director ended on July 30, 2019.

** Compensation for part of the year, as
his term as an independent director ended on July 26, 2019.

Executive officers’ compensation

The initial compensation
to all our executive officers is determined through appointment letters issued at the time of employment. The appointment letter
provides the initial amount of salary and benefits the executive officer will receive as well as a confidentiality provision and
a non-compete provision applicable during the course of the executive officer’s employment with us. We provide salary, certain
perquisites, retirement benefits, stock options and variable pay to our executive officers. The Nomination, Governance and Compensation
Committee of the Board reviews the compensation of executive officers on a periodic basis.

All of our employees
at the managerial and staff levels are eligible to participate in a variable pay program, which consists of performance bonuses
based on the performance of their function or business unit, and a profit sharing plan through which part of our profits can be
shared with our employees. Our variable pay program is aimed at rewarding the individual based on performance of such individual,
their business unit/function and our company as a whole, with significantly higher rewards for superior performances.

We also have three
employee stock option schemes: the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2002, the Dr. Reddy’s Employees
ADR Stock Option Scheme, 2007 and the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2018. The stock option schemes are applicable
to all of our employees including directors and employees and directors of our subsidiaries.

The stock option schemes
are not applicable to promoter directors, promoter employees, non-full time directors (independent directors) and persons holding
2% or more of our outstanding share capital. The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors awards
options pursuant to the stock option schemes based on the employee’s performance appraisal. Some employees have also been
granted options upon joining us.

Compensation for executive
officers who are full time directors is summarized in the table under “Directors’ compensation” above.

The following table
presents the annual compensation paid or payable to other executive officers for services rendered to us for the year ended March
31, 2020 and stock options issued to all of our other executive officers during the year ended March 31, 2020:

Compensation for Executive Officers

FMV
    Value   Par
    Value
Name   Compensation (1)
                                         (2) (Rs.
                                         in millions)   Exercise Price   No.
    of options (3)   Exercise Price   No.
    of options (3)
Mr. Erez Israeli (ADRs)   121.64   Rs.   2,814   44,900   Rs.   5   13,700
Mr. Saumen Chakraborty   71.01   2,814   7,300   5   1,400
Mr. M.V. Ramana   57.48   2,814   5,600   5   1,100
Mr. Ganadhish Kamat   46.74   2,814   2,100   5   400
Dr. Anil Namboodiripad (ADRs)   48.73   -   -   5   3,250
Ms. Archana Bhaskar   47.89   2,814   4,500   5   900
Mr. Sanjay Sharma   45.43   2,814   4,000   5   800
Mr. Sauri Gudlavalleti   25.62   2,814   3,200   5   600
Mr. P. Yugandhar   31.36   2,814   3,200   5   600
Dr. Raymond de Vre   49.45   2,814   4,600   5   3,500
Mr. Deepak Sapra   25.16   2,814   3,200   5   600
Mr. Marc Kikuchi (ADRs)   68.76   2,814   2,600   5   25,500
Mr. Patrick Aghanian (ADRs) (effective as of October 7, 2019)   32.05   -   -   5   3,820

86

(1)   These compensation amounts do not include share based payment expense arising from stock options.
However, the number of options granted during the year are mentioned separately in the above table.

(2)   These compensation amounts include superannuation benefits and provident fund benefits. The executive
officers are also covered under our Gratuity and Compensated Absences Plans along with the other employees. Proportionate amounts
of the cost for gratuity and compensated absences accrued under the plans have not been separately computed or included in the
above disclosure, as the amount payable to the officer is inherently variable and our annual contributions to funds established
to furnish such payments are lump sums based on actuarial projections for the fund as a whole. Refer to Note 27 of our consolidated
financial statements for further details on the foregoing benefits.

(3)   The options vest 25% each year on various dates beginning in the year ended March 31, 2021 and
ending in the year ended March 31, 2024 subject to the employee being in continued service on the date of vesting. The
options expire after five years from the date of vesting. The options are granted under the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option
Scheme, 2002, the Dr. Reddy’s Employees ADR Stock Option Scheme, 2007 and the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme,
2018. For each of the foregoing options, one equity share will be issued upon its exercise.

6.C.
Board practices

Our Articles of Association
require us to have a minimum of three and a maximum of fifteen directors. As of March 31, 2020, we had ten directors
on our Board, of which eight were non-full time independent directors.

The Companies Act,
2013 and our Articles of Association require that at least two-thirds of our directors be subject to re-election by our shareholders
in rotation and that, at every annual general meeting, one-third of the directors who are subject to re-election must retire from
the Board. However, if eligible for re-election, they may be re-elected by our shareholders at the annual general meeting.

Due to India’s
adoption of the Companies Act, 2013, effective as of April 1, 2014, non-full time independent directors are no longer required
to retire from the Board by rotation. As a result, at annual general meetings held after April 1, 2014, our non-full time independent
directors are excluded from the calculation of the two-thirds directors who are subject to re-election by our shareholders in rotation.

Our non-full time
independent directors hold office for a term of up to 5 consecutive years from the date of initial appointment under the provisions
of the Companies Act, 2013. Each such non-full time independent director shall be eligible for re-appointment for a second term
of up to 5 consecutive years if determined in a special resolution passed by our shareholders.

The terms of each
of our directors and their expected expiration dates are provided in the table below:

Name   Expiration of Current Term of Office   Term of Office   Period of Service
Mr. G.V. Prasad (1)   January 29, 2021   5 years   34 years
Mr. K. Satish Reddy (1)   September 30, 2022   5 years   27 years
Ms. Kalpana Morparia (2)(3)   July 30, 2024   5 years   13 years
Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter (2)(4)   July 30, 2022   3 years   12 years
Mr. Sridar Iyengar (2)(5)   July 30, 2023   4 years   9 years
Mr. Bharat N. Doshi (2)   May 10, 2021   5 years   4 years
Mr. Prasad R. Menon (2)   October 29, 2022   5 years   2.5 year
Mr. Leo Puri (2)   October 24, 2023   5 years   1.5 year
Ms. Shikha Sharma (2)   January 30, 2024   5 years   1.2 year
Mr. Allan Oberman (2)   March 25, 2024   5 years   1.1 year

(1)   Full time director.

(2)   Non-full time independent director.

(3)   Shareholders approved second term of 5 continuous years effective July 31, 2019.

(4)   Shareholders approved second term of 3 continuous years effective July 31, 2019.

(5)   Shareholders approved second term of 4 continuous years effective July 31, 2019.

The directors are
not eligible for any termination benefit on the termination of their tenure with us. Our full time directors are subject to retirement
by rotation. As a result, Mr. K. Satish Reddy shall retire by rotation and the proposal to reappoint him is being placed before
our shareholders at our annual general meeting scheduled in July 2020.

Committees of the Board

Committees appointed
by the Board focus on specific areas and take decisions within the authority delegated to them.

87

The Committees also
make specific recommendations to the Board on various matters from time-to-time. All decisions and recommendations of the Committees
are placed before the Board for information or approval. We had seven Board-level Committees as of March 31, 2020:

•   Audit Committee.

•   Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee.

•   Science, Technology and Operations Committee.

•   Risk Management Committee.

•   Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee.

•   Banking and Authorization Committee (formerly known as the Management Committee).

•   Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.

We have adopted charters
for our Audit Committee, Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee, Science, Technology and Operations Committee, Risk
Management Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, formalizing the
applicable committee’s procedures and duties. Each of these charters is available on our website at
http://www.drreddys.com/investors/governance/committees-of-the-board/

Audit Committee
.

Our management is
primarily responsible for our internal controls and financial reporting process. Our independent registered public accounting firm
is responsible for performing independent audits of our financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and for issuing reports based on such audits. The Board of Directors has entrusted the
Audit Committee to supervise these processes and thus ensure accurate and timely disclosures that maintain the transparency, integrity
and quality of financial controls and reporting.

The Audit Committee
consists of the following four non-full time, independent directors as of March 31, 2020:

•   Mr. Sridar Iyengar (Chairman);

•   Mr. Leo Puri;

•   Mr. Bharat Narotam Doshi; and

•   Ms. Shikha Sharma

Our Company Secretary
is the Secretary of the Audit Committee. This Committee met five times during the year ended March 31, 2020. Our independent registered
public accounting firm was generally present at all Audit Committee meetings during the year.

The primary responsibilities
of the Audit Committee are inter alia to:

•   Supervise our financial reporting process;

•   Review our quarterly and annual financial results, along with related public disclosures and filings,
before providing them to the Board;

•   Review the adequacy of our internal controls, including the plan, scope and performance of our
internal audit function;

•   Discuss with management our major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management.

•   Hold discussions with external auditors on the nature, scope and process of audits and any views
that they have about our financial control and reporting processes;

•   Ensure compliance with accounting standards and with listing requirements with respect to the financial
statements;

•   Recommend the appointment and removal of external auditors and their remuneration;

•   Recommend the appointment of cost auditors;

•   Review the independence of auditors;

•   Ensure that adequate safeguards have been taken for legal compliance both for us and for our subsidiaries;

•   Review the financial statements of our subsidiary companies, in particular investments made by
them;

•   Review and approve related party transactions;

88

•   Review the functioning of whistle blower mechanism;

•   Review the implementation of applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, 2002;

•   Scrutinize our inter-company loans and investments;

•   Examine the valuation of our undertakings or assets, wherever it is necessary;

•   Evaluate internal financial controls; and

•   Review suspected fraud, if any, committed against our Company .

Nomination, Governance and Compensation
Committee.

The primary functions
of the Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee are inter alia to:

•   Examine the structure, composition and functioning of the Board, and recommend changes, as necessary,
to improve the Board’s effectiveness;

•   Formulate policies on remuneration of Directors, key managerial personnel and other employees,
and on Board diversity;

•   Formulate criteria for evaluation of Independent Directors and the Board;

•   Assess our policies and processes in key areas of corporate governance, other than those explicitly
assigned to other Board Committees, with a view to ensuring that we are at the forefront of good governance practices; and

•   Regularly examine ways to strengthen our organizational health, by improving the hiring, retention,
motivation, development, deployment and behavior of management and other employees. In this context, the Committee also reviews
the framework and processes for motivating and rewarding performance at all levels of the organization, reviews the resulting compensation
awards, and makes appropriate proposals for Board approval. In particular, it recommends all forms of compensation to be granted
to our Directors, executive officers and key managerial personnel.

The Nomination, Governance
and Compensation Committee also administers our Employee Stock Option Schemes.

The Nomination, Governance
and Compensation Committee consists of the following non-full time, independent directors as of March 31, 2020:

•   Mr. Prasad R. Menon (Chairman);

•   Mr. Bharat Narotam Doshi; and

•   Mr. Leo Puri.

The corporate officer
heading our Human Resources function serves as the Secretary of the Committee. The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee
met three times during the year ended March 31, 2020.

Science, Technology and Operations
Committee.

The primary functions
of the Science, Technology and Operations Committee are inter alia to:

•   Advise our Board and management on scientific, medical and technical matters and operations involving
our development and discovery programs (generic and proprietary), including major internal projects, business development opportunities,
interaction with academic and other outside research organizations;

•   Assist our Board and management in creating valuable intellectual property;

•   Review the status of non-infringement patent challenges; and

•   Assist our Board and management in building and nurturing science in our organization in line with
our business strategy.

The Science,
Technology and Operations Committee consists of the following non-full time, independent directors as of March 31, 2020:

•   Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter (Chairman);

•   Ms. Kalpana Morparia;

•   Mr. Prasad R. Menon; and

•   Mr. Allan Oberman.

89

The corporate officers
heading our Integrated Product Development Operations, Proprietary Products and Biologics functions serve as the Secretary of the
Committee with regard to their respective businesses. The Science, Technology and Operations Committee met four times during the
year ended March 31, 2020.

Risk Management Committee.

The primary functions
of the Risk Management Committee are inter alia to:

•   Discuss with senior management our enterprise risk management and provide oversight as may be needed;

•   Ensure that it is apprised of our more significant risks, including certain country risks and cyber
security risks, along with the risk mitigation steps implemented to ensure effective enterprise risk management; and

•   Review risk disclosure statements in any public documents or disclosures, where applicable.

The Risk Management
Committee consists of the following non-full time, independent directors as of March 31, 2020:

•   Ms. Shikha Sharma (Chairperson);

•   Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter;

•   Mr. Sridar Iyengar; and

•   Mr. Allan Oberman

Our Chief Financial
Officer is the Secretary of the Risk Management Committee. This Committee met three times during the year ended March 31, 2020.

Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”)
Committee.

The primary functions
of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee are inter alia to:

•   Formulate, review and recommend to the Board a corporate social responsibility policy indicating
the activities to be undertaken by us as specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013.

•   Recommend the amount of expenditures to be incurred in connection with our corporate social responsibility
initiatives;

•   Provide guidance on our corporate social responsibility initiatives and monitor their progress;
and

•   Monitor implementation and adherence to our corporate social responsibility policy from time to
time.

The Corporate
Social Responsibility Committee consists of the following directors as of March 31, 2020:

•   Mr. Bharat Narotam Doshi (Chairman);

•   Mr. G.V. Prasad; and

•   Mr. K. Satish Reddy.

Our corporate officer
heading our Corporate Social Responsibility function serves as the Secretary of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.
This Committee met four times during the year ended March 31, 2020.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee.

Effective May 13,
2014, the name of our “Shareholders Grievance Committee” has been changed to “Stakeholders Relationship Committee”
in accordance with the provisions of Section 178 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013. The primary functions of the Stakeholders’
Relationship Committee are inter alia to:

•   Review of investor complaints and how they were redressed;

•   Review of queries received from investors;

•   Review of work done by our share transfer agent; and

•   Review of corporate actions related to our security holders.

The Stakeholders
Relationship Committee consists of the following directors as of March 31, 2020:

•   Ms. Kalpana Morparia (Chairperson);

•   Mr. Bharat Narotam Doshi;

90

•   Mr. G.V. Prasad; and

•   Mr. K. Satish Reddy.

Our Company Secretary
is the Secretary of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee. This Committee met four times during the year ended March 31,
2020.

6.D.
Employees

The following table
sets forth the number of our employees as at March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018.

As at March 31, 2020
India   North America   Europe   Rest of World   Total
Manufacturing (1)   9,561   212   192   347   10,312
Sales and marketing (2)   5,945   69   75   1,371   7,460
Research and development (3)   2,277   21   100   51   2,449
Others (4)   1,042   86   59   242   1,429
Total   18,825   388   426   2,011   21,650

As at March 31, 2019
India   North America   Europe   Rest of World   Total
Manufacturing (1)   10,106   216   186   332   10,840
Sales and marketing (2)   6,039   178   62   1,337   7,616
Research and development (3)   2,052   31   90   41   2,214
Others (4)   938   89   53   216   1,296
Total   19,135   514   391   1,926   21,966

As at March 31, 2018
India   North America   Europe   Rest of World   Total
Manufacturing (1)   11,424   293   168   300   12,185
Sales and marketing (2)   5,972   181   62   1,403   7,618
Research and development (3)   2,196   37   124   28   2,385
Others (4)   966   101   53   216   1,336
Total   20,558   612   407   1,947   23,524

(1)   Includes quality, technical services and warehouse.

(2)   Includes business development.

(3)   Includes employees engaged in contract research services provided to other companies.

(4)   Includes shared services, corporate business development and the intellectual property management
team.

We did not experience
any significant work stoppages in the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, and we consider our relationship with our employees
and labor unions to be good. Approximately 4.5% of our employees belong to labor unions.

6.E.
Share ownership

The following table
sets forth, as of March 31, 2020 for each of our directors and executive officers, the total number of our equity shares and options
owned by them:

FMV Value   Par Value
Name   No. of Shares Held (1) (2)   % of Outstanding Capital   Exercise Price   No. of options held (4)   Exercise Price   No. of options held (4)   Exercise Price   No. of options held (4)
Mr. G.V. Prasad (3)   1,117,940   0.67   -   -   -   -   -   -
Mr. K. Satish Reddy (3)   898,432   0.54   -   -   -   -   -   -
Ms. Kalpana Morparia (3)   10,800   0.01   -   -   -   -   -   -
Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter (ADRs) (3)   7,800   0.00   -   -   -   -   -   -
Mr. Prasad R. Menon (3)   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Mr. Sridar Iyengar (3)   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Mr. Bharat N. Doshi (3)   1,000   0.00   -   -   -   -   -   -
Mr. Leo Puri (3)   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Ms. Shikha Sharma (3)   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Mr. Allan Oberman (3)   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -
Mr. Erez Israeli (ADRs)   -   -   Rs.   2,814   44,900   Rs.   1,982   102,960   Rs.   5   22,510

91

FMV Value   Par Value
Name   No. of Shares Held (1) (2)   % of Outstanding Capital   Exercise Price   No. of options held (4)   Exercise Price   No. of options held (4)   Exercise Price   No. of options held (4)
Mr. Saumen Chakraborty   45,125   0.03   2,814   7,300   2,607   10,900   5   7,900
Mr. M.V. Ramana   23,876   0.01   2,814   5,600   2,607   8,400   5   6,680
Mr. Ganadhish Kamat   4,072   0.00   2,814   2,100   2,607   6,300   5   3,824
Dr. Anil Namboodiripad (ADRs)   12,328   0.01   -   -   -   -   5   8,600
Ms. Archana Bhaskar   1,600   0.00   2,814   4,500   2,607   6,800   5   6,600
Mr. Sanjay Sharma   -   -   2,814   4,000   2,607   5,900   5   1,600
Mr. Sauri Gudlavalleti   776   0.00   2,814   3,200   2,607   3,900   5   3,668
Mr. P. Yugandhar   2,000   0.00   2,814   3,200   2,607   3,450   5   3,068
Mr. Raymond de Vre   10,879   0.01   2,814   4,600   2,607   7,300   5   9,989
Mr. Deepak Sapra   4,462   0.00   2,814   3,200   2,607   3,900   5   2,886
Mr. Marc Kikuchi (ADRs)   -   -   2,814   2,600   -   -   5   25,500
Mr. Patrick Aghanian (ADRs)   -   -   -   -   -   -   5   3,820

(1)   Shares held in their individual name only.

(2)   All shares have voting rights.

(3)   Not eligible for grant of stock options.

(4)   The options vest on various dates between the year ending March 31, 2021 and the year ending March
31, 2024. The options expire after five years from the date of vesting. Each of the options results in the issuance of one equity
share upon its exercise.

Employee Stock Incentive Plans

We have adopted a
number of stock option incentive plans covering either our ordinary shares or our ADSs, and we are currently operating under the
Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2002 (the “DRL 2002 Plan”), the Dr. Reddy’s Employees ADR Stock
Option Scheme, 2007 (the “DRL 2007 Plan”) and the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2018 (the “DRL
2018 Plan”). During the year ended March 31, 2020, options to purchase ordinary shares and ADSs were awarded to various of
our executive officers and other employees under the DRL 2002 Plan and the DRL 2007 Plan. Such awards consisted of an aggregate
of 139,078 options granted having an exercise price of Rs.5 per share or ADS, and an aggregate of 61,700 options granted at a fair
market value based exercise price of Rs.2,814 per share. Each such option granted had an expiration date of five years from the
vesting date, and each grant provided for time-based vesting in 25% increments over four years.

Under the DRL 2018
Plan, an aggregate of 167,500 and 2,400 options were granted at fair market value, having an average exercise price of Rs.2,814
per share and Rs.3,031 per share, respectively. The Dr. Reddy’s Employees ESOS Trust was formed to support the DRL 2018 Plan
by acquiring, including through secondary market acquisitions, equity shares which are issued to eligible employees upon exercise
of stock options thereunder. Under the DRL 2018 Plan, out of the 405,600 options granted at fair market value, the Dr. Reddy’s
Employees ESOS Trust has purchased 397,100 shares at an average rate of Rs.2,540 for transferring the shares to such employees
upon exercise of these options.

For the years ended
March 31, 2020 and 2019, Rs.521 million and Rs.389 million, respectively, have been recorded as employee share-based payment expense
under all of our employee stock incentive plans. As of March 31, 2020, there was Rs.515 million of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to unvested stock options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.93 years. For
further information regarding our options and stock option incentive plans, see Note 28 to our consolidated financial statements.

92

ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS

7.A.
Major shareholders

All of our equity
shares have the same voting rights. As of March 31, 2020, a total of 26.75% of our equity shares were held by the following parties:

•   Mr. G.V. Prasad (Co-Chairman and Managing Director);

•   Mr. K. Satish Reddy (Chairman of the Board);

•   Mrs. K. Samrajyam, mother of Mr. K. Satish Reddy, and Mrs. G. Anuradha, wife of Mr. G.V. Prasad
(hereafter collectively referred as the “Family Members”); and

•   Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited (formerly known as Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Private Limited),
a company in which the APS Trust owns 83.11% of the equity and the remainder is held by Mr. G.V. Prasad HUF, Mr. K. Satish Reddy
individually and as HUF and the Family Members. Mr. G.V. Prasad, Mr. K. Satish Reddy, Mrs. G. Anuradha, Mrs. Deepti Reddy and their
bloodline descendants are the beneficiaries of the APS Trust. Mr. G.V. Prasad, Mr. K. Satish Reddy, Mrs. G. Anuradha and Mrs. Deepti
Reddy are the sole members of the Board of Directors of Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited. Mr. G.V. Prasad and Mr. K. Satish Reddy
are the sole trustees of the APS trust.

The following table
sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares by the foregoing persons as of March 31, 2020:

Equity
Shares Beneficially Owned (1)
Name   Number of Shares   Percentage of Shares
Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited (2)   41,325,300   24.87   %
Mr. G.V. Prasad (2)   1,117,940   0.67   %
Mr. K. Satish Reddy (2)   898,432   0.54   %
Family Members   1,116,856   0.67   %
Subtotal   44,458,528   26.75   %
Others/public float   121,713,554   73.25   %
Total number of shares outstanding   166,172,082   100.00   %

(1)   Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, which provides that shares are beneficially owned by any person who has voting or investment power with respect to
the shares. All information with respect to the beneficial ownership of any principal shareholder has been furnished by that shareholder
and, unless otherwise indicated below, we believe that persons named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with
respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable.

(2)   The APS Trust owns approximately 83.11% of the equity of Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited,
and thus may be deemed to beneficially own all of the equity shares directly held by Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited. Mr. G.V.
Prasad and Mr. K. Satish Reddy are the sole trustees of the APS Trust. Accordingly, each of Mr. G.V. Prasad and Mr. K.
Satish Reddy may be deemed to beneficially own all of the equity shares directly held by Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited.
Each of Mr. G.V. Prasad and Mr. K. Satish Reddy disclaims such beneficial ownership pursuant to Rule 13d-4 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

In addition, the Deed of Family
Settlement of the APS Trust provides for the parties thereto to exercise all rights, including voting rights, with respect to their
personally held equity shares in accordance with the directions of the board of trustees of the APS Trust. As a result, each of
Mr. K. Satish Reddy and Mr. G.V. Prasad may be deemed to beneficially own all of the equity shares directly held by each
other or by any of the other parties to such Deed of Family Settlement. Based on the Amendment No. 3 to Schedule 13D filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 18, 2017, such equity shares held by other parties to the Deed of Family
Settlement consisted of, in each case as of October 4, 2017, an aggregate of 1,115,360 equity shares directly held by Mrs. K.
Samrajyam (mother of Mr. K. Satish Reddy) and 1,496 equity shares directly held by Mrs. G. Anuradha (wife of Mr. G.V.
Prasad). Each of Mr. G.V. Prasad and Mr. K. Satish Reddy disclaims all such beneficial ownership pursuant to Rule 13d-4
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Note that our Board of Directors
and shareholders have approved the merger of Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited into Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited, as
more particularly described in Note 38 to our consolidated financial statements.

As otherwise stated
above and to the best of our knowledge, we are not owned or controlled directly or indirectly by any government or by any other
corporation or by any other natural or legal persons. We are not aware of any arrangement, the consummation of which may at a subsequent
date result in a change in our control.

93

The following shareholders
held more than 5% of our equity shares as of:

March 31, 2020   March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
Name   No. of equity shares held   % of equity shares held   No. of equity shares held   % of equity shares held   No. of equity shares held   % of equity shares held
Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited (1)   41,325,300   24.87   %   41,325,300   24.88   %   41,083,500   24.76   %
Life Insurance Corporation of India and Associates   8,468,983   5.10   %   6,486,864   3.91   %   7,361,709   4.44   %
Mitsubishi -UFJ Financial Group, Stewart and their associates (formerly First State Investments Management (UK) Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia and their associates) (2)   7,540,098   4.54   %   11,838,598   7.13   %   10,726,942   6.47   %

(1)   Each of the APS Trust, Mr. G.V. Prasad and Mr. K. Satish Reddy may be deemed to beneficially own
all of the equity shares directly held by Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited, as described in footnote (2) to the table on the
preceding page.

(2)   In addition to the equity shares disclosed in the above table, Mitsubishi-UFJ Financial Group,
Stewart and their associates held an additional 253,449 ADSs of our company as of March 31, 2020, bringing their total percentage
of equity shares held to 4.69%.

As of March 31, 2020,
we had 166,172,082 outstanding equity shares. As of March 31, 2020, there were 119,168 record holders of our equity shares listed
and traded on the Indian stock exchanges. Our American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) are listed on the New York Stock
Exchange. One ADS represents one equity share of Rs.5 par value per share. As of March 31, 2020, 14.10% of our issued and outstanding
equity shares were held by ADS holders. On March 31, 2020 we had approximately 58 registered shareholders and 15,561 beneficial
shareholders of record in the United States.

7.B.
Related party transactions

Refer to Note 29 of
our consolidated financial statements.

7.C.
Interests of experts and counsel

Not applicable.

94

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION

8.A. Consolidated statements and other
financial information

The following financial
statements and auditors’ report appear under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F and are incorporated herein by reference:

•   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms

•   Consolidated statement of financial position as of March 31, 2020 and 2019

•   Consolidated income statement for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018

•   Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018

•   Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018

•   Consolidated statement of cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Our financial statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 20-F have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The financial statements included herein are for our three most recent
fiscal years.

Amount of Export Sales

For the year ended
March 31, 2020, our export revenues (i.e., revenues from all geographies other than India) were Rs.142,511 million, and accounted
for 82% of our total revenues.

Legal Proceedings

Refer to Note 32 of
our consolidated financial statements.

Dividend Policy

In the years ended
March 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, we paid cash dividends of Rs.20 per equity share, Rs.20 per equity share and Rs.20 per equity share,
respectively. Every year our Board of Directors recommends the amount of dividends to be paid to shareholders, if any, based upon
conditions then existing, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. At our Board of
Directors’ meeting held on May 20, 2020, the Board of Directors proposed a dividend per share of Rs.25 and aggregating to
Rs.4,154 million, all of which is subject to the approval of our shareholders.

Holders of our ADSs
are entitled to receive dividends payable on equity shares represented by such ADSs. Cash dividends on equity shares represented
by our ADSs are paid to the depositary in Indian rupees and are converted by the depositary into U.S. dollars and distributed,
net of depositary fees, taxes, if any, and expenses, to the holders of such ADSs.

8.B.
Significant changes

Refer to Note 42 to
our consolidated financial statements.

95

ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING

9.A.
Offer and listing details

See Item 9.C “Markets”
below. See also Exhibit 2.2 (“Description of the Securities”) to this Annual Report on Form 20-F.

9.B.
Plan of distribution

Not applicable.

9.C.
Markets

Markets on Which Our Shares Trade

Our equity shares
are traded on the BSE Limited (formerly known as the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited) (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange
of India Limited (“NSE”), (collectively, the “Indian Stock Exchanges”) under the ticker symbols “500124”
and “DRREDDY”, respectively. Our American Depositary Shares (or “ADSs”), as evidenced by American Depositary
Receipts (or “ADRs”), are traded in the United States on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the
ticker symbol “RDY.” Each ADS represents one equity share. Our ADSs began trading on the NYSE on April 11, 2001. Our
shareholders approved the delisting of our shares from the Hyderabad Stock Exchange Limited, The Ahmedabad Stock Exchange Limited,
The Madras Stock Exchange Limited and The Calcutta Stock Exchange Association Limited at the general shareholders meeting held
on August 25, 2003.

9.D.
Selling shareholders

Not applicable.

9.E.
Dilution

Not applicable.

9.F.
Expenses of the issue

Not applicable.

ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

10.A.
Share capital

Not applicable.

10.B.
Memorandum and articles of
association

Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories Limited was incorporated under the Indian Companies Act, 1956. We are registered with the Registrar of Companies,
Hyderabad, Telangana, India, with Company Identification No. L85195AP1984PLC004507. Our company’s registration number changed
to L85195TG1984PLC004507 effective as of June 2, 2014.

Our registered office
is located at 8-2-337, Road No. 3, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana 500 034, India and the telephone number of our registered
office is +91-40-49002900. The summary of our Articles of Association and Memorandum of Association that is included in our registration
statement on Form F-1 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on April 11, 2001, together
with copies of the Articles of Association and Memorandum of Association that are included in our registration statement on Form
F-1, are incorporated herein by reference.

The Memorandum and
Articles of Association were amended at the 17th Annual General Meeting held on September 24, 2001, 18th Annual General Meeting
held on August 26, 2002, the 20th Annual General Meeting held on July 28, 2004 and the 22nd Annual General Meeting held on July
28, 2006. A full description of these amendments was given in the Form 20-F filed with the SEC on September 30, 2003, September
30, 2004 and October 2, 2006, which description is incorporated herein by reference. The Memorandum and Articles of Association
were amended at the 22nd Annual General Meeting held on July 28, 2006 to increase the authorized share capital in connection with
the stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend that occurred on August 30, 2006.

96

The Memorandum and
Articles of Association were further amended in accordance with the terms of an Order of the High Court of Judicature, Andhra Pradesh,
dated June 12, 2009 to effect an increase in our parent company’s authorized share capital pursuant to the amalgamation of
Perlecan Pharma Private Limited into our parent company. In a related order dated June 12, 2009, the High Court concluded that
there was no need to have a shareholders’ meeting in order to affect such amendment.

The Memorandum and
Articles of Association were further amended in accordance with the terms of an Order of the High Court of Judicature, Andhra Pradesh,
dated July 19, 2010 to provide for the capitalization or utilization of undistributed profit or retained earnings or security premium
account or any other reserve or fund of ours with the approval of our shareholders in connection with our bonus debentures.

The Memorandum and
Articles of Association were amended by adopting a new set of Articles of Association which replaced and superseded in its entirety
our then existing Articles of Association. This was primarily done to align the Articles of Association with the new Companies
Act, 2013 and the rules thereunder. This amendment was approved by our shareholders on September 17, 2015. The new Articles of
Association were furnished to the SEC on a Form 6-K on September 25, 2015.

For a further discussion
of the Memorandum and Articles of Association, see Exhibit 2.2 (“Description of the Securities”) to this Annual Report
on Form 20-F.

10.C.
Material contracts

Except as otherwise disclosed in the exhibits
to this Annual Report, and other than the contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, there are no material contracts
to which we or any of our direct and indirect subsidiaries is a party that are to be performed in whole or in part at or after
the filing of this Form 20- F
.

10.D.
Exchange controls

Foreign investment
in Indian securities, whether in the form of foreign direct investment or in the form of portfolio investment, is governed by the
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended (“FEMA”), and the rules, regulations and notifications issued thereunder.
Set forth below is a summary of the restrictions on transfers applicable to both foreign direct investments and portfolio investments,
including the requirements under Indian law applicable to the issuance and transfer of ADSs.

Foreign Direct Investment

FEMA empowers the
Reserve Bank of India (the “RBI”) to frame regulations to prohibit, restrict or regulate the transfer or issuance of
any security by a person resident outside India. These regulations were published as the Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer
or Issue of Security by a Person resident Outside India) Regulations, 2017. The Central Government superseded these regulations
on October 17, 2019 through its notification of the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019.

As per these regulations,
foreign direct investments can be made in India, other than in certain prohibited sectors, through the “automatic route”
or, if the sectors or activities are not permitted under the automatic route, then under the “government route”. If
the automatic route applies, then the non-resident investor or the Indian company does not require any approval from Government
of India for the investment. If the government route applies, then prior approval of the Government of India is required. Proposals
for foreign investment under the government route, are considered by the respective administrative ministry or department.

These regulations
also contain provisions regarding sector specific guidelines for foreign direct investment and the levels of permitted equity participation.
The total foreign investment shall not exceed the sectoral or statutory cap limit indicated for each sector. In sectors or activities
for which no sectoral or statutory cap limit is indicated or not prohibited under these regulations, foreign investment is permitted
up to 100% under the automatic route, subject to applicable laws/regulations, security and other conditions.

In May 1994, the Government
of India announced that purchases by foreign investors of ADSs, as evidenced by ADRs, and foreign currency convertible bonds of
Indian companies would be treated as foreign direct investment in the equity issued by Indian companies for such offerings. Therefore,
offerings that involve the issuance of equity that results in Foreign Direct Investors holding more than the stipulated percentage
of direct foreign investments (which depends on the category of industry) would require approval from the Foreign Investment Promotion
Board.

97

For investments in
the pharmaceutical sector, the Foreign Direct Investment limit is 100%. However, unlike Foreign Direct Investments in new pharmaceutical
projects (sometimes called “greenfield” investments), Foreign Direct Investments in existing Indian pharmaceutical
companies (sometimes called “brownfield” investments) are nonetheless subject to approval by the Foreign Investment
Promotion Board in excess of 74% (which can incorporate conditions for its approval at the time of grant). Thus, foreign ownership
of in excess of 74% of our equity shares would be allowed but would require certain approvals.

The Ministry of Finance
abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board in May 2017 and the processing of applications for Foreign Direct Investment
and approval of the Government thereon under the Policy and FEMA, was transferred to be handled by the concerned Ministries/Departments
in consultation with the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade.

Portfolio Investment Scheme

Under Indian law,
persons or entities residing outside of India cannot acquire securities of an Indian company listed on a stock exchange (“Portfolio
Investments”) unless such non-residents are (a) persons of Indian nationality or origin residing outside of India (also known
as Non-Resident Indians or “NRIs”) or (b) registered Foreign Institutional Investors (“FIIs”) or Foreign
Portfolio Investors (“FPIs”).

Portfolio Investments
by NRIs

A variety of methods
for investing in shares of Indian companies are available to NRIs. These methods allow NRIs to make Portfolio Investments in existing
shares and other securities of Indian companies on a basis not generally available to other foreign investors.

Portfolio Investments
by FIIs

In September 1992,
the Government of India issued guidelines that enable FIIs, including institutions such as pension funds, investment trusts, asset
management companies, nominee companies and incorporated/institutional portfolio managers, to invest in all of the securities traded
on the primary and secondary markets in India. Under the guidelines, FIIs are required to obtain an initial registration from the
Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), and a general permission from the RBI to engage in transactions regulated
under the Foreign Exchange Management Act. FIIs must also comply with the provisions of the SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors
Regulations) 1995. When it receives the initial registration, the FII also obtains general permission from the RBI to engage in
transactions regulated under the Foreign Exchange Management Act. Together, the initial registration and the RBI’s general
permission enable the registered FII to: (i) buy (subject to the ownership restrictions discussed below) and sell unrestricted
securities issued by Indian companies; (ii) realize capital gains on investments made through the initial amount invested in India;
(iii) participate in rights offerings for shares; (iv) appoint a domestic custodian for custody of investments held; and (v) repatriate
the capital, capital gains, dividends, interest income and any other compensation received pursuant to rights offerings of shares.

Portfolio Investments
by FPIs

The regime permitting
Portfolio Investments by FIIs was previously governed by the SEBI (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014 (the “2014
FPI Regulations”). Further with a view to ease investments by FPIs, the 2014 FPI Regulations were amended through the SEBI
(Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, which was notified on September 23, 2019 (the “2019 FPI Regulations”
and, together with the 2014 FPI Regulations, the “FPI Regulations”).

A person which has
been registered as a FPI under chapter II of the 2019 FPI Regulations may purchase or sell capital instruments of an Indian company
on a recognized stock exchange in India as well as purchase shares and convertible debentures offered to the public under the FPI
Regulations.

A FPI is defined as
any investment made by a person resident outside India in capital instruments where such investment is (a) less than 10% of the
post issue paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis of a listed Indian company or (b) less than 10% of the paid up value
of each series of capital instruments of a listed Indian company. FPIs are subject to ownership limits in Portfolio Investments,
as further described below, and only certain categories of FPIs may invest or deal in exchange traded derivative contracts approved
by SEBI from time to time. FPIs are required to be registered with the designated depositary participant on behalf of SEBI subject
to compliance with “Know Your Customer” rules.

The 2019 FPI Regulations
have categorized FPIs based on regulatory status and country of residence — that is, whether the entity is from a Financial
Action Task Force (“FATF”) member country. The operating guidelines have provided guidance on re-categorization of
FPIs. While Category-I FPIs under the 2014 FPI Regulations would remain the same, the former Category-II FPIs have been re-characterized
under the 2019 FPI Regulations as Category-I or –II, depending upon their eligibility.

A FPI may purchase
or sell capital instruments of an Indian company on a recognized stock exchange in India as well as purchase shares and convertible
debentures offered to the public under the FPI Regulations.

98

Further, a FPI may
sell shares or convertible debentures so acquired (i) in an open offer in accordance with the Securities Exchange Board of India
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; or (ii) in an open offer in accordance with the Securities
Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; or (iii) through buyback of shares by a listed Indian company
in accordance with the Securities Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018. A FPI may also acquire shares
or convertible debentures (i) in any bid for, or acquisition of securities in response to an offer for disinvestment of shares
made by the central government or any state government of India; or (ii) in any transaction in securities pursuant to an agreement
entered into with merchant banker in the process of market making or subscribing to unsubscribed portion of the issue in accordance
with SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.

Ownership restrictions

The SEBI and the RBI
regulations restrict portfolio investments in Indian companies by FIIs, NRIs and FPIs, all of which we refer to as “foreign
portfolio investors.” Under current Indian law, FPIs may in the aggregate hold not more than 24.0% of the equity shares of
an Indian company, and NRIs in the aggregate may hold not more than 10.0% of the shares of a publicly traded Indian company through
portfolio investments.

The Foreign Exchange
Management (Non-Debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 (the "NDI Rules") has brought about a substantial change in the Schedule
II to the NDI Rules, stating that effective as of April 1, 2020, the aggregate limit would be the sectoral cap applicable to such
Indian company. An Indian company may, with the approval by resolution of its board of directors and by special resolution of its
members: (i) decrease the aggregate limit before March 31, 2020 to a lower threshold of 24%, 49% or 74%, as it deems fit, or (ii)
increase the aggregate limit to 49% or 74%, or the sectoral cap or statutory ceiling, as it deems fit. However, once the aggregate
limit is increased, the limit cannot be reduced later.

If a FPI’s investments
exceed the prescribed limits, the FPI will have the option to divest its excess holdings within 5 trading days, failing which the
entire investment in the company will be considered a Foreign Direct Investment (“FDI”). If the investment falls under
a category where FDI is prohibited, the aggregate FPI limit is capped at 24%.

No single FPI may
hold more than 10.0% of the shares of an Indian company and no single NRI may hold more than 5.0% of the shares of an Indian company.
If multiple entities have at least 50% overlap in their ownership (direct or ultimate beneficial owners), then such entities shall
be treated as part of the same group and the above percentage of FPI investment limit shall apply to the entire group as if they
were a single FPI.

On September 24, 2001,
our shareholders have passed a resolution enhancing the limits of portfolio investment by FIIs in the aggregate to 49%. NRIs in
the aggregate may hold not more than 10.0% of our equity shares through portfolio investments. Holders of ADSs are not subject
to the rules governing FPIs unless they convert their ADSs into equity shares.

As of March 31, 2020,
FIIs and FPIs collectively held 30.15% of our equity shares and NRIs held 0.99% of our equity shares.

In September 2011,
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) enacted the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
Regulations, 2011 (the “2011 Takeover Code”), which replaces the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
Regulations, 1997.

Under the 2011 Takeover
Code, upon acquisition of shares or voting rights in a publicly listed Indian company (the “target company”) such that
the aggregate shareholding of the acquirer (meaning a person who directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or
voting rights in the target company, or acquires or agrees to acquire control over the target company, either alone or together
with any persons acting in concert), is 5% or more of the shares of the target company, the acquirer is required to, within two
working days of such acquisition, disclose the aggregate shareholding and voting rights in the target company to the target company
and to the stock exchanges in which the shares of the target company are listed.

Furthermore, an acquirer
who, together with persons acting in concert with such acquirer, holds shares or voting rights entitling them to 5% or more of
the shares or voting rights in a target company must disclose every sale or acquisition of shares representing 2% or more of the
shares or voting rights of the target company to the target company and to the stock exchanges in which the shares of the target
company are listed within two working days of such acquisition or sale or receipt of intimation of allotment of such shares.

Every acquirer, who
together with persons acting in concert with such acquirer, holds shares or voting rights entitling such acquirer to exercise 25%
or more of the voting rights in a target company, has to disclose to the target company and to stock exchanges in which the shares
of the target company are listed, their aggregate shareholding and voting rights as of the thirty-first day of March, in such target
company within seven working days from the end of the fiscal year of that company.

99

The acquisition of
shares or voting rights that entitles the acquirer to exercise 25% or more of the voting rights in or control over the target company
triggers a requirement for the acquirer to make an open offer to acquire additional shares representing at least 26% of the total
shares of the target company for an offer price determined as per the provisions of the 2011 Takeover Code. The acquirer is required
to make a public announcement for an open offer on the date on which it is agreed to acquire such shares or voting rights. Such
open offer shall only be for such number of shares as is required to adhere to the maximum permitted non-public shareholding.

Since we are a listed
company in India, the provisions of the 2011 Takeover Code will apply to us and to any person acquiring our ADSs, equity shares
or voting rights in our company.

Pursuant to the 2011
Takeover Code, we must report to the Indian stock exchanges on which our equity shares are listed, any disclosures made to us under
2011 Takeover Code.

Holders of ADSs may
be required to comply with such notification and disclosure obligations pursuant to the provisions of the Deposit Agreement entered
into by such holders, our company and the depositary of our ADRs.

Subsequent transfer of shares

A person resident
outside India holding the shares or debentures of an Indian company may transfer the equity instruments held by him, in compliance
with the conditions specified in the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 ("NDI Rules"), as
follows:

(i)   A person resident outside India who is not a NRI, an overseas citizen of India or a former Overseas
Corporate Body (“OCB”), may transfer by way of sale or gift, the equity instruments held by him to any person resident
outside India;

(ii)   A NRI may transfer by way of sale or gift, the equity instruments held by that person to another
NRI or to any person resident outside India; or

(iii)   A person resident outside India holding the equity instruments of an Indian company in accordance
with the NDI Rules, (a) may transfer such equity instrument to a person resident in India by way of sale or gift; or (b) may sell
such equity instrument on a recognized Stock Exchange in India through a registered broker.

In enacting the NDI
Rules, the Central Government superseded the Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Securities by a person Resident
Outside India) Regulations, 2017.

The NDI Rules give
the readers a consolidated view of the transfer or issue of securities by a person resident outside India and also clarifies several
aspects of FDI. These regulations aim towards further simplification and provide greater clarity on differentiation between FDI
and FPI.

ADS guidelines

Shares of Indian companies
represented by ADSs may be approved for issuance to foreign investors by the Government of India under the Issue of Foreign Currency
Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through Depositary Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 (the “1993 Scheme”), as modified
from time to time, promulgated by the Government of India. The 1993 Scheme is in addition but without prejudice to the other policies
or facilities, as described below, relating to investments in Indian companies by foreign investors. The issuance of ADSs pursuant
to the 1993 Scheme also affords to holders of the ADSs the benefits of Section 115AC of the Income Tax Act, 1961 for purpose of
the application of Indian tax laws. In March 2001, the RBI issued a notification permitting, subject to certain conditions, two-way
fungibility of ADSs. This notification provides that ADSs converted into Indian shares can be converted back into ADSs, subject
to compliance with certain requirements and the limits of sectorial caps.

The Ministry of Finance,
Government of India, enacted The Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014 (the “Depository Receipts Scheme”) effective as of
December 15, 2014. In order to facilitate the issuance of depository receipts by Indian companies outside India, the Depository
Receipts Scheme repeals the former provisions dealing with depository receipts in the Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary
Shares (Through Depositary Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993. The Depository Receipts Scheme now governs the issue or transfer of
permissible securities to a foreign depository by eligible persons and defines the rights and duties of a foreign depository and
obligations of a domestic custodian.

100

There are certain
relaxations provided under the Depository Receipts Scheme subject to prior approval of the Ministry of Finance. For example, a
registered broker is permitted to purchase shares of an Indian company on behalf of a person resident outside of India for the
purpose of converting those shares into ADSs. However, such conversion is subject to compliance with the provisions of the Depository
Receipts Scheme and the periodic guidelines issued by the regulatory authorities. Therefore depository receipts converted into
Indian shares may be converted back into depository receipts, subject to certain limits of sectorial caps.

Under the Depository
Receipts Scheme, a foreign depository may take instructions from depository receipts holders to exercise the voting rights with
respect to the underlying equity securities. Additionally, a domestic custodian has been defined to include a custodian of securities,
an Indian depository, a depository participant or a bank having permission from SEBI to provide services as custodian.

Further, the Depository
Receipts Scheme provides that the aggregate of permissible securities which may be issued or transferred to foreign depositories
for issue of depository receipts, along with permissible securities already held by persons resident outside India, shall not exceed
the limit on foreign holding of such permissible securities under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999.

SEBI introduced a
framework for the issuance of Depository Receipts (“DRs”) by companies listed on stock exchanges in India and
for the “permissible securities” underlying any such DR issuance (“DR Framework”), pursuant to its circular
dated October 10, 2019. The requirements for issuance of DRs set out in the DR Framework are in addition to the requirements under
the Companies Act, 2013 and rules thereunder, the 2014 Scheme and the foreign exchange regulations. The key aspects provided under
the DR framework are:

·   Eligible Issuer –Only a Company incorporated in India and listed on a recognized stock exchange
in India is allowed to issue and only their holders may transfer permissible securities, as the underlying securities for issuance
of DRs.

·   Permissible Holders – Indian residents and NRIs are not allowed to be permissible holders
or beneficial owners of DRs.

·   Obligations of Listed Company – The listed company must comply with applicable laws and regulations
and ensure that only permissible securities are issued as the underlying securities for any DR issuance.

·   Minimum Public Shareholding – In the case of issuance of new DRs, the listed company shall
ensure that the limit on foreign holding of permissible securities as prescribed under applicable FEMA regulations is not exceeded
and shall comply with the minimum public shareholding norms in India, after excluding the permissible securities held by the depository.

·   Minimum Price - The minimum price for the issuance or transfer of permissible securities is the
price applicable to the corresponding mode of issue (i.e., public offer, preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement)
to domestic investors in India under applicable laws.

The jurisdictions
where DRs may be issued and exchanges where DRs may be listed pursuant to the DR Framework were notified pursuant to a circular
dated November 28, 2019. While the DR framework for listed entities has been operationalized, further amendments and requirements
may be notified from time to time.

Under the DR framework,
‘permissible securities’ has also been defined to mean “equity shares and debt securities, which are in a dematerialized
form and rank pari passu with the securities issued and listed on a Recognized stock exchange“. Previously, under the 2014
Depository Receipts Scheme, companies were only required to comply with eligibility requirements pertaining to prohibition from
accessing capital markets or dealing in securities.

The Department of
Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance made amendments to certain provisions of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957
pursuant to Securities Contracts (Regulation) (Amendment) Rules, 2015, on February 25, 2015. An amended, the “public shareholding”
for our equity shares held by the public includes shares underlying depository receipts if the holder of such depository receipts
has the right to issue voting instruction and such depository receipts are listed on an international stock exchange in accordance
with the Depository Receipts Scheme.

101

Fungibility of ADSs

A registered broker
in India can purchase shares of an Indian company that issued ADSs, on behalf of a person residing outside India, for the purposes
of converting the shares into ADSs.

The Depository Receipts
Scheme states that the aggregate of permissible securities which may be issued or transferred to foreign depositories for issue
of depository receipts, along with permissible securities already held by persons resident outside lndia, shall not exceed the
limit on foreign holding of such permissible securities under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999.

Transfer of ADSs

A person resident
outside India may transfer ADSs held in an Indian company to another person resident outside India without any permission. A person
resident in India is not permitted to hold ADSs of an Indian company, except in connection with the exercise of stock options.

Shareholders resident
outside India who intend to sell or otherwise transfer equity shares within India should seek the advice of Indian counsel to understand
the requirements applicable at that time.

102

10.E.
Taxation

Indian Taxation

General.
The
following summary is based on the law and practice of the Income-tax Act, 1961 (the “Income-tax Act”), including the
special tax regime contained in Sections 115AC and 115ACA of the Income-tax Act read with the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible
Bonds and Ordinary Shares (through Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 (collectively, the “Income-tax Act Scheme”),
as amended on January 19, 2000. The Income-tax Act is amended every year by the Finance Act of the relevant year. Some or all of
the tax consequences of Sections 115AC and 115ACA may be amended or changed by future amendments to the Income-tax Act.

We believe this information
is materially complete as of the date hereof. However, this summary is not intended to constitute an authoritative analysis of
the individual tax consequences to non-resident holders or employees under Indian law for the acquisition, ownership and sale of
ADSs and equity shares.

EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR
SHOULD CONSULT TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO TAXATION IN INDIA OR THEIR RESPECTIVE LOCATIONS ON ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP OR DISPOSING
OF EQUITY SHARES OR ADSS.

Residence.
For
purposes of the Income-tax Act, an individual is considered to be a resident of India during any fiscal year (i.e., April 1 to
March 31) if he or she is in India in that year for:

•   a period or periods of at least 182 days; or

•   at least 60 days and, within the four preceding fiscal years has been in India for a period or
periods amounting to at least 365 days.

The period of 60 days
referred to above shall be 182 days in case of a citizen of India or a Person of Indian Origin living outside India for the purpose
of employment outside India who is visiting India.

The Finance Act 2020
amended section 6 of the Income-tax Act. Pursuant to the amended provision, an individual shall be treated as a resident in India
in a given fiscal year if such individual (i) is a citizen or person of Indian origin, (ii) has total income, other than income
from foreign sources, exceeding fifteen lakh rupees (Rs.1,500,000) during such fiscal year, and (iii) stays in India for 120 days
or more during such fiscal year (rather than 182 days or more as stated above).

It also amended Section
6 of the Income–tax Act to deem an Indian citizen to be a resident of India if such individual (i) is not liable to tax in
any country or territory by reason of his or her domicile, residence or similar criteria, and (ii) has total income, other than
income from foreign sources, that exceeds fifteen lakh rupees (Rs.1,500,000).

Any Indian citizen
or person of Indian origin becoming a resident of India in view of the above two amendments under the Finance Act 2020, will be
treated as “not ordinarily resident”. “Income from foreign sources" means income which accrues or arises
outside India (except income derived from a business controlled in or a profession set up in India).

Pursuant to the amended
provision of section 6 under the Finance Act 2016, a company is deemed to be a resident in India in any previous year, if (i) it
is a company formed under the laws of India; or (ii) its place of effective management, in that year, is in India. For such purposes,
"place of effective management" means a place where key management and commercial decisions that are necessary for the
conduct of business of an entity as a whole are in substance made.

Individuals and companies
that are not residents of India are treated as non-residents for purposes of the Income-tax Act.

Taxation of Distributions.

The Finance Act, 2020
made section 115-O and 115R of the Income-tax Act inoperative after April 1, 2020. Pursuant to this amendment, taxation of dividends
declared by domestic company and income distributed by mutual funds that are equity oriented funds has been shifted from domestic
companies/mutual funds to shareholders/unit holders. In essence, effective as of April 1, 2020, dividend distribution tax has been
abolished and such dividend received will be taxable in the hands of shareholder/unit holder at their respective slab rates.

Consequently, section
10(34) and section 10(35) of the Income-tax Act, which provide exemption from taxation to shareholders/unit holders on dividend
received from domestic company/mutual funds, became inoperative effective as of April 1, 2020. Also, section 115BBDA of the Income-tax
Act, which provides for taxation of dividends received by specified assesses in excess of Rs.1,000,000, became inoperative effective
as of April 1, 2020.

103

As the Finance Act,
2020 has shifted taxation of dividends from the distributor of dividends to the recipient, companies are under an obligation to
withhold taxes at specified rates while making dividend payments to shareholders.

Any distributions
of additional ADSs or equity shares by way of bonus shares (i.e., stock dividends) to resident or non- resident holders will not
be subject to Indian tax.

Taxation of Capital
Gains.
The following is a brief summary of capital gains taxation of non-resident holders and resident employees relating to
the sale of ADSs and equity shares received upon redemption of ADSs. The relevant provisions are contained mainly in sections 10(36),
10(38), 45, 47(viia), 111A, 115AC and 115ACA, of the Income-tax Act, in conjunction with the Income- tax Scheme.
You should
consult your own tax advisor concerning the tax consequences of your particular situation.

A non-resident investor
transferring our ADS or equity shares outside India to a non-resident investor will not be liable for income taxes arising from
capital gains on such ADS or equity shares under the provisions of the Income-tax Act in certain circumstances. Equity shares (including
equity shares issuable on the conversion of the ADSs) held by the non-resident investor for a period of more than 12 months are
treated as long-term capital assets. If the equity shares are held for a period of less than 12 months from the date of conversion
of the ADSs, the capital gains arising on the sale thereof is to be treated as short-term capital gains.

Capital gains are
taxed as follows:

•   gains from a sale of ADSs outside India by a non-resident to another non-resident are not taxable
in India;

•   long-term capital gains realized by a resident and an employee from the transfer of the ADSs will
be subject to tax at the rate of 10%, plus the applicable surcharges and the education cess; short-term capital gains on such a
transfer will be taxed at graduated rates with a maximum of 30%, plus the applicable surcharges and the education cess;

•   long-term capital gains realized by a non-resident upon the sale of equity shares obtained from
the conversion of ADSs are subject to tax at a rate of 10%, excluding the applicable surcharges and the Education Cess; and short-term
capital gains on such a transfer will be taxed at the rate of tax applicable to the seller; and

•   long-term capital gain realized by a non-resident upon the sale of equity shares obtained from
the conversion of ADSs is exempt from tax. However, effective as of April 1, 2018, long-term capital gains on sales of equity shares
in excess of Rs.100,000 are subject to tax at a rate of 10% without indexation. However, gains incurred on or prior to January
31, 2018 will be grandfathered. Consequently, the current exemption under Section 10(38) of the Income-tax Act has been withdrawn
and short-term capital gain is taxed at 15%, excluding the applicable surcharges and the Education Cess, if the sale of such equity
shares is settled on a recognized stock exchange and the applicable securities transaction tax (“STT”) is paid on such
sale.

As per the Finance
Act, 2015, the rate of surcharge for Indian companies having total taxable income exceeding Rs.10,000,000 but not exceeding Rs.100,000,000
is 7% and in the case of Indian companies whose total taxable income is greater than Rs.100,000,000, the applicable surcharge is
12%. For foreign companies, the rate of surcharge is 2% if the total taxable income exceeds Rs.10,000,000 but does not exceed Rs.100,000,000
and it is 5% if the total taxable income of the foreign company exceeds Rs.100,000,000.

The Finance Act, 2016
has increased the surcharge for individuals having income exceeding Rs.10,000,000 from 12% to 15%.

As per the Finance
(No.2) Act, 2019, the rate of surcharge for every individual or HUF or association of persons or body of individuals, whether incorporated
or not, or every artificial juridical person referred to in sub-clause (vii) of clause (31) of section 2 of the Income-tax Act,
will be calculated as follows:

i.   At the rate of 10% of such tax, if the total income is exceeding Rs.5,000,000 but not exceeding
Rs.10,000,000;

ii.   At the rate of 15% of such tax, if the total income is exceeding Rs.10,000,000 but not exceeding
Rs.20,000,000;

iii.   At the rate of 25% of such tax, if the total income is exceeding Rs.20,000,000 but not exceeding
Rs.50,000,000; and

iv.   At the rate of 37% of such tax, if the total income is exceeding Rs.50,000,000.

As per the Taxation
laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, the surcharge of 25%/37% introduced by the Finance (No.2) Act, 2019 shall not apply to capital
gains arising on the sale of equity shares in a company or units of an equity oriented fund referred to in section 111A or 112A
of the Income-tax Act. The enhanced surcharge of 25%/37% shall also not apply to the income of foreign institutional investors
(FIIs) from securities referred to in section 115AD of the Income-tax Act.

These amendments are
applicable for assessments from assessment year 2020-21 onwards.

104

Further as per finance
Act, 2020, surcharge on dividend income shall not exceed 15%. This amendment is applicable from assessment year 2021-22.

The Finance Act, 2018
replaced the Education Cess, which imposed a 2% income tax, and the Secondary and Higher Education Cess, which imposed a 1% income
tax, with a new Health and Education Cess, which imposes a 4% income tax.

The Finance Act, 2020,
has inserted a new provision which provides an option to an individual or HUF to opt for a simplified regime with lower tax rates.
However, a taxpayer opting for this simplified tax regime will not be eligible for specified deductions/exemptions.

This option may be
exercised in the prescribed manner by an individual or HUF having business income on or before the due date specified under Section
139(1) for furnishing the return of income for fiscal year 2020-21 and such option, once exercised, shall apply to subsequent assessment
years. In the case of an individual or HUF having no business income, this option may be exercised along with the income tax return
required to be furnished under Section 139(1) every year.

All assessees, including
individuals, whose advance tax payable is Rs.10,000 or more during the year are required to pay advance tax in four installments
as follows:

Due Date of Installment   Amount Payable
On or before June 15   Not less than 15% of such advance tax.
On or before September 15   Not less than 45% of such advance tax, as reduced by the amounts (if any) paid in earlier installments.
On or before December 15   Not less than 75% of such advance tax, as reduced by the amounts (if any) paid in earlier installments.
On or before March 15   The whole amount of such advance tax, as reduced by the amounts (if any) paid in earlier installments.

As per Section 10(38)
of the Income-tax Act, long-term capital gains arising from the transfer of equity shares on or after October 1, 2004 in a company
completed through a recognized stock exchange in India and on which sale the STT has been paid are exempt from Indian tax. The
Finance Act, 2017 amended section 10(38) to provide that exemption under this section for capital gains arising upon the transfer
of equity shares acquired on or after October 1, 2004 shall not be available if STT is not chargeable on the acquisition of such
equity shares, unless the acquisition of equity shares falls within the scope of certain STT payment exceptions specified by the
Central Government in a notification. The Finance Act, 2018, withdrew the exemption under Section 10(38) effective as of April
1, 2018.

As per Section 111A
of the Income-tax Act, short-term capital gains arising from the transfer of equity shares on or after October 1, 2004 in a company
completed through a recognized stock exchange in India are subject to tax at a rate of 15%, plus the applicable surcharges and
the education cess.As per the Finance Act, 2004, as modified by the Finance Act, 2008 and the Finance Act, 2013, in a sale and
purchase of securities entered into through a recognized stock exchange, a Securities Transaction Tax (“STT”) may be
imposed upon one or both of the parties as follows:

·   With respect to a sale and purchase of equity shares (i) both the buyer and seller are required
to pay a STT at the rate of 0.1% of the transaction value of the securities, if the transaction is a delivery based transaction
(i.e., the transaction involves actual delivery or transfer of shares); or (ii) the seller of the shares is required to pay a STT
at the rate of 0.025% of the transaction value of the securities, if the transaction is a non-delivery based transaction (i.e.,
the transaction is settled without taking delivery of the shares).

·   With respect to a sale and purchase of an option with respect to securities (i) upon the sale of
the option, the seller is required to pay a STT at the rate of 0.05% of the option premium; and (ii) upon exercise of the option,
the buyer is required to pay a STT at the rate of 0.125% of the settlement price.

·   With respect to a sale and purchase of futures with respect to securities, the seller is required
to pay a STT at the rate of 0.01% of the transaction value.

The applicable provisions
of the Income Tax Act, in the case of non-residents, may offset the above taxes, except the STT. The capital gains tax is computed
by applying the appropriate tax rates to the difference between the sale price and the purchase price of the equity shares or ADSs.
Under the Income-tax Scheme, the purchase price of equity shares in an Indian listed company received in exchange for ADSs will
be the market price of the underlying shares on the date that the Depositary gives notice to the custodian of the delivery of the
equity shares in exchange for the corresponding ADSs, or the “stepped up” basis purchase price. The market price will
be the price of the equity shares prevailing on the Stock Exchange, Bombay or the National Stock Exchange.

105

There is no corresponding
provision under the Income-tax Act in relation to the “stepped up” basis for the purchase price of equity shares. However,
the tax department in India has not denied this benefit. In the event that the tax department denies this benefit, the original
purchase price of ADSs would be considered the purchase price for computing the capital gains tax.

According to the Income-tax
Scheme, a non-resident holder’s holding period for the purposes of determining the applicable Indian capital gains tax rate
relating to equity shares received in exchange for ADSs commences on the date of the notice of the redemption by the Depositary
to the custodian. However, the Income-tax Scheme does not address this issue in the case of resident employees, and it is therefore
unclear as to when the holding period for the purposes of determining capital gains tax commences for such a resident employee.

It is unclear as to
whether section 115AC of the Income Tax Act and the rest of the Income-tax Scheme are applicable to a non- resident who acquires
equity shares outside India from a non-resident holder of equity shares after receipt of the equity shares upon redemption of the
ADSs.

It is unclear as to
whether capital gains derived from the sale of subscription rights or other rights by a non-resident holder not entitled to an
exemption under a tax treaty will be subject to Indian capital gains tax. If such subscription rights or other rights are deemed
by the Indian tax authorities to be situated within India, the gains realized on the sale of such subscription rights or other
rights will be subject to Indian taxation. The capital gains realized on the sale of such subscription rights or other rights,
which will generally be in the nature of short-term capital gains, will be subject to tax (i) at variable rates with a maximum
rate of 40%, excluding the prevailing surcharge and education cess, in the case of a foreign company and (ii) at the rate of 30%
excluding the prevailing surcharge and education cess in the case of resident employees.

Withholding Tax
on Capital Gains.
Any gain realized by a non-resident or resident employee on the sale of equity shares is subject to Indian
capital gains tax, which, in the case of a non-resident is to be withheld at the source by the buyer. However, as per the provisions
of Section 196D(2) of the Income-tax Act, no withholding tax is required to be deducted from any income by way of capital gains
arising to FIIs (as defined in Section 115AD of the Act) on the transfer of securities (as defined in Section 115AD of the Act).

Buy-back of Securities.

The Finance Act, 2013 inserted section 115QA to the Income-tax Act, which provides that unlisted companies are subject to tax
on the buy-back of their securities. However, section 10(34A) of the Finance Act 2013 exempts shareholders from the gain, if any,
arising from such transaction. The Finance Act (No.2), 2019, further amends this section to include such tax on the buyback of
listed company shares. However, as per Taxation laws (Amendment) ordinance, 2019 which was subsequently enacted to The Taxation
Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019 provisions of sec 115QA will not be applicable to Indian Companies which have already made a public
announcement for the buy-back of listed shares before July 5, 2019 in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 made under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as amended
from time to time. Further, section 10(34A) of the Income-tax Act was consequently amended to exempt income received by the shareholders
on buyback of listed shares as well.

The Government of
India promulgated the Taxation laws (Amendment) ordinance, 2019, which was subsequently enacted to The Taxation Laws (Amendment)
Act, 2019. As per the amendment, existing domestic companies will have an option to pay tax at a concessional rate of 22% with
applicable surcharge and health and education cess. However, the reduced tax rates come with consequential surrender of specified
deductions/incentives. This option needs to be exercised before filing the income tax return and, once exercised, such option cannot
be withdrawn for the same or subsequent years. For companies opting for this lower rate of tax regime, the minimum alternate tax
(MAT) provisions would not be applicable. Companies that do not opt for the concessional tax rates will continue to be subject
to MAT liability under section115JB. The current rate of MAT of 18.5% (plus surcharge and health and education cess) has been reduced
to 15% (plus surcharge and health and education cess). These amendments are applicable for the assessments from fiscal years 2020-21
onwards.

Stamp Duty and
Transfer Tax.
Upon issuance of the equity shares underlying our ADSs, we are required to pay a stamp duty of Rs.10 per share
certificate evidencing such underlying equity shares. A transfer of ADSs is not subject to Indian stamp duty. A sale of equity
shares in physical form by a non-resident holder is also subject to Indian stamp duty at the rate of 0.25% of the market value
of the equity shares on the trade date, although customarily such duty is borne by the transferee. Shares must be traded in dematerialized
form. The issuance or transfer of shares in dematerialized form is currently not subject to stamp duty. However with effect from
July 1, 2020 issuance or transfer of shares in dematerialized form will also be subject to stamp duty of 0.005% or 0.015% respectively.

Wealth Tax.

Wealth Tax was abolished effective as of April 1, 2015.

Gift Tax and Estate
Duty.
Currently, there are no gift taxes or estate duties. These taxes and duties could be restored in future. Non-resident
holders are advised to consult their own tax advisors regarding this issue.

106

Goods and Service
Tax
. Brokerage fees or commissions paid to stockbrokers in connection with the sale or purchase of shares is subject to a Goods
and Service Tax (“GST”) of 18%. The stockbroker is responsible for collecting the GST from the shareholder and paying
it to the relevant authority. Effective June 1, 2017, the Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 was implemented across India and GST
is applicable on such fees or commissions at the rate of 18%. In the former service tax regime, the service tax rate was 15% inclusive
of all cess.

Material United States Federal Income
and Estate Tax Consequences

The following is intended
only as a descriptive summary of the material U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences that may be relevant with respect
to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our equity shares or ADSs and is for general information only and does not purport
to be a complete analysis or listing of all potential tax effects relevant to the ownership or disposition of our equity shares
or ADSs. This summary addresses the U.S. federal income and estate tax considerations of holders that are U.S. holders. “U.S.
holders” are beneficial holders of our equity shares or ADSs who are (i) citizens or residents of the United States,
(ii) corporations (or other entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal tax purposes) created in or organized in the
United States or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or any political subdivision thereof or therein, (iii) estates,
the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source, and (iv) trusts having a valid election
to be treated as U.S. persons in effect under U.S. Treasury Regulations or for which a U.S. court exercises primary supervision
and a U.S. person has the authority to control all substantial decisions.

This summary is limited
to U.S. holders who will hold our equity shares or ADSs as capital assets (generally, property held for investment). In addition,
this summary is limited to U.S. holders who are not residents in India for purposes of the Convention between the Government of
the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of India for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention
of Fiscal Evasion With Respect to Taxes on Income (the “Treaty”). If a partnership, including any entity treated as
a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, holds our equity shares or ADSs, the tax treatment of a partner will generally
depend upon the status of the partner and upon the activities of the partnership. A partner in a partnership holding our equity
shares or ADSs should consult his, her or its own tax advisor regarding the tax treatment of an investment in our equity shares
or ADSs.

This summary does
not address tax considerations applicable to holders that may be subject to special tax rules, such as banks, insurance companies,
certain financial institutions, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, broker dealers, traders in securities
that elect to use the mark–to-market method of accounting, United States expatriates, persons liable for alternative minimum
tax, persons holding our equity shares or ADSs through partnerships or other pass-through entities, persons that have a “functional
currency” other than the U.S. dollars, tax-exempt entities, persons that will hold our equity shares or ADSs as a position
in a “straddle” or as part of a “hedging” or “conversion” transaction for tax purposes and/or
corporate holders of 10% or more, by voting power or value, of the shares of our company. This summary is based on the U.S. Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and as in effect on the date of this Annual Report on Form 20-F and on United States Treasury
Regulations in effect or, in some cases, proposed, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 20-F, as well as judicial and administrative
interpretations thereof available on or before such date, and is based in part on the assumption that each obligation in the deposit
agreement and any related agreement will be performed in accordance with its terms. All of the foregoing is subject to change,
which change could apply retroactively, or the Internal Revenue Service may interpret existing authorities differently, and a court
may sustain such an interpretation, any of which could affect the tax consequences described below. This summary does not address
the U.S. federal tax laws other than income or estate tax, and does not address U.S. state or local or non-U.S. tax laws.

107

EACH INVESTOR OR PROSPECTIVE
INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT HIS, HER OR ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND NON-U.S. TAX CONSEQUENCES
OF ACQUIRING, OWNING OR DISPOSING OF OUR EQUITY SHARES OR ADSs.

Ownership of ADSs
.
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, holders of our ADSs will generally be treated as the holders of equity shares represented
by such ADSs.

Dividends
.
Subject to the passive foreign investment company rules described below, except for our equity shares or ADSs, if any, distributed
pro rata to all of our shareholders, including holders of our ADSs, the gross amount of any distributions of cash or property with
respect to our equity shares or ADSs (before reduction for any Indian withholding taxes) will generally be included in income by
a U.S. holder as foreign source dividend income at the time of receipt, which in the case of a U.S. holder of ADSs generally should
be the date of receipt by the Depositary, to the extent such distributions are made from our current or accumulated earnings and
profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Such dividends will not be eligible for the dividends received
deduction generally allowed to corporate U.S. holders in respect of dividends received from other United States corporations. To
the extent, if any, that the amount of any distribution by us exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits (as determined
under U.S. federal income tax principles) such excess will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital to the extent of the
U.S. holder’s tax basis in our equity shares or ADSs, and thereafter as capital gain.

With respect to certain
non-corporate U.S. holders, subject to certain limitations, including certain limitations based on taxable income and filing status,
qualifying dividends paid to non-corporate U.S. holders, including individuals, may be eligible for a reduced rate of taxation
if we are deemed to be a “qualified foreign corporation” for United States federal income tax purposes and certain
holding period requirements are met (including the requirement that the non-corporate U.S. holder holds the ADSs for more than
60 days during the 121-day period beginning 60 days before the ex-dividend date). A qualified foreign corporation includes a foreign
corporation if (1) its shares (or, according to legislative history, its ADSs) are readily tradable on an established securities
market in the United States or (2) it is eligible for the benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty with the United
States. In addition, a corporation is not a qualified foreign corporation if it is a passive foreign investment company (as discussed
below) for either its taxable year in which the dividend is paid or the preceding taxable year. Our ADSs are traded on the New
York Stock Exchange, an established securities market in the United States as identified by Internal Revenue Service guidance.
Due to the absence of specific statutory provisions addressing ADSs, however, there can be no assurance that we are a qualified
foreign corporation solely as a result of our listing on the New York Stock Exchange. Nonetheless, we may be eligible for benefits
under the Treaty. Each U.S. holder should consult his, her or its own tax advisor regarding the treatment of such dividends and
such holder’s eligibility for a reduced rate of taxation.

Qualifying dividends
will generally be taxed at a maximum income tax rate of 15% except for U.S. holders with incomes exceeding $441,500 or, in the
case of taxpayers filing joint tax returns, with incomes exceeding $496,600 which will be subject to tax at the rate of 20% on
such qualifying dividends. Further, qualifying dividends received by U.S holders with incomes less than $40,000 or, in the case
of taxpayers filing joint returns, $80,000 will be subject to tax at the rate of 0% on such qualifying dividends. Each U.S. holder
should consult its own tax advisor regarding the treatment of dividends and such holder’s eligibility for a reduced rate
of taxation.

Subject to certain
conditions and limitations, any Indian withholding tax imposed upon distributions paid to a U.S. holder with respect to our equity
shares or ADSs should be eligible for credit against the U.S. holder’s federal income tax liability. Alternatively, a U.S.
holder may claim a deduction for such amount, but only for a year in which a U.S. holder does not claim a credit with respect to
any foreign income taxes. The overall limitation on foreign taxes eligible for credit is calculated separately with respect to
specific classes of income. For this purpose, distributions on our equity shares or ADSs generally will be foreign source income,
for purposes of computing the United States foreign tax credit allowable to a U.S. holder. The rules governing the foreign tax
credit are very complex and each U.S. holder should consult his, her or its own tax advisors regarding the availability of the
foreign tax credit under such holder’s own particular circumstances.

If dividends are paid
in Indian rupees, the amount of the dividend distribution included in the income of a U.S. holder will be in the U.S. dollar value
of the payments made in Indian rupees, determined utilizing the spot exchange rate between Indian rupees and U.S. dollars applicable
to the date such dividend is included in the income of the U.S. holder. Generally, any gain or loss resulting from currency exchange
fluctuations during the period from the dividend date to the date such payment is converted into U.S. dollars will be treated as
U.S. source ordinary income or loss. You are urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the taxation of currency gain or loss.

108

EACH
U.S. HOLDER SHOULD CONSULT HIS, HER OR ITS OWNS TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE TREATMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND SUCH HOLDER’S ELIGIBILITY
FOR REDUCED RATE OF TAXATION UNDER THE LAW IN EFFECT FOR THE YEAR OF THE DIVIDEND.

Sale or exchange
of our equity shares or ADSs
. Subject to the passive foreign investment company rules described below, a U.S. holder generally
will recognize gain or loss on the sale or exchange of our equity shares or ADSs equal to the difference between the amount realized
on such sale or exchange and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such equity shares or ADSs, as the case may be. Such
gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term capital gain or loss if such equity shares or ADSs, as the case
may be, were held for more than one year (currently long-term capital gains are taxed at a maximum rate of 20%). Gain or loss,
if any, recognized by a U.S. holder generally will be treated as U.S. source passive category income or loss for U.S. foreign tax
credit purposes. In the case of capital losses, a U.S. holder is eligible to claim a capital loss deduction subject to significant
limitations. If a U.S. holder is unable to claim these losses on its, his or her U.S. Federal Tax Return, the U.S. holder may be
eligible to carryover the amount of the unused capital loss to future years, subject to additional limitations provided under U.S.
tax regulations. Capital gains realized by a U.S. holder upon the sale of our equity shares (but not ADSs) may be subject to certain
tax in India. See “Taxation-Indian Taxation-Taxation of Capital Gains” Set forth above in this Annual Report. Due to
limitations on foreign tax credits, however, a U.S. holder may not be able to utilize any such taxes as a credit against the U.S.
holder’s federal income tax liability.

Estate taxes
.
An individual U.S. holder who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal estate tax purposes will have the
value of our equity shares or ADSs held by such holder included in his or her gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes.
An individual holder who actually pays Indian estate tax with respect to our equity shares will, however, be entitled to credit
the amount of such tax against his or her U.S. federal estate tax liability, subject to a number of conditions and limitations.

Additional Tax
on Investment Income
. U.S. holders that are individuals, estates or trusts and whose income exceeds certain thresholds (the
lesser of the U.S holder’s net investment income or modified adjusted gross income, to that extent such amount in a taxable
year exceeds $200,000.00 or, in the case of taxpayers filing joint tax returns, $250,000.00) will be subject to a 3.8% Medicare
contribution tax on certain net investment income, including, among other things, dividends on, and capital gains from the sale
or other taxable disposition of, our equity shares or ADSs, subject to certain limitations and exceptions.

Backup withholding
tax and information reporting requirements
. Any dividends paid on, or proceeds from a sale of, our equity shares or ADSs to
or by a U.S. holder may be subject to U.S. information reporting, and a backup withholding tax (currently at a rate of 24%) may
apply unless the holder establishes that he, she or it is an exempt recipient or provides a U.S. taxpayer identification number
and certifies under penalty of perjury that such number is correct and that such holder is not subject to backup withholding and
otherwise complies with any applicable backup withholding requirements.

Any amount withheld
under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or credit against the holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability,
provided that the required information is timely furnished to the Internal Revenue Service. Certain U.S. holders are required to
report information with respect to their investment in our equity shares or ADSs not held through a custodial account with a U.S.
financial institution on Internal Revenue Service Form 8938, which must be attached to the U.S. holder’s annual income tax
return. Investors who fail to report required information could become subject to substantial penalties. In addition, a U.S. holder
should consider the possible obligation to file online a FinCEN Form 114 – Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts Report as
a result of holding ordinary shares or ADSs. Each U.S. holder should consult his, her or its tax advisor concerning its obligation
to file Internal Revenue Service Form 8938 and/or FinCEN Form 114.

Passive foreign
investment company
. A non-U.S. corporation will be classified as a passive foreign investment company for U.S. Federal income
tax purposes if either:

•   75% or more of its gross income for the taxable year is passive income; or

•   on average for the taxable year, 50% or more of the total value of its assets produce or are held
for the production of passive income (as of the end of each quarter of its taxable year).

We do not believe
that we satisfy either of the tests for passive foreign investment company status for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020.
Because this determination is made on an annual basis and depends on a variety of factors (including the value of our ADS), no
assurance can be given that we will not be considered a passive foreign investment company in future taxable years. If we were
to be a passive foreign investment company for any taxable year, dividends would not be eligible for the preferential tax treatment
applicable to qualified dividends income but would instead be taxable at rates applicable to ordinary income.

109

Further, if we were
to be a passive foreign investment company for any taxable year, U.S. holders would be required to:

•   pay an interest charge together with tax calculated at ordinary income rates on “excess distributions”
(as the term is defined in relevant provisions of the U.S. tax laws) and on any gain on a sale or other disposition of our equity
shares or ADSs;

•   if an election is made to be a “qualified electing fund” (as the term is defined in
relevant provisions of the U.S. tax laws), include in their taxable income their pro rata share of undistributed amounts of our
income; or

•   if the equity shares are “marketable” and a mark-to-market election is made, to mark-to-market
the equity shares each taxable year and recognize ordinary gain and, to the extent of prior ordinary gain, recognize ordinary loss
for the increase or decrease in market value for such taxable year.

If we are treated
as a passive foreign investment company, we do not plan to provide information necessary for the U.S. holder to make a “qualified
electing fund” election.

In addition, certain
information reporting obligations (i.e., filing Internal Revenue Service Form 8621) may apply to U.S holders if we are determined
to be a passive foreign investment company.

THE ABOVE SUMMARY
IS NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE OWNERSHIP, ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION
OF OUR EQUITY SHARES OR ADSs. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR CONCERNING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU BASED ON YOUR PARTICULAR
SITUATION.

10.F.
Dividends and paying agents

Not applicable.

10.G.
Statements by experts

Not applicable.

10.H.
Documents on display

This annual report
on Form 20-F and other information filed or to be filed by us with or furnished by us to the SEC can be accessed via the SEC’s
website at
www.sec.gov
. Certain (but not all) of such materials are also available on our website at https://www.drreddys.com,
as soon as reasonably practicable after having been electronically filed or furnished to the SEC. Information contained in our
website, www.drreddys.com, is not part of this annual report on Form 20-F and no portion of such information is incorporated herein
or any other materials filed with or furnished to the SEC.

Additionally, documents
referred to in this Form 20-F may be inspected at our corporate office, which is located at 8-2-337, Road No. 3, Banjara Hills,
Hyderabad, Telangana, 500 034, India.

10.I.
Subsidiary information

Not applicable.

110

ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Market risk is the
risk of loss of future earnings or fair values or future cash flows that may result from a change in the price of a financial instrument.
The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and
other market changes that affect market risk sensitive instruments. Market risk is attributable to all market risk sensitive financial
instruments including foreign currency receivables and payables and long-term debt. We are exposed to market risk primarily related
to foreign exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and the market value of our investments. Thus, our exposure to market risk is
a function of investing and borrowing activities and revenue generating and operating activities in foreign currency. The objective
of market risk management is to avoid excessive exposure in our foreign currency revenues and costs.

Our Board of Directors
and its Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing our risk assessment and management policies. Our major market risks of foreign
exchange, interest rate and counter-party risk are managed centrally by our group treasury department, which evaluates and exercises
independent control over the entire process of market risk management.

We have a written
treasury policy, and we do regular reconciliations of our positions with our counter-parties. In addition, internal audits of the
treasury function are performed at regular intervals.

Components of Market Risk

Foreign Exchange Rate Risk

Our foreign exchange
risk arises from our foreign operations, foreign currency revenues and expenses (primarily in U.S. dollars, Russian roubles, U.K.
pounds sterling and Euros) and foreign currency borrowings (in U.S. dollars, Russian roubles, South African rands, Mexican pesos
and Brazilian reals). A significant portion of our revenues are in these foreign currencies, while a significant portion of our
costs are in Indian rupees. As a result, if the value of the Indian rupee appreciates relative to these foreign currencies, our
revenues measured in Indian rupees may decrease. The exchange rate between the Indian rupee and these foreign currencies has changed
substantially in recent periods and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future. Consequently, we use both derivative
and non-derivative financial instruments, such as foreign exchange forward contracts, option contracts, currency swap contracts
and foreign currency financial liabilities, to mitigate the risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates in respect of our
highly probable forecast transactions and recognized assets and liabilities. We do not use derivative financial instruments for
trading or speculative purposes.

We had the following derivative financial
instruments to hedge the foreign exchange rate risk as of March 31, 2020:

Category   Instrument   Currency (1)   Cross Currency (1)   Amounts in millions   Buy/Sell
Hedges of recognized assets and liabilities   Forward contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   148   Sell
Forward contract   RUB   INR   RUB   5,968   Sell
Forward contract   GBP   INR   GBP   9   Sell
Forward contract   AUD   INR   AUD   4   Sell
Forward contract   CHF   INR   CHF   200   Sell
Forward contract   ZAR   INR   ZAR   71   Sell
Forward contract   CHF   U.S.$   CHF   200   Buy
Forward contract   EUR   GBP   EUR   3   Sell
Forward contract   EUR   U.S.$   EUR   6   Buy
Forward contract   GBP   U.S.$   GBP   38   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   AUD   U.S.$   5   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   BRL   U.S.$   6   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   CLP   U.S.$   4   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   COP   U.S.$   4   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   KZT   U.S.$   11   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   MXN   U.S.$   2   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   RON   U.S.$   7   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   RUB   U.S.$   6   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   UAH   U.S.$   19   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   140   Sell
Hedges of highly probable forecast transactions   Option contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   270   Sell

(1)   “INR” means Indian rupees, “U.S.$” means United States dollars, “RON”
means Romanian new leus, “GBP” means U.K. pounds sterling, “AUD” means Australian dollars, “CHF”
means Swiss francs, “ZAR” means South African rands, “BRL” means Brazilian reals, “CLP” means
Chilean pesos, “COP” means Colombian pesos, “KZT” means Kazakhstan tenges, “MXN” means Mexican
pesos, “EUR” means Euros, “UAH” means Ukrainian hryvnias and “RUB” means Russian roubles.

111

Sensitivity Analysis
of Exchange Rate Risk.

In respect of our
forward and option contracts, a 10% decrease/increase in the respective exchange rates of each of the currencies underlying such
contracts would have resulted in an approximately Rs.1,203/(1,740) million increase/(decrease) in our hedging reserve and an approximately
Rs.2,070/(1,745) million increase/(decrease) in our net profit from such contracts as at March 31, 2020.

For a detailed analysis
of our foreign exchange rate risk, please refer to Notes 30 and 31 in our consolidated financial statements.

Commodity Rate Risk

Our exposure to market
risk with respect to commodity prices primarily arises from our purchases and sales of active pharmaceutical ingredients, including
the raw material components for such active pharmaceutical ingredients. These are commodity products whose prices may fluctuate
significantly over short periods of time. The prices of our raw materials generally fluctuate in line with commodity cycles, although
the prices of raw materials used in our active pharmaceutical ingredients business are generally more volatile. Costs of raw materials
forms the largest portion of our cost of revenues. We evaluate and manage our commodity price risk exposure through our operating
procedures and sourcing policies. As of March 31, 2020, we have not entered into any material derivative contracts to hedge our
exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices.

Interest Rate Risk

As at March 31, 2020,
our floating interest rate loans were as follows: Rs.10,971 million of loans carrying a floating interest rate ranging from 1 Month
LIBOR plus 12.5 bps to 1 Month LIBOR plus 82.7 bps; Rs.4,000 million of loans carrying a floating interest rate 1 Month India Treasury
Bill plus 60 bps; Rs.1,627 million of loans carrying a floating interest rate 3 Month LIBOR plus 55 bps; Rs.1,579 million of loans
carrying a floating interest rate of TIIE+1.25%; and Rs.63 million of loans carrying a floating interest rate of 1 Month JIBAR
plus 120 bps. These loans expose us to risks of changes in interest rates. Our treasury department monitors the interest rate movement
and manages the interest rate risk based on its policies, which include entering into interest rate swaps as considered necessary.

Interest Rate Profile
.

The interest rate
profile of our short-term borrowings from banks is as follows:

As at March 31,
2020   2019
Currency (1)   Interest Rate (2)   Currency (1)   Interest Rate (2)
Pre-shipment credit   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 12.5 to 16 bps   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 25 to 40 bps
INR   1 Month T-bill + 60 bps   -   -
Other working capital borrowings   U.S.$   1 Month/3 Months LIBOR + 55 to 78 bps   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 65 to 95 bps
RUB   7.05%   RUB   8.22%
ZAR   1Month JIBAR+120 bps   ZAR   1Month JIBAR+120 bps
MXN   TIIE + 1.25%   MXN   TIIE + 1.25%
INR   7.75%   -   -
BRL   7.25%   -   -
-   -   UAH   21.50%

The interest rate
profile of our long-term borrowings (other than obligations under leases) is as follows:

As at March 31,
2020   20119
Currency (1)   Interest Rate (2)   Currency (1)   Interest Rate (2)
Foreign currency borrowings   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 82.7 bps   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 70 to 105 bps
-   -   EUR   0.81%

(1)   “INR” means Indian rupees, “U.S.$” means United States Dollars, “RUB”
means Russian roubles, “MXN” means Mexican pesos, “UAH” means Ukrainian hryvnia, “BRL” means
Brazilian reals, “EUR” means Euros and “ZAR” means South African rand.

(2)   “LIBOR” means the London Inter-bank Offered Rate, “TIIE” means the Equilibrium
Inter-banking Interest Rate (Tasa de Interés Interbancaria de Equilibrio), “JIBAR” means the Johannesburg Interbank
Average Rate and “T-bill” means India Treasury Bill.

112

Maturity profile
.

The aggregate maturities
of interest-bearing long-term borrowings (other than obligations under leases), based on contractual maturities, as of March 31,
2020 are as follows:

Maturing in the year ending March 31, (1)   (All amounts in Rupees millions)
2021   Rs.   3,783
Rs.   3,783

(1)   Long-term debt obligations disclosed in the above table do not reflect any netting of transaction
costs amounting to Rs.0 million.

Counter-party risk
encompasses settlement risk on derivative contracts and credit risk on cash and term deposits (i.e., certificates of deposit).
Exposure to these risks is closely monitored and kept within predetermined parameters. Our group treasury department does not expect
any losses from non-performance by these counter-parties.

For the year ended March 31, 2020, every
10% increase or decrease in the floating interest rate component (i.e., LIBOR, JIBAR, T-bill and TIIE) applicable to our loans
and borrowings would affect our net profit by Rs.41 million.

ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER
THAN EQUITY SECURITIES

A. Debt Securities.

Not applicable.

B. Warrants and Rights.

Not applicable.

C. Other Securities.

Not applicable.

D. American Depositary Shares.

Deposit Agreement

For a discussion of
the Deposit Agreement, see Exhibit 2.2 (“Description of the Securities”) to this Annual Report on Form 20-F.

Fees and Charges for Holders of American
Depositary Shares

J.P. Morgan Chase
Bank, N.A., as the depositary for our ADSs (the “Depositary”), collects fees for the issuance and cancellation of ADSs
from the holders of our ADSs, or intermediaries acting on their behalf, against the deposit or withdrawal of ordinary shares in
the custodian account. The Depositary also collects the following fees from holders of ADRs or intermediaries acting in their behalf:

Category (as
    defined by SEC)   Depositary actions   Associated Fee
(a) Depositing or substituting the underlying shares   Issuing ADSs upon deposits of shares, including deposits and issuances in respect of share distributions, stock splits, rights, mergers, exchanges of securities or any other transaction or event or other distribution affecting the ADSs or the deposited shares.   U.S.$5.00 for each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) evidenced by the new shares deposited.
(b) Receiving or distributing dividends   Distribution of dividends.   U.S.$0.02 or less per ADS (U.S.$2.00 per 100 ADSs).
(c) Selling or exercising rights   Distribution or sale of securities.   U.S.$5.00 for each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof), the fee being in an amount equal to the fee for the execution and delivery of ADSs which would have been charged as a result of the deposit of such securities.
(d) Withdrawing an underlying security   Acceptance of ADSs surrendered for withdrawal of deposited shares.   U.S.$5.00 for each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) evidenced by the shares withdrawn.

113

Category (as
    defined by SEC)   Depositary actions   Associated Fee
(e) Transferring, splitting or grouping receipts   Transfers, combining or grouping of depositary receipts.   U.S.$1.50 per ADS.
(f) General depositary services, particularly those charged on an annual basis.   Other services performed by the depositary in administering the ADSs.   U.S.$0.02 per ADS (or portion thereof) not more than once each calendar year.
(g) Other   Expenses incurred on behalf of holders
        in connection with: · compliance
        with foreign exchange control regulations or any law or regulation relating to foreign investment; · the
        depositary’s or its custodian’s compliance with applicable law, rule or regulation; · stock
        transfer or other taxes and other governmental charges; · cable,
        telex, facsimile transmission/delivery; · expenses
        of the depositary in connection with the conversion of foreign currency into U.S. dollars (which are paid out of such foreign currency);
        or · any
        other charge payable by depositary or its agents.   The amount of such expenses incurred by the Depositary.

As provided in the
Deposit Agreement, the Depositary may charge fees for making cash and other distributions to holders by deduction from distributable
amounts or by selling a portion of the distributable property. The Depositary may generally refuse to provide services until its
fees for those services are paid.

Fees paid by Depositary

Direct Payments

The Depositary has
agreed to reimburse certain reasonable expenses related to our ADS program and incurred by us in connection with the program. In
the year ended March 31, 2020, the Depositary reimbursed us for an amount of U.S.$ 500,390. The amounts the Depositary reimburses
are not related to the fees collected by the Depositary from ADS holders. Under certain circumstances, including termination of
our ADS program prior to May 11, 2022, we are required to repay to the Depositary amounts reimbursed in prior periods.

The table below sets
forth the types of expenses that the Depositary has agreed to reimburse us for and the amounts reimbursed during the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2020.

Category of expenses   Amount
    reimbursed during the year ended March 31, 2020
Legal and accounting fees incurred in connection with preparation of Form 20-F and ongoing SEC compliance and listing requirements   U.S.$ 500,390
Listing fees   None
Investor relations   None
Advertising and public relations   None
Broker reimbursements   None

Indirect Payments

As part of its service
to us, the Depositary has agreed to waive fees for the standard costs associated with the administration of our ADS program, associated
operating expenses and investor relations advice. The Depository has not paid any expenses on our behalf.

114

PART II

ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES
AND DELINQUENCIES

None.

ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE
RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS

Modification in the rights of security
holders

None.

Use of Proceeds

Not applicable.

115

ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

(a)
Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As of the end of the
period covered by this Annual Report on Form 20-F, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Co-Chairman and Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act).

Based on this evaluation,
our Co-Chairman and Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective,
as of March 31, 2020, to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in filings and submissions
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC’s rules
and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Co-Chairman and Managing
Director and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions about required disclosure.

(b)
Management’s Annual Report
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting. As defined by the SEC, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial officers, and effected by our board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board.

Our internal control
over financial reporting is supported by written policies and procedures, that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, and that our receipts and expenditures are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial
statements.

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our management conducted
an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2020 based on criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (the “COSO Framework”). Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2020.

The effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2020 has been audited by Ernst & Young Associates LLP (“EY”),
the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our financial statements, as stated in their report, a copy of which
is included in this annual report on Form 20-F.

/s/G.V. Prasad   /s/Saumen Chakraborty
Co-Chairman and Managing Director   President and Chief Financial Officer

116

(c)
Attestation Report of the Registered
Public Accounting Firm.

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting

We have audited Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories
Limited and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2020, based on criteria established in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited and subsidiaries’ (the Company) maintained,
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2020, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), consolidated balance sheets of the Company
as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income
,
 changes in
equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended March 31 2020, and the related notes and our report dated June
15, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst & Young Associates LLP

Hyderabad, India

June 15, 2020

117

(d)  Changes in internal control
over financial reporting

There were no changes to our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Form 20-F that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 16. [RESERVED]

ITEM 16.A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL
EXPERT

The Audit Committee
of our Board of Directors is entirely composed of independent directors and brings in expertise in the fields of finance, economics,
human resource development, strategy and management. Please see “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees”
for the experience and qualifications of the members of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors has
determined that Mr. Sridar Iyengar is an audit committee financial expert, as defined in Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K, and is
independent pursuant to applicable NYSE rules.

ITEM 16.B. CODE OF ETHICS

We have adopted a
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “CoBE”), which applies to all Directors and employees of our company and
its subsidiaries and affiliates. The CoBE is available on our corporate website at
http://www.drreddys.com/investors/governance/code-of-business-conduct-and-ethics-cobe/
.
The CoBE has provisions for employees and other stakeholders to raise concerns regarding possible violations of the CoBE to the
Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Ombudsperson. Further, our Ombudsperson Policy includes certain safeguards relating to non-retaliation
in order to protect persons who raise concerns in good faith.

ITEM 16.C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
AND SERVICES

Ernst & Young
Associates LLP served as our independent registered public accountant for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 for which audited
statements appear in this Annual Report.

The following table
sets forth the aggregate fees paid to Ernst & Young Associates LLP and the various member firms of Ernst & Young Associates
LLP in the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019.

For the year ended March 31,
Type of Service   2020   2019   Description of Services
(Rs. in millions)
Audit fees   Rs.   76.0   Rs.   68.2   Audit and review of financial statements
Audit related fees   2.1   2.1   Statutory certifications and other matters
Tax fees   13.1   10.7   Tax and transfer pricing related services
Total   Rs.   91.2   Rs.   81.0

In accordance with
the requirement of the charter of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, we obtain the prior approval of the Audit Committee
on every occasion we engage our principal accountants or their associated entities to provide us any services. We disclose to the
Audit Committee of our Board of Directors the nature of services that are provided and the fees to be paid for the services. The
fees listed in the above table were approved by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.

ITEM 16.D. EXEMPTION FROM THE LISTING
STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES

We have not sought
any exemption from the listing standards for audit committees applicable to us as a foreign private issuer.

118

ITEM 16.E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS

On July 27, 2018,
pursuant to the special resolution approved by our shareholders at the Annual General Meeting, we formed the Dr. Reddy’s
Employees ESOS Trust (the “ESOS Trust”) to support the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2018 by acquiring,
including through secondary market acquisitions, equity shares which are used for issuance to eligible employees upon exercise
of stock options thereunder.

Tabulated below are
the details of the shares acquired under such plan.

Period   Total Number of Equity Shares Purchased   Average Price Paid per Equity Share   Maximum number of Equity Shares that may yet be purchased under the Plans or Programs
May 2019   179,124   Rs.   2,645.72   2,102,900

Total Number of Shares
Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs: Out of the total 397,100 equity shares held by the ESOS Trust, 1,150
equity shares were transferred to an employee after exercise of stock options granted under the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock
Option Scheme, 2018.

Refer to Note 28 of
these financial statements for further details on the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2018.

ITEM 16.F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S
CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT

Not applicable.

119

ITEM 16.G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Companies listed on
the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) must comply with certain standards regarding corporate governance as codified
in Section 303A of the NYSE’s Listed Company Manual. Listed companies that are foreign private issuers (as such term is defined
in Rule 3b-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) are permitted to follow home
country practice in lieu of the provisions of Section 303A, except that such companies are required to comply with the requirements
of Sections 303A.06, 303A.11 and 303A.12(b) and (c), which are as follows:

(i)   establish an independent audit committee that has specified responsibilities;

(ii)   provide prompt certification by its chief executive officer of any non-compliance with any corporate
governance rules;

(iii)   provide periodic written affirmations to the NYSE with respect to its corporate governance practices;
and

(iv)   provide a brief description of significant differences between its corporate governance practices
and those followed by U.S. companies.

The following table
compares our principal corporate governance practices to those required of U.S. NYSE listed companies.

Standard for U.S. NYSE Listed Companies   Our practice
Listed companies must have a majority of “independent directors,” as defined by the NYSE.   We comply with this standard. Eight of our ten directors are “independent directors,” as defined by the NYSE.
The non-management directors of each listed company must meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions without management.   We comply with this standard. Our non-management directors meet periodically without management directors in scheduled executive sessions.
Listed companies must have a nominating/corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors. The nominating/corporate governance committee must have a written charter that is made available on the listed company’s website and that addresses the committee’s purpose and responsibilities, subject to the minimum purpose and responsibilities established by the NYSE, and an annual evaluation of the committee.   We have a Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee composed entirely of independent directors that meets these requirements. The committee has a written charter that meets these requirements. We have evaluated the performance of the Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee.
Listed companies must have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. The compensation committee must have a written charter that is made available on the listed company’s website and that addresses the committee’s purpose and responsibilities, subject to the minimum purpose and responsibilities established by the NYSE, and an annual evaluation of the committee.   We have a Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee composed entirely of independent directors that meets these requirements. The committee has a written charter that meets these requirements. We have evaluated the performance of our Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee.
Listed companies must have an audit committee that satisfies the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act.   Our Audit Committee satisfies the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act.
The audit committee must have a minimum of three members all being independent directors. The audit committee must have a written charter that is made available on the listed company’s website and that addresses the committee’s purpose and responsibilities, subject to the minimum purpose and responsibilities established by the NYSE, and an annual evaluation of the committee.   We have an Audit Committee composed of four members, all being independent directors. The committee has a written charter that meets these requirements. We have evaluated the performance of our Audit Committee.
Each listed company must have an internal audit function.   We have an internal audit function.
Shareholders must be given the opportunity to vote on all equity-compensation plans and material revisions thereto, with limited exceptions.   We comply with this standard. Our Employee Stock Option Plans were approved by our shareholders.
Listed companies must adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines.   We have not adopted corporate governance guidelines.

120

Standard for U.S. NYSE Listed Companies   Our practice
All listed companies, U.S. and foreign, must adopt and disclose a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees that is made available on the listed company’s website and, and promptly disclose any waivers of the code for directors or executive officers.   We comply with this standard. More details on our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are given under Item 16.B.
Listed companies must solicit proxies for all meetings of shareholders.   We do not solicit proxies because we are prohibited from doing so under Section 105 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013. However, we give each of our shareholders written notices of all of our shareholder meetings.
Listed foreign private issuers must disclose any significant ways in which their corporate governance practices differ from those followed by domestic companies under NYSE listing standards.   This requirement is being addressed by way of this table.
Each listed company CEO must certify to the NYSE each year that he or she is not aware of any violation by the company of NYSE corporate governance listing standards, qualifying the certification to the extent necessary.   We do not have such a practice.
Each listed company CEO must promptly notify the NYSE in writing after any executive officer of the listed company becomes aware of any non-compliance with any applicable provisions of this Section 303A.   There have been no such instances.
Each listed company must submit an executed
        Written Affirmation annually to the NYSE. In addition, each listed company must submit an interim Written Affirmation each time
        that any of the following occurs: • an
        audit committee member who was deemed independent is no longer independent; • a
        member has been added to the audit committee;   We filed our most recent annual written affirmation, in the form specified by the NYSE, on June 6, 2019. We filed the requisite interim written affirmations consequent to the appointment of Mr. Leo Puri as a member of our audit committee and the end of the term of Dr. Omkar Goswami as an Independent Director and member of our audit committee, in the form specified by the NYSE, on August 5, 2019.
• the listed company or a member of its audit committee is eligible to rely on and is choosing to rely on a Securities Exchange Act Rule 10A-3 (“Rule 10A-3”) exemption;
• the listed company or a member of its audit committee is no longer eligible to rely on or is choosing to no longer rely on a previously applicable Rule 10A-3 exemption;
• a member has been removed from the listed company’s audit committee resulting in the company no longer having a Rule 10A-3 compliant audit committee; or
• the listed company determined that it no longer qualifies as a foreign private issuer and will be considered a domestic company under Section 303A.
The annual and interim Written Affirmations must be in the form specified by the NYSE.

ITEM 16.H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

Not Applicable.

121

PART III

ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Not applicable.

ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following financial
statement and auditor’s report for the year ended March 31, 2020 are incorporated herein by reference and are included in
this Item 18 of this report on Form 20-F:

• Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms   123
• Consolidated statements of financial position as of March 31, 2020 and 2019   127
• Consolidated income statements for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018   128
• Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018   129
• Consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018   130
• Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018   132
• Notes to the consolidated financial statements   133

122

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited (and subsidiaries) (the Company) as of March 31, 2020
and 2019, the related consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income
,
 changes in equity and cash
flows for each of the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
“consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company at March 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, in conformity with International
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

We also have audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial
reporting as of March 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated June 15, 2020 expressed an unqualified
opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated
below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any
way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Recoverable amount of intangible assets,
intangible assets under development and goodwill

Description of the matter   As described in Notes 12, 13, 3(f) and
        3(i) to the consolidated financial statements, at March 31, 2020, the Company has intangible assets, including intangible
        assets under development, of Rs.27,659 million and goodwill of Rs.3,994 million. These assets are tested for impairment annually
        or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the
        reporting unit level. Auditing the Company's impairment assessments
        is complex due to the significant estimation required in determining the recoverable amount, being the higher of the value in use
        and fair value less costs to sell. The Company's methodologies for estimating the recoverable value of these assets involve significant
        assumptions and inputs, including projected financial information for net sales and operating profit by product, and discount rates,
        all of which are sensitive to and affected by economic, industry, and company-specific qualitative factors. These significant assumptions
        and inputs are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions.

123

How we addressed the Matter in Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated
        the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company's controls in assessing the carrying value of goodwill, intangible
        assets and intangible assets under development. For example, we tested management’s controls over the review of methodologies
        used, significant assumptions and inputs as described above, and completeness and accuracy of the data used in the measurements. To test the estimated recoverable value
        of these assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the methodologies used by management in deriving
        the recoverable value, testing the significant assumptions and the underlying data used by the Company in its analyses. We compared
        the significant assumptions to current industry, market and economic trends, to the Company's historical results, and to other
        relevant data. We also performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions to evaluate the potential change in the recoverable
        values of these assets resulting from hypothetical changes in underlying assumptions. We also used an internal valuation specialist
        to assist in our evaluation of the methodologies used and significant assumptions and inputs used to determine the recoverable
        value of certain intangible assets under development. In addition, we tested the mathematical accuracy of the models.

Contingencies, including litigations,
and uncertain tax positions

Description of the matter   As described in Note 32 to the consolidated
        financial statements, the Company is involved in disputes, lawsuits, claims, anti-trust, governmental and / or regulatory inspections,
        inquiries, investigations and proceedings, including patent, tax and commercial matters that arise from time to time in the ordinary
        course of business. The Company recognizes a liability for those legal contingencies for which it is probable that a liability
        has been incurred at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the amount is reasonably estimable. The Company assisted
        by their external legal counsel assesses the need to make provision or disclose a contingency on a case-to-case basis considering
        the underlying facts of each matter. The Company measures and accrues for uncertain tax positions using either the most likely
        amount or the expected value amount, depending on which method expects to better predict the resolution of the uncertainty. Auditing management's determination of
        whether a loss for a contingency is probable and reasonably estimable, reasonably possible or remote, and the related disclosures,
        is highly subjective and requires significant judgment. Auditing management’s analysis of the Company’s uncertain tax
        positions was subjective due to the significant judgments made by management to determine the provisions for tax uncertainties,
        based on interpretations of tax laws and legal rulings.
How we addressed the Matter in Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated
        the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company's controls in assessing the completeness, valuation, presentation
        and disclosure of legal and tax contingencies. For example, this included testing controls related to the Company's process for
        identification, recognition, measurement and disclosure of tax and legal contingencies. To test the Company's legal and tax contingencies,
        our substantive audit procedures included, among others, testing the completeness of the legal and tax contingencies subject to
        evaluation by the Company. We also evaluated the Company's analysis of its assessment of the probability of outcome for each material
        legal contingency through inspection of responses to inquiry letters sent to both internal and external legal counsel, discussions
        with internal and external legal counsel to confirm our understanding of the allegations, and obtaining written representations
        from executives of the Company. Our internal tax professionals assisted
        us in assessing the nature and amount of the tax positions and assessed the technical merits of the Company’s tax positions
        based on the correspondence, assessments and settlements from the relevant tax authorities. We also evaluated the Company’s
        income tax disclosures in relation to these matters.

124

Rebates, discounts, chargebacks, and
other deductions in Revenue

Description of the matter   As described in Note 3(l) and 21 to the
        consolidated financial statements, revenues from product sales are recognized upon transfer of control to a customer, generally
        upon delivery, net of accruals for estimated rebates, wholesaler chargebacks, discounts, returns and other deductions, (collectively
        sales deductions), which are estimated at the time of sale, to reflect the amount of consideration to which the Company expects
        to be entitled. Auditing the estimation of sales deductions,
        which are netted against product sales, is complex and requires significant judgment. The estimated sales deductions are based
        on current contractual terms, market events and trends, and internal and external historical data, which may not be representative
        of actual sales deductions that will be processed.
How we addressed the Matter in Our Audit   We obtained an understanding, evaluated
        the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the sales deduction processes. This included, for example,
        testing controls over management’s review of significant assumptions and inputs used in the estimate of sales deductions,
        including actual sales, contractual terms, historical experience, actual wholesaler inventory levels of the Company’s products,
        and estimated wholesaler’s sales subject to sales deductions. We also tested management’s controls over the accuracy
        and completeness of the estimates used to calculate the final sales deductions. To test management’s estimated sales
        deductions, we obtained management’s calculations for the respective estimates and performed the following procedures, among
        others. We tested management’s estimates over the determination of sales deductions accruals by comparing the rates used
        in management’s estimate to rates in the underlying contracts and historical sales deductions data. We compared the assumptions
        to contracted prices, historical rebates, discounts, allowances and returns, and where relevant to current payment trends. We also
        considered the historical accuracy of the management’s estimates in prior years, and to assess the estimated amounts, we
        evaluated trends in actual sales and discount accrual balances. We also tested the underlying data used in management's calculations
        for accuracy and completeness, which included inspection of source data supporting the inventory levels, rebate claims paid subsequent
        to period end, and volume discounts settled during the period.

/s/ Ernst & Young Associates LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2018.

Hyderabad, India

June 15, 2020

125

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial
Statements

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated income statement, statement of comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows of Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories Limited, and its subsidiaries and joint ventures (the Company) for the year ended March 31, 2018, and the
related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the results of operations of the Company and its cash flows for the year ended
March 31, 2018, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IFRS).

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial
statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

KPMG

We served as the Company’s auditor from 2001 to 2018

Hyderabad
,
India

June 15, 2018

126

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL
POSITION

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

As
    of
Particulars   Note   March
    31, 2020   March
    31, 2020   March
    31, 2019
Unaudited
        convenience translation
        into U.S.$ (See
        Note 2(d))
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents   6   U.S.$   27   Rs.   2,053   Rs.   2,228
Other investments   7   314   23,687   22,529
Trade and other receivables   8   667   50,278   39,869
Inventories   9   465   35,066   33,579
Derivative financial instruments   30   15   1,105   360
Tax assets   58   4,379   3,400
Other current assets   10   183   13,802   12,536
Total current assets   U.S.$   1,729   Rs.   130,370   Rs.   114,501
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment   11   U.S.$   694   Rs.   52,332   Rs.   54,088
Goodwill   12   53   3,994   3,902
Other intangible assets   13   367   27,659   44,367
Trade and other receivables   8   23   1,737   113
Investment in equity accounted investees   14   37   2,763   2,529
Other investments   7   4   328   813
Deferred tax assets   24   162   12,214   4,168
Other non-current assets   10   11   844   946
Total non-current assets   U.S.$   1,351   Rs.   101,871   Rs.   110,926
Total assets   U.S.$   3,081   Rs.   232,241   Rs.   225,427
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables   15   U.S.$   221   Rs.   16,659   Rs.   14,553
Short-term borrowings   16   218   16,441   12,125
Long-term borrowings, current portion   16   57   4,266   4,256
Provisions   17   50   3,800   4,166
Tax liabilities   8   573   181
Derivative financial instruments   30   21   1,602   68
Bank overdraft   6   1   91   -
Other current liabilities   18   390   29,382   24,351
Total current liabilities   U.S.$   966   Rs.   72,814   Rs.   59,700
Non-current liabilities
Long-term borrowings   16   U.S.$   17   Rs.   1,304   Rs.   22,000
Deferred tax liabilities   24   4   275   610
Provisions   17   1   54   52
Other non-current liabilities   18   37   2,806   2,868
Total non-current liabilities   U.S.$   59   Rs.   4,439   Rs.   25,530
Total liabilities   U.S.$   1,025   Rs.   77,253   Rs.   85,230
Equity
Share capital   19   U.S.$   11   Rs.831   Rs.   830
Treasury shares   (13   )   (1,006   )   (535   )
Share premium   113   8,495   8,211
Share-based payment reserve   16   1,233   990
Capital redemption reserve   2   173   173
Retained earnings   1,913   144,247   128,646
Other components of equity   13   1,015   1,882
Total equity   U.S.$   2,056   Rs.   154,988   Rs.   140,197
Total liabilities and equity   U.S.$   3,081   Rs.   232,241   Rs.   225,427

The accompanying notes
form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

127

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

For the Years Ended March 31,
Particulars   Note   2020   2020   2019   2018
Unaudited convenience translation into U.S.$ (See Note 2(d))
Revenues   21   U.S.$   2,316   Rs.   174,600   Rs.   153,851   Rs.   142,028
Cost of revenues   1,069   80,591   70,421   65,724
Gross profit   1,247   94,009   83,430   76,304
Selling, general and administrative expenses   665   50,129   48,680   46,857
Research and development expenses   204   15,410   15,607   18,265
Impairment of non-current assets   222   16,767   210   53
Other income, net   22   (57   )   (4,290   )   (1,955   )   (788   )
Total operating expenses   1,035   78,016   62,542   64,387
Results from operating activities (A)   212   15,993   20,888   11,917
Finance income   33   2,461   2,280   2,897
Finance expense   (13   )   (983   )   (1,163   )   (817   )
Finance income, net (B)   23   20   1,478   1,117   2,080
Share of profit of equity accounted investees, net of tax (C)   14   7   561   438   344
Profit before tax [(A)+(B)+(C)]   239   18,032   22,443   14,341
Tax (expense)/benefit, net   24   19   1,466   (3,648   )   (4,535   )
Profit for the year   259   19,498   18,795   9,806
Earnings per share:   20
Basic earnings per share of Rs.5/- each   U.S.$   1.56   Rs.   117.63   Rs.   113.28   Rs.   59.13
Diluted earnings per share of Rs.5/- each   U.S.$   1.56   Rs.   117.40   Rs.   113.09   Rs.   59.00

The accompanying notes form an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.

128

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

For
    the Years Ended March 31,
Particulars   2020   2020   2019   2018
Unaudited
                                         convenience translation
                                         into U.S.$ (See
                                         Note 2(d))
Profit for the year   U.S.$   259   Rs.   19,498   Rs.   18,795   Rs.   9,806
Other comprehensive
    income/(loss)
Items
    that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement:
Changes in the fair
    value of financial instruments   U.S.$   (6)   Rs.   (469   )   Rs.   (403   )   -
Actuarial
    gains on post-employment benefit obligations   1   57   10   39
Tax
    impact on above items   (0   )   (22   )   (414   )   (12   )
Total
    of items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement   U.S.$   (6   )   Rs.   (434   )   Rs.   (807   )   Rs.   27
Items
    that will be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
Changes in fair
    value of financial instruments   U.S.$   (0   )   Rs.   (7   )   Rs.   -   Rs.   (5,160   )
Foreign currency
    translation adjustments   4   311   (53   )   (32   )
Foreign currency
    translation reserve re-classified to the income statement on disposal of foreign operation   -   -   (113   )   -
Effective portion
    of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net   (13   )   (951   )   180   (82   )
Tax
    impact on above items   3   232   (55   )   1,394
Total
    of items that will be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement   U.S.$   (6   )   Rs.   (415   )   Rs.   (41   )   Rs.   (3,880   )
Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax   U.S.$   (11   )   Rs.   (849   )   Rs.   (848   )   Rs.   (3,853   )
Total comprehensive
    income for the year   U.S.$   247   Rs.   18,649   Rs.   17,947   Rs.   5,953

The accompanying notes form an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.

129

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

Particulars   Share capital   Share premium   Treasury Shares   Share
                                         based payment reserve   Fair
    value reserve (1)   Foreign
                                         currency translation reserve   Hedging reserve   Capital redemption reserve   Actuarial gains/ (losses)   Retained earnings   Total
Balance as of April 1, 2019   Rs.   830   Rs.   8,210   Rs.   (535   )   Rs.   990   Rs.   (1,910   )   Rs.   4,032   Rs.   156   Rs.   173   Rs.   (395   )   Rs.   128,646   Rs.   140,197
Profit for the year   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.-   Rs.   19,498   Rs.   19.498
Net change
    in fair value of equity and debt instruments   -   -   -   -   (495   )   -   -   -   -   19   (2)   (476   )
Foreign currency translation
    adjustments   -   -   -   -   -   311   -   -   -   -   311
Effective portion
    of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax benefit of Rs.232   -   -   -   -   -   -   (719   )   -   -   -   (719   )
Actuarial gain on
    post-employment benefit obligations, net of tax expense of Rs.22   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   35   -   35
Total comprehensive income (B)   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   (495   )   Rs.   (311   )   Rs.   (719   )   Rs.   -   Rs.   35   Rs.   19,517   Rs.   18,649
Issue of equity shares
    on exercise of options   Rs.   1   Rs.   285   Rs.   3   Rs.   (278   )   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   11
Share-based payment
    expense   -   -   521   -   -   -   -   -   -   521
Purchase of treasury
    shares, net   -   -   (474   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (474   )
Dividend paid (including
    corporate dividend tax)   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (3,916   )   (3,916   )
Total contributions
    and distributions   Rs.   1   Rs.   285   Rs.   (471   )   Rs.   243   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   (3,916   )   Rs.   (3,858   )
Changes in ownership
    interests   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -
Total transactions with owners of the Company
    (C)   Rs.   1   Rs.   285   Rs.   (471   )   Rs.   243   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   (3,916   )   Rs.   (3,858   )
Balance as of March 31, 2020 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   Rs.   831   Rs.   8,495   Rs.   (1,006   )   Rs.   1,233   Rs.   (2,405   )   Rs.   4,343   Rs.   (563   )   Rs.   173   Rs.   (360   )   Rs.   144,247   Rs.   154,988
Convenience translation into U.S.$ (See note
    2(d))   U.S.$   11   U.S.$   113   U.S.$   (13   )   U.S.$   16   U.S.$   (32   )   U.S.$   58   U.S.$   (8   )   U.S.$   2   U.S.$   (5   )   U.S.$   1,913   U.S.$   2,056
Balance as of April 1, 2018   Rs.   830   Rs.   7,790   Rs.   -   Rs.   1,021   Rs.   (1,046   )   Rs.   4,184   Rs.   45   Rs.   173   Rs.   (402   )   Rs.   113,865   Rs.   126,460
Adjustment on account of transition to IFRS 9 (3)   -   -   -   -   (50   )   -   -   -   -   (12   )   (62   )
Adjusted balance as of April 1, 2018(A)   Rs.   830   Rs.   7,790   Rs.   -   Rs.   1,021   Rs.   (1,096   ) (4)   Rs.   4,184   Rs.   45   Rs.   173   Rs.   (402   )   Rs.   113,853   Rs.   126,398
Profit for the year   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   18,795   Rs.   18,795
Net change in fair
    value of equity instruments, net of tax expense of Rs.411   -   -   -   -   (814   )   -   -   -   -   -   (814   )
Foreign currency translation
    adjustments, net of tax benefit of Rs.14 (5)   -   -   -   -   -   (152   )   -   -   -   -   (152   )
Effective portion
    of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax expense of Rs.69   -   -   -   -   -   -   111   -   -   -   111
Actuarial gain on
    post-employment benefit obligations, net of tax expense of Rs.3   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   7   -   7
Total comprehensive income (B)   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   (814   )   Rs.   (152   )   Rs.   111   Rs.   -   Rs.   7   Rs.   18,795   Rs.   17,947
Issue of equity shares
    on exercise of options   Rs.   -   *   Rs.   420   Rs.   -   Rs.   (420   )   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -
Share-based payment
    expense   -   -   -   389   -   -   -   -   -   -   389
Purchase of treasury
    shares   -   -   (535   )   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (535   )
Dividend paid (including
    corporate dividend tax)   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (4,002   )   (4,002   )
Total
    contributions and distributions   Rs.   -   Rs.   420   Rs.   (535   )   Rs.   (31   )   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   (4,002   )   Rs.   (4,148   )
Changes
    in ownership interests   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -
Total transactions
    with owners of the Company (C)   Rs.   -   Rs.   420   Rs.   (535   )   Rs.   (31   )   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   (4,002   )   Rs.   (4,148   )
Balance as
    of March 31, 2019 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   Rs.   830   Rs.   8,210   Rs.   (535   )   Rs.   990   Rs.   (1,910   )   Rs.   4,032   Rs.   156   Rs.   173   Rs.   (395   )   Rs.   128,646   Rs.   140,197

[Continued on next page]

* Rounded to the nearest million.

130

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

[Continued from above table, first column
repeated]

Particulars   Share capital   Share premium   Treasury Shares   Share
    based payment reserve   Fair
    value reserve   Foreign
    currency translation reserve   Hedging reserve   Capital redemption reserve   Actuarial gains/ (losses)   Retained earnings   Total
Balance as of April 1, 2017 (A)   Rs.   829   Rs.   7,359   Rs.   -   Rs.   998   Rs.   2,744   Rs.   4,233   Rs.   86   Rs.   173   Rs.   (429   )   Rs.   108,051   Rs.   124,044
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   9,806   Rs.   9,806
Net change in fair value of
    available for sale financial instruments, net of tax benefit of Rs.1,370   -   -   -   -   (3,790   )   -   -   -   -   -   (3,790   )
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net
    of tax expense of Rs.17   -   -   -   -   -   (49   )   -   -   -   -   (49   )
Effective portion of changes in fair value of
    cash flow hedges, net of tax benefit of Rs.41   -   -   -   -   -   -   (41   )   -   -   -   (41   )
Actuarial gain on post-employment benefit obligations,
    net of tax expense of Rs.12   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   27   -   27
Total comprehensive income (B)   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   (3,790   )   Rs.   (49   )   Rs.   (41   )   Rs.   -   Rs.   27   Rs.   9,806   Rs.   5,953
Transactions with owners of the Company
Contributions and distributions
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options   Rs.   1   Rs.   431   Rs.   -   Rs.   (431   )   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   1
Share-based payment expense   -   -   -   454   -   -   -   -   -   -   454
Dividend paid (including corporate dividend tax)   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   -   (3,992   )   (3,992   )
Total contributions and distributions   Rs.   1   Rs.   431   Rs.   -   Rs.   23   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   (3,992   )   Rs.   (3,537   )
Changes in ownership interests   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -
Total transactions with owners of the Company
    (C)   Rs.   1   Rs.   431   Rs.   -   Rs.   23   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   (3,992   )   Rs.   (3,537   )
Balance as of March 31, 2018 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   Rs.   830   Rs.   7,790   Rs.   -   Rs.   1,021   Rs.   (1,046   )   Rs.   4,184   Rs.   45   Rs.   173   Rs.   (402   )   Rs.   113,865   Rs.   126,460

The accompanying notes
form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

(1)   Represents mark to market gain or loss on financial assets classified as
fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”). Depending on the category and type of the financial asset,
the mark to market gain or loss is either reclassified to the income statement or to retained earnings upon disposal of the investment.

(2)   Represents gain on disposal of financial instruments classified as FVTOCI
instruments re-classified to retained earnings.

(3)   Consists of mark to market gains on mutual funds amounting to Rs.50, offset by an impairment loss of Rs.62 on trade receivables.
The net impact of Rs.12 was recognized in retained earnings.

(4)   Represents mark to market gain or loss on available-for-sale financial instruments (under IAS 39) recognized in other comprehensive
income (“OCI”). The amount will be retained in OCI and will be re-classified to retained earnings only on disposal
of these investments.

(5)   Includes gain of Rs.113 re-classified from foreign currency translation reserve to the income statement on disposal of a foreign
operation.

131

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

For
    the Years Ended March 31,
Particulars   2020   2020   2019   2018
Unaudited
                                         convenience translation
                                         into U.S.$ (See
                                         Note 2(d))
Cash
    flows from/(used in) operating activities:
Profit for the year   U.S.$   259   Rs.   19,498   Rs.   18,795   Rs.   9,806
Adjustments
    for:
Income
    tax expense/(benefit)   (19   )   (1,466   )   3,648   4,535
Fair value changes
    and profit on sale of mutual funds   (12   )   (929   )   (773   )   (2,270   )
Depreciation and amortization   165   12,472   12,190   11,710
Impairment of non-current
    assets   222   16,767   210   53
Allowance for credit
    losses (on trade receivables and other advances)   3   190   420   155
(Gain)/loss on sale
    or de-recognition of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets, net   1   68   (1,264   )   55
Share of profit of equity accounted investees   (7   )   (561   )   (438   )   (344   )
Foreign exchange gain,
    net   (29   )   (2,168   )   (1,588   )   (296   )
Interest expense, net   1   95   119   248
Equity settled share-based
    payment expense   7   521   389   454
Dividends income   (0   )   (5   )   -   -
Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities:
Trade and other receivables   (165   )   (12,446   )   1,797   (2,097   )
Inventories (Refer to Note 9 for inventory write downs)   (20   )   (1,487   )   (4,480   )   (287   )
Trade and other payables   21   1,576   398   2,501
Other
    assets and other liabilities, net   64   4,821   4,122   (3,433   )
Cash
    generated from operations   490   36,946   33,545   20,790
Income
    tax paid, net   (94   )   (7,105   )   (4,841   )   (2,761   )
Net
    cash from operating activities   U.S.$   396   Rs.   29,841   Rs.   28,704   Rs.   18,029
Cash
    flows from/(used in) investing activities:
Expenditure on property,
    plant and equipment   U.S.$   (64   )   Rs.   (4,846   )   Rs.   (6,955   )   Rs.   (9,291   )
Proceeds from sale
    of property, plant and equipment   2   131   1,265   139
Expenditures on other
    intangible assets   (17   )   (1,269   )   (1,421   )   (1,752   )
Proceeds from sale
    of other intangible assets   3   259   885   -
Purchase of other investments   (1,485   )   (111,918   )   (78,573   )   (68,429   )
Proceeds from sale
    of other investments   1,482   111,704   76,291   64,038
Dividends received
    from equity accounted investees   5   392   -   -
Interest
    and dividend received   8   624   781   412
Net
    cash used in investing activities   U.S.$   (65   )   Rs.   (4,923   )   Rs.   (7,727   )   Rs.   (14,883   )
Cash
    flows from/(used in) financing activities:
Proceeds from issuance
    of equity shares (including treasury shares)   U.S.$   0   Rs.   4   Rs.   -   *   Rs.   1
Purchase of treasury shares   (6   )   (474   )   (535   )   -
Proceeds from/(repayment of) short-term borrowings, net (Refer
to Note 16)   56   4,235   (15,126   )   (18,025   )
(Repayment of)/proceeds from long-term borrowings, net (Refer
to Note 16)   (304   )   (22,918   )   -   19,064
Payment
    of principal portion of lease liabilities (Refer
    to Note 16)   (6   )   (482   )   (56   )   (157   )
Dividend paid (including
    corporate dividend tax)   (52   )   (3,916   )   (4,002   )   (3,992   )
Interest
    paid   (21   )   (1,608   )   (1,607   )   (1,331   )
Net
    cash used in financing activities   U.S.$   (334   )   Rs.   (25,159   )   Rs.   (21,326   )   Rs.   (4,440   )
Net
    decrease in cash and cash equivalents   (3   )   (241   )   (349   )   (1,294   )
Effect of exchange
    rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   (0   )   (25   )   35   57
Cash
    and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year   30   2,228   2,542   3,779
Cash
    and cash equivalents at the end of the year   U.S.$   26   Rs.   1,962   Rs.   2,228   Rs.   2,542

* Rounded to the nearest million.

The accompanying notes form an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.

132

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

1.

Reporting entity

Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories Limited (the “parent company”), together with its subsidiaries and joint ventures (collectively, the “Company”),
is a leading India-based pharmaceutical company headquartered and having its registered office in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
Through its three businesses - Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients, Global Generics and Proprietary Products –
the Company offers a portfolio of products and services, including Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (“APIs”), Custom
Pharmaceutical Services (“CPS”), generics, biosimilars and differentiated formulations.

The Company’s
principal research and development facilities are located in the states of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh in India, Cambridge in
the United Kingdom and Leiden in the Netherlands; its principal manufacturing facilities are located in the states of Telangana,
Andhra Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh in India, Cuernavaca-Cuautla in Mexico, Mirfield in the United Kingdom, and Louisiana in the
United States; and its principal markets are in India, Russia, the United States, the United Kingdom, and Germany. The Company’s
shares trade on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange in India and on the New York Stock Exchange in the United
States.

2.

Basis of preparation of financial statements

a.

Statement of compliance

These consolidated
financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2020 comply in all material aspects with the International Financial
Reporting Standards and its interpretations (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared by
the Company as a going concern on the basis of relevant IFRS that are effective or elected for early adoption at the Company’s
annual reporting date, March 31, 2020. These consolidated financial statements were authorized for issuance by the Company’s
Board of Directors on June 14, 2020.

b.

Basis of measurement

These consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost convention and on an accrual basis, except for the following material
items in the statement of financial position:

·   derivative financial instruments are measured
at fair value;

·   financial assets are measured either at
fair value or at amortized cost, depending on the classification;

·   employee defined benefit assets/(liabilities)
are recognized as the net total of the fair value of plan assets, adjusted for actuarial gains/(losses) and the present value of
the defined benefit obligation;

·   long-term borrowings are measured at amortized
cost using the effective interest rate method;

·   share-based payments are measured at fair
value;

·   investments in joint ventures are accounted
for using the equity method; and

·   right-of-use the assets are recognized
at the present value of lease payments that are not paid at that date. This amount is adjusted for any lease payments made at or
before the commencement date, lease incentives received and initial direct costs, incurred, if any.

c.

Functional and presentation currency

These consolidated
financial statements are presented in Indian rupees, which is the functional currency of the parent company. All financial information
presented in Indian rupees has been rounded to the nearest million.

In respect of certain
non-Indian subsidiaries that operate as marketing arms of the parent company in their respective countries/regions, the functional
currency has been determined to be the functional currency of the parent company (i.e., the Indian rupee). The operations of these
entities are largely restricted to importing of finished goods from the parent company in India, sales of these products in the
foreign country and making of import payments to the parent company. The cash flows realized from sales of goods are available
for making import payments to the parent company and cash is paid to the parent company on a regular basis. The costs incurred
by these entities are primarily the cost of goods imported from the parent company. The financing of these subsidiaries is done
directly or indirectly by the parent company.

In respect of subsidiaries
whose operations are self-contained and integrated within their respective countries/regions, the functional currency has been
generally determined to be the local currency of those countries/regions, unless use of a different currency is considered appropriate.

d.

Convenience translation (unaudited)

These consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in Indian rupees. Solely for the convenience of the reader, these consolidated financial
statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2020 have been translated into U.S. dollars at the certified foreign
exchange rate of U.S.$1.00 = Rs.75.39, as published by the Federal Reserve Board of Governors on March 31, 2020. No representation
is made that the Indian rupee amounts have been, could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at such a rate or any
other rate. Such convenience translation is not subject to audit by the Company’s Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm.

133

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

2.

Basis of preparation of financial statements (continued)

e.

Use of estimates and judgments

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these
estimates.

Estimates and underlying
assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates
are revised and in any future periods affected. In particular, information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and
critical judgments in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the financial
statements is included in the following notes:

·   Note 2(c) — Assessment of functional
currency;

·   Notes 3(a) and 14 — Evaluation of
joint arrangements;

·   Notes 3(c), 30 and 31 — Financial
instruments;

·   Notes 3(d) — Business combinations;

·   Notes 3(e) and (f) — Useful lives
of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets;

·   Notes 3(g) – determination of cost
for right-of-use assets and lease term;

·   Notes 3(h) and 9— Valuation of inventories;

·   Notes 3(i), 11, 12 and 13— Measurement
of recoverable amounts of cash-generating units;

·   Notes 3 (j) and 27 — Assets and
obligations relating to employee benefits;

·   Notes 3 (j) and 28— Share-based
payments;

·   Note 3(k) — Provisions and other
accruals;

·   Note 3(l) — Measurement of transaction
price in a revenue transaction (Sales returns, rebates and chargeback provisions);

·   Note 3(o) — Evaluation of
                                                                                                               recoverability of deferred tax assets, and estimation of income tax payable and income tax expense in relation to uncertain tax position; and

·   Note 32 — Contingencies

f.

Current and non-current classification

All assets and liabilities have been classified
as current or non-current as per the Company’s normal operating cycle and other criteria set out in IAS 1,
“Presentation
of financial statements”
.

Assets:

An asset is classified as current when
it satisfies any of the following criteria:

a)   it is expected to be realized in, or is intended for sale or consumption in, the Company’s
normal operating cycle;

b)   it is held primarily for the purpose of being traded;

c)   it is expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting date; or

d)   it is cash or a cash equivalent unless it is restricted from being exchanged or used to settle
a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date.

Liabilities:

A liability is classified as current when
it satisfies any of the following criteria:

a)   it is expected to be settled in the Company’s normal operating cycle;

b)   it is held primarily for the purpose of being traded;

c)   it is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting date; or

d)   the Company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least
twelve months after the reporting date. Terms of a liability that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement
by the issue of equity instruments do not affect its classification.

Current assets and liabilities include
the current portion of non-current assets and liabilities respectively. All other assets and liabilities are classified as non-current.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are always disclosed as non-current.

g.

Prior period

Prior period amounts
have been reclassified to conform to the current year classification.

134

 DR. REDDY’S
LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3.

Significant accounting policies

New Standards adopted by the Company

IFRS 16, “
Leases”

In January 2016,
the IASB issued a new standard, IFRS 16,
“Leases”
. IFRS 16 replaces the existing standard on leases (i.e.,
IAS 17,
“Leases”)
effective for accounting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. The new standard
brings most leases on-balance sheet for lessees under a single model, eliminating the distinction between operating and finance
leases. Lessor accounting, however, remains largely unchanged and the distinction between operating and finance leases is retained.

Impact of the implementation of IFRS
16 on the Company:

The Company adopted IFRS 16 effective
as of April 1, 2019. IFRS 16,
“Leases”
 changed the financial statements of the Company as the majority
of leases for which the Company is the lessee became on-balance sheet liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets also
recognized on the statements of financial position. The lease liability reflects the net present value of the remaining lease
payments adjusted for payments made before the commencement date, lease incentives and other items related to the lease agreement,
and the right-of-use asset corresponds to the lease liability.

Upon adoption of the
new standard, a portion of the annual operating lease costs, which was previously fully recognized as a functional expense, is
recorded as interest expense. In addition, the portion of the lease payments which represents the reduction of the lease liability
is recognized in the statements of cash flows as an outflow from financing activities, which was previously fully recognized as
an outflow from operating activities.

The Company implemented
the new standard on April 1, 2019, and applied the modified retrospective method, with right-of-use assets measured at an amount
equal to the lease liability, adjusted by the amount of the prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to those leases recognized
in the statements of financial position immediately before the date of initial application and will not restate prior years.

The Company elected
to use the transition practical expedient that allows the standard to be applied only to contracts previously identified under
IAS 17,
“Leases”
 and the contracts assessed using the guidance available under IFRIC 4,
“Determining
Whether an Arrangement Contains a Lease”
.

The Company also elected
to use the recognition exemption for lease contracts that, at the commencement date, have a lease term of 12 months or less and
do not contain a purchase option (“short-term leases”) and lease contracts for which the underlying asset is of low
value (“low value assets”).

On April 1, 2019,
the Company recognized lease liabilities of Rs.1,335 (presented as part of borrowings) and right-of-use assets of Rs.1,153, after
adjustments of Rs.182 towards lease incentives and other items related to the lease agreement as at March 31, 2019 (presented as
part of Property, plant and equipment).

Consequently, the
Company has recognized an amount of Rs.491 in depreciation expense and Rs.230 in finance costs for the year ended March 31, 2020.

Adoption of the new
standard had no impact upon leases for which the Company is a lessor.

IFRIC 23,
“Uncertainty over
Income Tax Treatments”

On June 7, 2017, the
IFRS Interpretations Committee issued IFRIC 23,
“Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments”
, which clarifies how
the recognition and measurement requirements of IAS 12,
“Income Taxes”
, are applied where there is uncertainty
over income tax treatments. It does not apply to taxes or levies outside the scope of IAS 12, nor does it specifically include
requirements relating to interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax treatments.

IFRIC 23 explains
how to recognize and measure deferred and current income tax assets and liabilities where there is uncertainty over a tax treatment.
An uncertain tax treatment is any tax treatment applied by an entity where there is uncertainty over whether that treatment will
be accepted by the applicable tax authority. For example, a decision to claim a deduction for a specific expense or not to include
a specific item of income in a tax return is an uncertain tax treatment if its acceptability is uncertain under applicable tax
law. The interpretation provides specific guidance in several areas where previously IAS 12 was silent. IFRIC 23 applies to all
aspects of income tax accounting where there is an uncertainty regarding the treatment of an item, including taxable profit or
loss, the tax bases of assets and liabilities, tax losses and credits and tax rates.

The Company applied
the interpretation effective April 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective approach. The adoption of IFRIC 23 did not have any
material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

135

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3.

Significant accounting policies (continued)

Summary of
significant accounting policies

a. Basis
of consolidation

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries
are all entities (including special purpose entities) that are controlled by the Company. Control exists when the Company is exposed
to, or has rights to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through
power over the entity. In assessing control, potential voting rights are considered only if the rights are substantive. The financial
statements of subsidiaries are included in these consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the
date that control ceases.

Non-controlling
interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, statement
of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and balance sheet respectively.

For
the purpose of preparing these consolidated financial statements, the accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where
necessary to align them with the policies adopted by the Company.

Joint arrangements
(equity accounted investees)

Joint
arrangements are those arrangements over which the Company has joint control, established by contractual agreement and requiring
unanimous consent for strategic financial and operating decisions.

A
joint arrangement is either a joint operation or a joint venture. A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties
that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement.
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets
of the arrangement.

With
respect to joint operations, the Company recognizes its direct right to the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of joint
operations and its share of any jointly held or incurred assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.

Investments
in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method and are initially recognized at cost. The carrying value of the Company’s
investment includes goodwill identified on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment losses. The Company does not consolidate
entities where the non-controlling interest (“NCI”) holders have certain significant participating rights that provide
for effective involvement in significant decisions in the ordinary course of business of such entities. Investments in such entities
are accounted by the equity method of accounting. When the Company’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity accounted
investee, the carrying amount of that interest (including any long-term investments) is reduced to zero and the recognition of
further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Company has an obligation or has made payments on behalf of the investee.

For
the purpose of preparing these consolidated financial statements, the accounting policies of joint ventures have been changed
where necessary to align them with the policies adopted by the Company. Furthermore, the financial statements of the joint ventures
are prepared for the same reporting period as of the Company.

Transactions
eliminated on consolidation

Intra-group
balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated in full
while preparing these consolidated financial statements. Unrealized gains or losses arising from transactions with equity accounted
investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Company’s interest in the investee.

Changes in
ownership interests

Acquisition
of some or all of the NCI is accounted for as a transaction with equity holders in their capacity as equity holders. Consequently,
the difference arising between the fair value of the purchase consideration paid and the carrying value of the NCI is recorded
as an adjustment to retained earnings that is attributable to the parent company. The associated cash flows are classified as financing
activities. No goodwill is recognized as a result of such transactions.

Loss of Control

Upon loss of control, the Company derecognizes the assets and
liabilities of the subsidiary, any NCIs and the other components of equity related to the subsidiary. Any surplus or deficit arising
on the loss of control is recognized in the consolidated income statement. If the Company retains any interest in the previous
subsidiary, then such interest is measured at fair value at the date that control is lost. Subsequently, depending on the level
of influence retained, it is accounted for as an equity-accounted investee or as an investment measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) or fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) under IFRS 9,
“Financial
Instruments”
.

136

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3.

Significant accounting policies (continued)

b. Foreign
currency

Foreign currency
transactions

Transactions
in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of entities within the Company at exchange rates at
the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated
into the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured based on historical cost in
a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary items that are measured at
fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.

Exchange
differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at rates different from those at which
they were translated on initial recognition during the period or in previous financial statements are recognized in the consolidated
income statement in the period in which they arise.

However,
foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the following items are recognized in other comprehensive income (“OCI”):

-   certain debt instruments classified as measured at fair value through other comprehensive income;

-   certain equity instruments where the Company had made an irrevocable election to present in other
comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value;

-   a financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation, to the
extent that the hedge is effective; and

-   qualifying cash flow hedges, to the extent that the hedges are effective.

When several exchange rates are available, the rate used is
that at which the future cash flows represented by the transaction or balance could have been settled if those cash flows had occurred
at the measurement date.

Foreign operations

Foreign
exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item receivable from a foreign operation, the settlement of which is neither
planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are considered to form part of the net investment in the foreign operation and are
recognized in OCI and presented within equity as a part of foreign currency translation reserve (“FCTR”).

In
case of foreign operations whose functional currency is different from the parent company’s functional currency, the assets
and liabilities of such foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising upon acquisition, are translated
to the reporting currency at exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of such foreign operations are translated
to the reporting currency at the monthly average exchange rates prevailing during the year. Resulting foreign currency differences
are recognized in OCI and presented within equity as part of FCTR. When a foreign operation is disposed of, in part or in full,
such that control, significant influence or joint control is lost, the relevant amount in the FCTR is transferred to the consolidated
income statement.

c. Financial
instruments

A financial instrument
is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.

Accounting policies relating to financial
instruments for periods after March 31, 2018

The Company’s accounting policies relating to financial
instruments for periods after March 31, 2018 are as follows:

Financial assets

Initial recognition and measurement

All financial assets
are recognized initially at fair value plus, in the case of financial assets not recorded at fair value through profit or loss,
transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Purchases or sales of financial assets that
require delivery of assets within a time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place (e.g., regular way trades)
are recognized on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Company commits to purchase or sell the asset.

Trade receivables
are recognized initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they contain significant financing components,
in which case they are recognized at fair value. The Company’s trade receivables do not contain any significant financing
component and hence are measured at the transaction price measured under IFRS 15.

137

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3.

Significant accounting policies (continued)

c. Financial
instruments (continued)

Subsequent measurement

For purposes of subsequent measurement,
financial assets are classified in four categories:

·   Debt instruments at amortized cost;

·   Debt instruments at FVTOCI;

·   Debt instruments, derivatives and equity
instruments at FVTPL; and

·   Equity instruments measured at FVTOCI.

Debt instruments at amortized cost

A “debt instrument” is measured
at the amortized cost if both the following conditions are met:

a)   the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets for collecting contractual
cash flows; and

b)   contractual terms of the asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding.

After initial measurement, such financial assets are subsequently
measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method and are subject to impairment. Amortized cost is calculated
by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest
rate.

Interest income from
these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on de-recognition
is recognized directly in the consolidated income statement and presented in other income/(losses),net. The losses arising from
impairment are recognized in the consolidated income statement. This category generally applies to trade and other receivables.

Debt instrument at FVTOCI

A “debt instrument” is classified
as at the FVTOCI if both of the following criteria are met:

a)   the objective of the business model is achieved both by
collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets; and

b)   the asset’s contractual cash flows represent SPPI.

Debt instruments included within the FVTOCI category are measured
initially as well as at each reporting date at fair value. Fair value movements are recognized in the other comprehensive income
(“OCI”). However, the Company recognizes interest income, impairment losses and reversals and foreign exchange gain
or loss in the consolidated income statement. On de-recognition of the asset, cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in
OCI is reclassified to the consolidated income statement. Interest earned while holding a FVTOCI debt instrument is reported as
interest income using the effective interest rate method.

Debt instrument at FVTPL

FVTPL is a residual
category for debt instruments. Any debt instrument, which does not meet the criteria for categorization as at amortized cost or
as FVTOCI, is classified as at FVTPL.

In addition, the Company
may elect to designate a debt instrument, which otherwise meets amortized cost or FVTOCI criteria, as at FVTPL. However, such election
is allowed only if doing so reduces or eliminates a measurement or recognition inconsistency (referred to as an “accounting
mismatch”).

Debt instruments included
within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the consolidated income statement.

Equity investments

All equity investments
within the scope of IFRS 9 are measured at fair value. Equity instruments which are held for trading and contingent consideration
recognized by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies, are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments,
the Company may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value. The
Company makes such election on an instrument-by-instrument basis. The classification is made upon initial recognition and is irrevocable.

If the Company decides
to classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are recognized
in the OCI. There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to the consolidated income statement, even on sale of investment. However,
the Company may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity. Equity investments designated as FVTOCI are not subject to
impairment assessment.

Equity instruments
included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes recognized in the consolidated income statement.

138

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

c. Financial
instruments (continued)

De-recognition

A financial asset
(or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e.
removed from the Company’s consolidated balance sheet) when:

·   the rights to receive cash flows from
the asset have expired; or

·   Both (1) the Company has transferred its
rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material
delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement; and (2) either (a) the Company has transferred substantially
all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Company has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and
rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

When the Company has
transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if and
to what extent it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all
of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Company continues to recognize the transferred
asset to the extent of the Company’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Company also recognizes an associated liability.
The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Company
has retained.

Impairment of trade receivables and
other financial assets

In accordance with
IFRS 9, the Company applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment loss on trade receivables
or any contractual right to receive cash or another financial asset.

For this purpose,
the Company follows a “simplified approach” for recognition of impairment loss allowance on the trade receivable balances.
The application of this simplified approach does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognizes
impairment loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition.

As a practical expedient,
the Company uses a provision matrix to determine impairment loss allowance on portfolio of its trade receivables. The provision
matrix is based on its historically observed default rates over the expected life of the trade receivables and is adjusted for
forward-looking estimates. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking
estimates are analyzed.

Financial liabilities

Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities
are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables,
or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.

All financial liabilities
are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction
costs.

The Company’s
financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings including bank overdrafts and derivative financial
instruments.

Subsequent measurement

The measurement of financial liabilities
depends on their classification, as described below:

Financial liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss

Financial liabilities
at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial
recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred
for the purpose of repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by
the Company that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by IFRS 9. Separated embedded derivatives
are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments.

Gains or losses on liabilities held for
trading are recognized in the consolidated income statement.

Financial liabilities
designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are designated as such at the initial date of recognition,
and only if the criteria in IFRS 9 are satisfied. For liabilities designated as FVTPL, fair value gains/ losses attributable to
changes in own credit risk are recognized in OCI. These gains or losses are not subsequently transferred to the consolidated income
statement. However, the Company may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity. All other changes in fair value of such
liability are recognized in the consolidated income statement. The Company has not designated any financial liability as fair value
through profit and loss.

139

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

c. Financial
instruments (continued)

Loans and borrowings

Borrowings are initially
recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost. Any difference
between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognized in consolidated income statement over
the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

After initial recognition,
interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. Gains
and losses are recognized in the consolidated income statement when the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the effective
interest rate amortization process.

Amortized cost is
calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective
interest rate . The effective interest rate amortization is included as finance costs in the consolidated income statement.

De-recognition

A financial liability
is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability
is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially
modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the de-recognition of the original liability and the recognition of a
new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the consolidated income statement.

Derivative financial instruments

The Company is exposed
to exchange rate risk which arises from its foreign exchange revenues and expenses, primarily in U.S. dollars, U.K. pounds sterling,
Russian roubles, Brazilian reals, Swiss francs, South African rands, Kazakhstan tenges, Romanian new leus and Euros, and foreign
currency debt in U.S. dollars, Russian roubles, Ukrainian hryvnias and Euros.

The Company uses derivative
financial instruments such as foreign exchange forward contracts, option contracts and swap contracts to mitigate its risk of changes
in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company also uses non-derivative financial instruments as part of its foreign currency
exposure risk mitigation strategy. Derivatives are classified as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial
liabilities when the fair value is negative.

Hedges of highly probable forecasted
transactions

The Company classifies
its derivative financial instruments that hedge foreign currency risk associated with highly probable forecasted transactions as
cash flow hedges and measures them at fair value. The effective portion of such cash flow hedges is recorded in the Company’s
hedging reserve as a component of equity and re-classified to the consolidated income statement as part of the hedged item in the
period corresponding to the occurrence of the forecasted transactions. The ineffective portion of such cash flow hedges is recorded
in the consolidated income statement as finance costs immediately.

The Company also designates certain non-derivative financial
liabilities, such as foreign currency borrowings from banks, as hedging instruments for hedge of foreign currency risk associated
with highly probable forecasted transactions. Accordingly, the Company applies cash flow hedge accounting to such relationships.
Re-measurement gain or loss on such non-derivative financial liabilities is recorded in the Company’s hedging reserve as
a component of equity and reclassified to the consolidated income statement as part of the hedged item in the period corresponding
to the occurrence of the forecasted transactions.

If the hedging instrument
no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, then hedge accounting is discontinued
prospectively. The cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income, remains there until the forecasted
transaction occurs. If the forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur, then the balance in other comprehensive income
is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.

Hedges of recognized assets and liabilities

Changes in the fair
value of derivative contracts that economically hedge monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies, and for which no hedge
accounting is applied, are recognized in the consolidated income statement. The changes in fair value of such derivative contracts,
as well as the foreign exchange gains and losses relating to the monetary items, are recognized in the consolidated income statement.
If the hedged item is derecognized, the unamortized fair value is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.

Hedges of changes in the interest rates

Consistent with its
risk management policy, the Company uses interest rate swaps to mitigate the risk of changes in interest rates. The Company does
not use them for trading or speculative purposes.

140

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

c. Financial instruments
(continued)

Cash and cash
equivalents

Cash
and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible
into known amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value. For this purpose, “short-term”
means investments having original maturities of three months or less from the date of investment. Bank overdrafts that are repayable
on demand form an integral part of the Company’s cash management and are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents
for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows.

Accounting
policies relating to financial instruments for periods ending on or prior to March 31, 2018

The
Company’s accounting policies relating to financial instruments for periods ending on or prior to March 31, 2018 are as follows:

Non-derivative
financial instruments

Non-derivative
financial instruments consist of investments in mutual funds, bonds, equity securities, trade and other receivables, cash and cash
equivalents, loans and borrowings, trade and other payables and certain other assets and liabilities.

Non-derivative
financial instruments are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs, except for those
instruments that are designated as being fair value through profit and loss upon initial recognition. Subsequent to initial recognition,
non-derivative financial instruments are measured as described below.

Cash and cash
equivalents

Cash
and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible
into known amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value. For this purpose, “short-term”
means investments having original maturities of three months or less from the date of investment. Bank overdrafts that are repayable
on demand form an integral part of the Company’s cash management and are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents
for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows.

Held-to-maturity
investments

Held-to-maturity
investments consist of investments in bonds with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturity that the Company has the positive
intention and the ability to hold to maturity. Such investments are initially measured at fair value, with subsequent measurements
made at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method.

Other investments

Other
investments consist of term deposits with original maturities of more than three months, and investments in mutual funds and equity
securities.

Investments
in mutual funds and equity securities are classified as available-for-sale financial assets. Subsequent to initial recognition,
they are measured at fair value and changes therein, other than impairment losses, are recognized in OCI and presented within equity
under “fair value reserve”. When an investment is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss in equity is transferred
to the consolidated income statement.

Trade payables

Trade
payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from suppliers.
Trade payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is expected within one year or within the normal operating cycle
of the business. After initial recognition, trade payables are recognized at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method.

Trade receivables

Trade
receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. Trade
receivables are classified as current assets if the collection is expected within one year or within the normal operating cycle
of the business. After initial recognition, trade receivables are recognized at amortized cost using the effective interest rate
method.

Debt instruments
and other financial liabilities

The
Company initially recognizes debt instruments issued on the date that they originate. All other financial liabilities are recognized
initially on the trade date, which is the date that the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
These are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,
these financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

141

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

c. Financial
instruments (continued)

Other non-derivative
financial instruments

Other
non-derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, these assets are
measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

De-recognition
of financial assets and liabilities

The
Company derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual right to the cash flows from that asset expires, or when it transfers
the rights to receive the contractual cash flows on the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and
rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred. If the Company retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Company continues to recognize the financial asset and also recognizes a collateralized
borrowing, at amortized cost, for the proceeds received.

The
Company derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference
between the carrying amount of the derecognized financial liability and the consideration paid is recognized as profit or loss
in the consolidated income statement.

Offsetting
financial assets and liabilities

Financial
assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only when, the
Company has a legal right and ability to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset
and settle the liability simultaneously.

Derivative
financial instruments

The Company is exposed to exchange rate risk which arises from
its foreign exchange revenues and expenses, primarily in U.S. dollars, U.K. pounds sterling, Russian roubles, Brazilian reals,
Swiss francs, South African rands, Kazakhstan tenges, Romanian new leus and Euros, and foreign currency debt in U.S. dollars, Russian
roubles, Ukrainian hryvnias and Euros.

The
Company uses foreign exchange forward contracts, option contracts and swap contracts (derivative financial instruments) to mitigate
its risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company also uses non-derivative financial instruments as part of its
foreign currency exposure risk mitigation strategy.

Hedges of highly
probable forecast transactions

The
Company classifies its derivative financial instruments that hedge foreign currency risk associated with highly probable forecast
transactions as cash flow hedges and measures them at fair value. The effective portion of such cash flow hedges is recognized
in OCI and presented within equity under “hedging reserve” and reclassified to the consolidated income statement as
revenue in the period corresponding to the occurrence of such transactions. The ineffective portion of such cash flow hedges is
recorded in the consolidated income statement as finance expense immediately.

The
Company also designates certain non-derivative financial liabilities, such as foreign currency borrowings from banks, as hedging
instruments for hedge of foreign currency risk associated with highly probable forecast transactions. Accordingly, the Company
applies cash flow hedge accounting to such relationships. Re-measurement gain/loss on such non-derivative financial liabilities
is recognized in OCI and presented within equity under “hedging reserve” and reclassified to the consolidated income
statement as revenue in the period corresponding to the occurrence of the forecast transactions.

Upon initial designation
of a hedging instrument, the Company formally documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and hedged item, including
the risk management objectives and strategy in undertaking the hedge transaction and the hedged risk, together with the methods
that will be used to assess the effectiveness of the hedging relationship. The Company makes an assessment, both at the inception
of the hedge relationship as well as on an ongoing basis, of whether the hedging instruments are expected to be “highly effective”
in offsetting the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the respective hedged items attributable to the hedged risk, and whether
the actual results of each hedge are within a range of 80%-125% relative to the gain or loss on the hedged items. For cash flow
hedges to be “highly effective”, a forecast transaction that is the subject of the hedge must be highly probable and
must present an exposure to variations in cash flows that could ultimately affect profit or loss.

If
the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, then hedge
accounting is discontinued prospectively. The cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI, remains there until the forecast
transaction occurs. If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, then the balance in OCI is recognized immediately
in the consolidated income statement.

142

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

c. Financial
instruments (continued)

Hedges of recognized
assets and liabilities

Changes
in the fair value of derivative contracts that economically hedge monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies, and for
which no hedge accounting is applied, are recognized in the consolidated income statement. The changes in fair value of such derivative
contracts, as well as the foreign exchange gains and losses relating to the monetary items, are recognized as part of “finance
income/(expense), net” in the consolidated income statement.

Hedges of changes
in the interest rates

Consistent
with its risk management policy, the Company uses interest rate swaps to mitigate the risk of changes in interest rates. The Company
does not use them for trading or speculative purposes.

d. Business combinations

The
Company uses the acquisition method of accounting to account for business combinations that occurred on or after April 1, 2009.
The acquisition date is the date on which control is transferred to the acquirer. Judgment is applied in determining the acquisition
date and determining whether control is transferred from one party to another. Control exists when the Company is exposed to, or
has rights to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through power over
the entity. In assessing control, potential voting rights are considered only if the rights are substantive. The Company measures
goodwill as of the applicable acquisition date at the fair value of the consideration transferred, including the recognized amount
of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, less the net recognized amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. When the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the consideration transferred,
a bargain purchase gain is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement. Consideration transferred includes the
fair values of the assets transferred, liabilities incurred by the Company to the previous owners of the acquiree, and equity interests
issued by the Company. Consideration transferred also includes the fair value of any contingent consideration. Consideration transferred
does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing relationships. Any goodwill that arises on account of such business
combination is tested annually for impairment.

Any
contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. If an obligation to pay contingent consideration
that meets the definition of a financial instrument is classified as equity, then it is not re-measured and the settlement is accounted
for within equity. Otherwise, other contingent consideration is re-measured at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent
changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are recorded in the consolidated income statement.

A
contingent liability of the acquiree is assumed in a business combination only if such a liability represents a present obligation
and arises from a past event, and its fair value can be measured reliably.

On
an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the Company recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or
at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Transaction costs
that the Company incurs in connection with a business combination, such as finder’s fees, legal fees, due diligence fees
and other professional and consulting fees, are expensed as incurred.

e. Property, plant and equipment

Recognition
and measurement

Items
of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-constructed assets
includes the cost of materials and other costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to a working condition for its intended
use. Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the construction or production of a qualifying asset are capitalized as
part of the cost of that asset.

When
parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items (major
components) of property, plant and equipment.

Gains
and losses upon disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined by comparing the proceeds from disposal with
the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and are recognized net within “Other (income)/expense, net” in
the consolidated income statement.

The
cost of replacing part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of the item if it is probable
that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Company and its cost can be measured reliably. The
costs of repairs and maintenance are recognized in the consolidated income statement as incurred.

Items
of property, plant and equipment acquired through exchange of non-monetary assets are measured at fair value, unless the exchange
transaction lacks commercial substance or the fair value of either the asset received or asset given up is not reliably measurable,
in which case the asset exchanged is recorded at the carrying amount of the asset given up.

143

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant
accounting policies (continued)

e. Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Depreciation

Depreciation
is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight line basis over the estimated useful lives of property, plant
and equipment. The depreciation expense is included in the costs of the functions using the asset. Land is not depreciated but
subject to impairment.

Depreciation
methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and any changes are considered prospectively. The
estimated useful lives are as follows:

Buildings
- Factory and administrative buildings   20 - 50 years
- Ancillary structures   3 - 15 years
Plant and equipment   3 - 15 years
Furniture, fixtures and office equipment   3 - 10 years
Vehicles   4 - 5 years

Software
for internal use, which is primarily acquired from third-party vendors and which is an integral part of a tangible asset, including
consultancy charges for implementing the software, is capitalized as part of the related tangible asset. Subsequent costs associated
with maintaining such software are recognized as expense as incurred. The capitalized costs are amortized over the estimated useful
life of the software or the remaining useful life of the tangible fixed asset, whichever is lower.

Advances
paid towards the acquisition of property, plant and equipment outstanding at each reporting date and the cost of property, plant
and equipment not ready to use before such date are disclosed under capital work-in-progress. Assets not ready for use are not
depreciated but are tested for impairment.

f. Goodwill
and other intangible assets

Recognition
and measurement

Goodwill   Goodwill represents the excess of consideration
        transferred, together with the amount of non-controlling interest in the acquiree, over the fair value of the Company’s share
        of identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill is measured at cost less
accumulated impairment losses. In respect of equity accounted investees, the carrying amount of goodwill is included in the carrying
amount of the investment, and any impairment loss on such an investment is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that
forms part of the carrying value of the equity accounted investee.
Other
    intangible assets   Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Company and that have finite useful lives are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.
Research
    and development   Expenditures on research activities undertaken
        with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge and understanding are recognized in the consolidated income
        statement when incurred. Development activities involve
a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved products and processes. Development expenditures are capitalized
only if: · development costs can be measured reliably; · the         product or process is technically and
        commercially feasible; · future         economic benefits are probable; and · the Company intends to, and has
sufficient resources, to complete development and to use or sell the asset. The expenditures to be capitalized include
        the cost of materials and other costs directly attributable to preparing the asset for its intended use. Other development expenditures
        are recognized in the consolidated income statement as incurred. As of March 31, 2020, none of the development expenditure amounts
        has met the aforesaid recognition criteria.
Separate
    acquisition of intangible assets   Payments to third parties that generally take the form of up-front payments and milestones for in-licensed products, compounds and intellectual property are capitalized. The Company’s criteria for capitalization of such assets are consistent with the guidance given in paragraph 25 of International Accounting Standard 38 (“IAS 38”) (i.e., the receipt of economic benefits embodied in each intangible asset separately purchased or licensed in the transaction is considered to be probable).

144

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant
accounting policies (continued)

f. Goodwill
and other intangible assets (continued)

In-Process Research and Development assets (“IPR&D”)   Acquired research and development intangible assets that are under development are recognized as In-Process Research and Development assets (“IPR&D”). IPR&D assets are not amortized, but evaluated for potential impairment on an annual basis or when there are indications that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Any impairment charge on such IPR&D assets is recorded in the consolidated income statement under "Impairment of non-current assets".

Subsequent
expenditure

Other
    intangible assets   Subsequent expenditures are capitalized only when they increase the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which they relate. All other expenditures, including expenditures on internally generated goodwill and brands, is recognized in the consolidated income statement as incurred.
IPR&D
    assets   Subsequent expenditure on an IPR&D
        project acquired separately or in a business combination and recognized as an intangible asset is: · recognized as an expense when incurred, if it is a
research expenditure; · recognized         as an expense when incurred, if it is
        a development expenditure that does not satisfy the criteria for recognition as an intangible         asset in paragraph 57
        of IAS 38; and · added         to the carrying amount of the acquired
        in-process research or development project, if it is a development expenditure that satisfies         the recognition
        criteria in paragraph 57 of IAS 38.

Amortization

Amortization
is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets.
The amortization expense is recognized in the income statement in the expense category that is consistent with the function of
the intangible asset. Intangible assets that are not available for use are amortized from the date they are available for use.

The estimated
useful lives are as follows:

Product related intangibles   3 - 15 years
Customer-related intangibles   1 - 11 years
Other intangibles   3 - 15 years

The
amortization period and the amortization method for intangible assets with a finite useful life are reviewed at each reporting
date.

Goodwill,
intangible assets relating to products in development, other intangible assets not available for use and intangible assets having
indefinite useful life are subject to impairment testing at each reporting date. All other intangible assets are tested for impairment
when there are indications that the carrying value may not be recoverable. All impairment losses are recognized immediately in
the consolidated income statement.

De-recognition
of intangible assets

Intangible
assets are de-recognized either on their disposal or where no future economic benefits are expected from their use. Losses arising
on such de-recognition are recorded in the consolidated income statement, and are measured as the difference between the net disposal
proceeds, if any, and the carrying amount of respective intangible assets as at the date of de-recognition.

145

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

g. Leases

As explained in the
introduction to this Note 3 above (see
New Standards adopted by the Company- IFRS 16,“Leases”
), the Company
has changed its accounting policy for leases where the Company is the lessee. The new policy is described below. Refer to such
introduction to this Note 3 for the impact of the change in accounting policy.

Accounting
policies relating to leases for periods ending on or after April 1, 2019

The Company's accounting
policies relating to leases for periods ending on or after April 1, 2019 are as follows:

The Company assesses
at contract inception whether a contract is or contains a lease, which applies if the contract conveys the right to control the
use of the identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. The Company recognizes a right-of-use asset at
the commencement date of the lease - i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use. Assets and liabilities arising from
a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease
payments to be made over the lease term:

·   fixed payments (including in-substance
fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

·   variable lease payment that are based
on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;

·   amounts expected to be payable by the
Company under residual value guarantees;

·   the exercise price of a purchase option
if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and

·   payments of penalties for terminating
the lease, if the lease term reflects the group exercising that option.

The lease payments
are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined, which is generally the
case for leases in the group, then the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used. Such borrowing rate is calculated as
the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the
right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions. The Company’s lease liabilities
are included in borrowings.

Lease payments are
allocated between principal and interest cost. The interest cost is charged to consolidated income statement over the lease period
so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation
and accumulated impairment, comprised of the following:

·   the amount of the initial measurement
of lease liability;

·   any lease payments made at or before the
commencement date less any lease incentives received;

·   any initial direct costs; and

·   restoration costs.

Right-of-use assets
are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

Payments associated
with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets are recognized on a straight-line basis as
an expense in consolidated income statement. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets
comprise IT equipment and small items of office furniture.

The right-of-use assets
are initially recognized on the statements of financial position at cost, which is calculated as the amount of the initial measurement
of the corresponding lease liability, adjusted for any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement date of the lease, any
lease incentive received and any initial direct costs incurred by the Company.

Accounting
policies relating to leases for periods ending on or prior to March 31, 2019

The
Company’s accounting policies relating to leases for periods ending on or prior to March 31, 2019 are as follows:

At
the inception of each lease, the lease arrangement is classified as either a finance lease or an operating lease, based on the
substance of the lease arrangement.

Finance leases

A
finance lease is recognized as an asset and a liability at the commencement of the lease, at the lower of the fair value of the
asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Initial direct costs, if any, are also capitalized and, subsequent to
initial recognition, the asset is accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to that asset. Minimum lease
payments made under finance leases are apportioned between the finance expense and the reduction of the outstanding lease liability.
The finance expense is allocated to each period during the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on
the remaining balance of the liability.

146

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

g. Leases
(continued)

Operating leases

Other
leases are operating leases, and the leased assets are not recognized on the Company’s statements of financial position.
Payments made under operating leases are recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the term
of the lease.

Operating
lease incentives received from the landlord are recognized as a reduction of rental expense on a straight line basis over the lease
term.

h. Inventories

Inventories
consist of raw materials, stores and spares, work in progress and finished goods and are measured at the lower of cost and net
realizable value. The cost of all categories of inventories is based on the weighted average method. Cost includes expenditures
incurred in acquiring the inventories, production or conversion costs and other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing
location and condition. In the case of finished goods and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of overheads based
on normal operating capacity. Stores and spares consists of packing materials, engineering spares (such as machinery spare parts)
and consumables (such as lubricants, cotton waste and oils), which are used in operating machines or consumed as indirect materials
in the manufacturing process.

Net
realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and
selling expenses.

The
factors that the Company considers in determining the provision for slow moving, obsolete and other non-saleable inventory include
estimated shelf life, planned product discontinuances, price changes, aging of inventory and introduction of competitive new products,
to the extent each of these factors impact the Company’s business and markets. The Company considers all these factors and
adjusts the inventory provision to reflect its actual experience on a periodic basis.

i. Impairment

Non-financial
assets

The
carrying amounts of the Company’s non-financial assets, other than inventories and deferred tax assets are reviewed at each
reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s
recoverable amount is estimated. For goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite lives or that are not yet available for
use, an impairment test is performed each year at March 31.

The
recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit (as defined below) is the greater of its value in use and its fair value
less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or the cash-generating
unit. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generate cash inflows
from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating
unit”).

The
goodwill acquired in a business combination is, for the purpose of impairment testing, allocated to cash-generating units that
are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

An
impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated income statement if the estimated recoverable amount of an asset or its cash-generating
unit is lower than its carrying amount. Impairment losses recognized in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to
reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in
the unit on a pro-rata basis.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In
respect of other assets, impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications
that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used
to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does
not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization,
if no impairment loss had been recognized. Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an associate is
not recognized separately, and therefore is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire amount of the investment
in an associate is tested for impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the investment in an associate
may be impaired.

An
impairment loss in respect of equity accounted investee is measured by comparing the recoverable amount of investment with its
carrying amount. An impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated income statement, and reversed if there has been a favorable
change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.

147

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

j. Employee
benefits

Short-term
employee benefits

Short-term
employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognized for the amount expected to be paid
if the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee
and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Defined contribution
plans

The Company’s
contributions to defined contribution plans are charged to the consolidated income statement as and when the services are received
from the employees.

Defined benefit
plans

The liability in respect of defined benefit plans and other
post-employment benefits is calculated using the projected unit credit method consistent with the advice of qualified actuaries.
The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest
rates of high-quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms
to maturity approximating to the terms of the related defined benefit obligation. In countries where there is no deep market in
such bonds, the market interest rates on government bonds are used. The current service cost of the defined benefit plan, recognized
in the consolidated income statement in employee benefit expense, reflects the increase in the defined benefit obligation resulting
from employee service in the current year, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements. Past service costs are recognized immediately
in the consolidated income statement. The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the
defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee benefit expense in the consolidated
income statement. Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions for defined
benefit obligation and plan assets are recognized in OCI in the period in which they arise.

When
the benefits under a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to past service
or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement. The Company recognizes gains
or losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan obligation when the settlement occurs.

Termination
benefits

Termination
benefits are recognized as an expense in the consolidated income statement when the Company is demonstrably committed, without
realistic possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date,
or to provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary
redundancies are recognized as an expense in the consolidated income statement if the Company has made an offer encouraging voluntary
redundancy, it is probable that the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably.

Other long-term
employee benefits

The Company’s net obligation in respect of other long-term
employee benefits is the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and previous
periods. That benefit is discounted to determine its present value. Re-measurements are recognized in the consolidated income statement
in the period in which they arise.

Compensated
absences

The
Company’s current policies permit certain categories of its employees to accumulate and carry forward a portion of their
unutilized compensated absences and utilize them in future periods or receive cash in lieu thereof in accordance with the terms
of such policies. The Company measures the expected cost of accumulating compensated absences as the additional amount that the
Company incurs as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the reporting date. Such measurement is based on actuarial
valuation as at the reporting date carried out by a qualified actuary.

Equity settled
share-based payment transactions

The
grant date fair value of options granted to employees is recognized as an employee expense in the consolidated income statement,
with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees become unconditionally entitled to the options. The
amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related service and performance conditions
are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognized is based on the number of awards that meet the related service
and performance conditions at the vesting date. The expense is recorded for each separately vesting portion of the award as if
the award was, in substance, multiple awards. The increase in equity recognized in connection with share-based payment transaction
is presented as a separate component in equity under “share-based payment reserve”. The amount recognized as an expense
is adjusted to reflect the actual number of stock options that vest.

148

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

j. Employee
benefits (continued)

Cash settled
share-based payment transactions

The
fair value of the amount payable to employees in respect of share-based payment transactions which are settled in cash is recognized
as an expense, with a corresponding increase in liabilities, over the period during which the employees become unconditionally
entitled to payment. The liability is re-measured at each reporting date and at the settlement date based on the fair value of
the share-based payment transaction. Any changes in the liability are recognized in the consolidated income statement.

k. Provisions

A
provision is recognized in the consolidated income statement if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal or
constructive obligation that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required
to settle the obligation. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected
future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
to the liability. Where discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as a finance
cost.

Restructuring

A
provision for restructuring is recognized in the consolidated income statement when the Company has approved a detailed and formal
restructuring plan, and the restructuring either has commenced or has been announced publicly. Future operating costs are not provided.

Onerous contracts

A
provision for onerous contracts is recognized in the consolidated income statement when the expected benefits to be derived by
the Company from a contract are lower than the unavoidable cost of meeting its obligations under the contract. The provision is
measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing
with the contract. Before a provision is established, the Company recognizes any impairment loss on the assets associated with
that contract.

Reimbursement
rights

Expected
reimbursements for expenditures required to settle a provision are recognized in the consolidated income statement only when receipt
of such reimbursements is virtually certain. Such reimbursements are recognized as a separate asset in the statement of financial
position, with a corresponding credit to the specific expense for which the provision has been made.

Contingent
liabilities and contingent assets

A
disclosure for a contingent liability is made when there is a possible obligation or a present obligation that may, but probably
will not, require an outflow of resources. Where there is a possible obligation or a present obligation in respect of which the
likelihood of outflow of resources is remote, no provision or disclosure is made.

Contingent
assets are not recognized in the financial statements. A contingent asset is disclosed where an inflow of economic benefits is
probable. Contingent assets are assessed continually and, if it is virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefits will arise,
the asset and related income are recognized in the period in which the change occurs.

l. Revenue

The
Company’s revenue is derived from sales of goods, service income and income from licensing arrangements. Most of such revenue
is generated from the sale of goods. The Company has generally concluded that it is the principal in its revenue arrangements.

Accounting
policies relating to revenue for periods after March 31, 2018

The
Company’s accounting policies relating to revenue for periods after March 31, 2018 are as follows:

Sale of goods

Revenue
is recognized when the control of the goods has been transferred to a third party. This is usually when the title passes to the
customer, either upon shipment or upon receipt of goods by the customer. At that point, the customer has full discretion over the
channel and price to sell the products, and there are no unfulfilled obligations that could affect the customer’s acceptance
of the product.

Revenue
from the sale of goods is measured at the transaction price which is the consideration received or receivable, net of returns,
taxes and applicable trade discounts and allowances. Revenue includes shipping and handling costs billed to the customer.

In
arriving at the transaction price, the Company considers the terms of the contract with the customers and its customary business
practices. The transaction price is the amount of consideration the Company is entitled to receive in exchange for transferring
promised goods or services, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The amount of consideration varies because
of estimated rebates, returns and chargebacks, which are considered to be key estimates. Any amount of variable consideration is
recognized as revenue only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur. The Company estimates
the amount of variable consideration using the expected value method.

149

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

l. Revenue
(continued)

Presented
below are the points of recognition of revenue with respect to the Company’s sale of goods:

Particulars   Point of recognition of revenue
Sales of generic products in India   Upon delivery of products to distributors by clearing and forwarding agents of the Company. Control over the generic products is transferred by the Company when the goods are delivered to distributors from clearing and forwarding agents.
Sales of active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates in India   Upon delivery of products to customers (generally formulation manufacturers), from the factories of the Company.
Export sales and other sales outside of India   Upon delivery of the products to the customers unless the terms of the applicable contract provide for specific revenue generating activities to be completed, in which case revenue is recognized once all such activities are completed.

Profit share
revenues

The
Company from time to time enters into marketing arrangements with certain business partners for the sale of its products in certain
markets. Under such arrangements, the Company sells its products to the business partners at a non-refundable base purchase price
agreed upon in the arrangement and is also entitled to a profit share which is over and above the base purchase price. The profit
share is typically dependent on the business partner’s ultimate net sale proceeds or net profits, subject to any reductions
or adjustments that are required by the terms of the arrangement. Such arrangements typically require the business partner to provide
confirmation of units sold and net sales or net profit computations for the products covered under the arrangement.

Revenue in an amount
equal to the base sale price is recognized in these transactions upon delivery of products to the business partners. An additional
amount representing the profit share component is recognized as revenue only to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant
reversal will not occur.

At the end of each
reporting period, the Company updates the estimated transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate
of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period
and the changes in circumstances during the reporting period.

Out licensing
arrangements, milestone payments and royalties

Revenues include amounts derived from product out-licensing
agreements. These arrangements typically consist of an initial up-front payment on inception of the license and subsequent payments
dependent on achieving certain milestones in accordance with the terms prescribed in the agreement. In cases where the transaction
has two or more components, the Company accounts for the delivered item (for example, the transfer of title to the intangible asset)
as a separate unit of accounting and record revenue upon delivery of that component, provided that the Company can make a reasonable
estimate of the fair value of the undelivered component. Otherwise, non-refundable up-front license fees received in connection
with product out-licensing agreements are deferred and recognized over the balance period in which the Company has pending performance
obligations. Milestone payments which are contingent on achieving certain clinical milestones are recognized as revenues either
on achievement of such milestones, over the performance period depending on the terms of the contract. If milestone payments are
creditable against future royalty payments, the milestones are deferred and released over the period in which the royalties are
anticipated to be paid.

Royalty
income earned through a license is recognized when the underlying sales have occurred.

Provision for
chargeback, rebates and discounts

Provisions
for chargeback, rebates, discounts and Medicaid payments are estimated and provided for in the year of sales and recorded as reduction
of revenue. A chargeback claim is a claim made by the wholesaler for the difference between the price at which the product is initially
invoiced to the wholesaler and the net price at which it is agreed to be procured from the Company. Provisions for such chargebacks
are accrued and estimated based on historical average chargeback rate actually claimed over a period of time, current contract
prices with wholesalers/other customers and estimated inventory holding by the wholesaler.

Shelf stock
adjustments

Shelf
stock adjustments are credits issued to customers to reflect decreases in the selling price of products sold by the Company, and
are accrued when the prices of certain products decline as a result of increased competition or otherwise. These credits are customary
in the pharmaceutical industry, and are intended to reduce the customer inventory cost to better reflect the current market prices.
The determination to grant a shelf stock adjustment to a customer is based on the terms of the applicable contract, which may or
may not specifically limit the age of the stock on which a credit would be offered.

150

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

l. Revenue
(continued)

Sales Returns

The
Company accounts for sales returns accrual by recording refund liability concurrent with the recognition of revenue at the time
of a product sale. This liability is based on the Company’s estimate of expected sales returns. The Company deals in various
products and operates in various markets. Accordingly, the estimate of sales returns is determined primarily by the Company’s
historical experience in the markets in which the Company operates. With respect to established products, the Company considers
its historical experience of sales returns, levels of inventory in the distribution channel, estimated shelf life, product discontinuances,
price changes of competitive products, and the introduction of competitive new products, to the extent each of these factors impact
the Company’s business and markets. With respect to new products introduced by the Company, such products have historically
been either extensions of an existing line of product where the Company has historical experience or in therapeutic categories
where established products exist and are sold either by the Company or the Company’s competitors. At the time of recognizing
the refund liability, the Company also recognizes an asset, (i.e., the right to the returned goods) which is included in inventories
for the products expected to be returned. The Company initially measures this asset at the former carrying amount of the inventory,
less any expected costs to recover the goods, including any potential decreases in the value of the returned goods.

Along
with re-measuring the refund liability at the end of each reporting period, the Company updates the measurement of the asset recorded
for any revisions to its expected level of returns, as well as any additional decreases in the value of the returned products.

Services

Revenue
from services rendered, which primarily relate to contract research, is recognized in the consolidated income statement as the
underlying services are performed. Upfront non-refundable payments received under these arrangements are deferred and recognized
as revenue over the expected period over which the related services are expected to be performed.

License fees

License
fees primarily consist of income from the out-licensing of intellectual property, and other licensing and supply arrangements with
various parties. Revenue from license fees is recognized when control transfers to the third party and the Company’s performance
obligations are satisfied. Some of these arrangements include certain performance obligations by the Company. Revenue from such
arrangements is recognized in the period in which the Company completes all its performance obligations.

Accounting
policies relating to revenue for periods ending on or prior to March 31, 2018

The
Company’s accounting policies relating to revenue for periods ending on or prior to March 31, 2018 are as follows:

Sale of goods

Revenue
is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer, recovery of the consideration
is probable, the associated costs and possible return of goods can be estimated reliably, there is no continuing management involvement
with the goods and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. Revenue from the sale of goods includes relevant taxes and is
measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of returns, sales tax and applicable trade discounts
and allowances. Revenue includes shipping and handling costs billed to the customer.

Revenue
from sales of generic products in India is recognized upon delivery of products to distributors by clearing and forwarding agents
of the Company. Significant risks and rewards in respect of ownership of generic products are transferred by the Company when the
goods are delivered to distributors from clearing and forwarding agents. Clearing and forwarding agents are generally compensated
on a commission basis as a percentage of sales made by them. Revenue from sales of active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates
in India is recognized upon delivery of products to customers (generally formulation manufacturers) from the factories of the Company.

Revenue
from export sales and other sales outside of India is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of products
are transferred to the customers. Such transfer occurs upon delivery of the products to the customers unless the terms of the applicable
contract provide for specific revenue generating activities to be completed, in which case revenue is recognized once all such
activities are completed.

Profit share
revenues

The
Company from time to time enters into marketing arrangements with certain business partners for the sale of its products in certain
markets. Under such arrangements, the Company sells its products to the business partners at a non-refundable base purchase price
agreed upon in the arrangement and is also entitled to a profit share which is over and above the base purchase price. The profit
share is typically dependent on the business partner’s ultimate net sale proceeds or net profits, subject to any reductions
or adjustments that are required by the terms of the arrangement. Such arrangements typically require the business partner to provide
confirmation of units sold and net sales or net profit computations for the products covered under the arrangement.

151

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

l. Revenue
(continued)

Revenue in an amount
equal to the base sale price is recognized in these transactions upon delivery of products to the business partners. An additional
amount representing the profit share component is recognized as revenue in the period which corresponds to the ultimate sales of
the products made by business partners only when the collectability of the profit share becomes probable and a reliable measurement
of the profit share is available. Otherwise, recognition is deferred to a subsequent period pending satisfaction of such collectability
and measurability requirements. In measuring the amount of profit share revenue to be recognized for each period, the Company uses
all available information and evidence, including any confirmations from the business partner of the profit share amount owed to
the Company, to the extent made available before the date the Company’s Board of Directors authorizes the issuance of its
financial statements for the applicable period.

Milestone payments
and out licensing arrangements

Revenues
include amounts derived from product out-licensing agreements. These arrangements typically consist of an initial up-front payment
on inception of the license and subsequent payments dependent on achieving certain milestones in accordance with the terms prescribed
in the agreement. Non-refundable up-front license fees received in connection with product out-licensing agreements are deferred
and recognized over the period in which the Company has continuing performance obligations. Milestone payments which are contingent
on achieving certain clinical milestones are recognized as revenues either on achievement of such milestones, if the milestones
are considered substantive, or over the period the Company has continuing performance obligations, if the milestones are not considered
substantive. If milestone payments are creditable against future royalty payments, the milestones are deferred and released over
the period in which the royalties are anticipated to be paid.

Provision for
chargeback, rebates and discounts

Provisions
for chargeback, rebates, discounts and Medicaid payments are estimated and provided for in the year of sales and recorded as reduction
of revenue. A chargeback claim is a claim made by the wholesaler for the difference between the price at which the product is initially
invoiced to the wholesaler and the net price at which it is agreed to be procured from the Company. Provisions for such chargebacks
are accrued and estimated based on historical average chargeback rate actually claimed over a period of time, current contract
prices with wholesalers and other customers and estimated inventory holding by the wholesaler.

Shelf stock
adjustments

Shelf
stock adjustments are credits issued to customers to reflect decreases in the selling price of products sold by the Company, and
are accrued when the prices of certain products decline as a result of increased competition or otherwise. These credits are customary
in the pharmaceutical industry, and are intended to reduce the customer inventory cost to better reflect the current market prices.
The determination to grant a shelf stock adjustment to a customer is based on the terms of the applicable contract, which may
or may not specifically limit the age of the stock on which a credit would be offered.

Sales Returns

The
Company accounts for sales returns accrual by recording an allowance for sales returns concurrently with the recognition of revenue
at the time of a product sale. This allowance is based on the Company’s estimate of expected sales returns. The Company deals
in various products and operates in various markets. Accordingly, the estimate of sales returns is determined primarily by the
Company’s historical experience in the markets in which the Company operates. With respect to established products, the Company
considers its historical experience of sales returns, levels of inventory in the distribution channel, estimated shelf life, product
discontinuances, price changes of competitive products, and the introduction of competitive new products, to the extent each of
these factors impact the Company’s business and markets. With respect to new products introduced by the Company, such products
have historically been either extensions of an existing line of product where the Company has historical experience or in therapeutic
categories where established products exist and are sold either by the Company or the Company’s competitors.

Services

Revenue
from services rendered, which primarily relate to contract research, is recognized in the consolidated income statement as the
underlying services are performed. Upfront non-refundable payments received under these arrangements are deferred and recognized
as revenue over the expected period over which the related services are expected to be performed.

Export entitlements

Export
entitlements from government authorities are recognized in the consolidated income statement as a reduction from “Cost of
Revenues” when the right to receive credit as per the terms of the scheme is established in respect of the exports made by
the Company, and where there is no significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate collection of the relevant export proceeds.

152

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant
accounting policies (continued)

l. Revenue
(continued)

License fees

The Company from time to time enters into certain dossier sales,
licensing and supply arrangements with various parties. Income from licensing arrangements is generally recognized over the term
of the contract. Some of these arrangements include certain performance obligations by the Company. Revenue from such arrangements
is recognized in the period in which the Company completes all its performance obligations.

m. Shipping and handling costs

Shipping
and handling costs incurred to transport products to customers, and internal transfer costs incurred to transport the products
from the Company’s factories to its various points of sale, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses.

n. Finance income and expense

Finance
income consists of interest income on funds invested, dividend income and gains on the disposal of financial assets. Interest income
is recognized in the consolidated income statement as it accrues, using the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognized
in the consolidated income statement on the date that the Company’s right to receive payment is established. The associated
cash flows are classified as investing activities in the statement of cash flows. Finance expenses consist of interest expense
on loans and borrowings.

Borrowing
costs are recognized in the consolidated income statement using the effective interest method. The associated cash flows are classified
as financing activities in the statement of cash flows.

Foreign
currency gains and losses are reported on a net basis within finance income and expense. These primarily include: exchange differences
arising on the settlement or translation of monetary items; changes in the fair value of derivative contracts that economically
hedge monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies and for which no hedge accounting is applied; and the ineffective portion
of cash flow hedges.

o. Income
tax

Income
tax expense consists of current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognized in the consolidated income statement except
to the extent that it relates to items recognized directly in equity, in which case it is recognized in equity. Current tax is
the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting
date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred
tax is recognized using the balance sheet method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognized for the
following temporary differences:

-   temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that
is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit;

-   temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities to
the extent that it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and

-   taxable temporary differences arising upon the initial recognition of goodwill.

Deferred
tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws
that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there
is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied by the same
tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets
on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realized simultaneously.

A
deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which
the temporary difference can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent
that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at
each reporting date and are recognized to the extent that it has become probable that the future taxable profits will allow the
deferred tax assets to be recovered.

Any
deferred tax asset or liability arising from deductible or taxable temporary differences in respect of unrealized inter-company
profit or loss on inventories held by the Company in different tax jurisdictions is recognized using the tax rate of the jurisdiction
in which such inventories are held. Withholding tax arising out of payment of dividends to shareholders under the Indian Income
tax regulations is not considered as tax expense for the Company and all such taxes are recognized in the statement of changes
in equity as part of the associated dividend payment.

Current and deferred tax is recognized in consolidated income
statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this
case, the tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

153

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

3. Significant
accounting policies (continued)

o. Income
tax (continued)

Accruals for uncertain tax positions require management to make
judgments of potential exposures. Accruals for uncertain tax positions are measured using either the most likely amount or the
expected value amount, depending on which method the entity expects to better predict the resolution of the uncertainty. Tax benefits
are not recognized unless the tax positions will probably be accepted by the tax authorities. This is based upon management’s
interpretation of applicable laws and regulations and the expectation of how the tax authority will resolve the matter. Once considered
probable of not being accepted, management reviews each material tax benefit and reflects the effect of the uncertainty in determining
the related taxable amounts.

 p.
Earnings per share

The
Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is calculated
by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary
shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders
and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which
includes all stock options granted to employees.

q. Government grants

The
Company recognizes government grants only when there is reasonable assurance that the conditions attached to them will be complied
with, and the grants will be received. Government grants received in relation to assets are presented as a reduction to the carrying
amount of the related asset. Grants related to income are deducted in reporting the related expense in the consolidated income
statement.

Export
entitlements from government authorities are recognized in the consolidated income statement as a reduction from “Cost of
Revenues” when the right to receive credit as per the terms of the scheme is established in respect of the exports made by
the Company, and where there is no significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate collection of the relevant export proceeds.

r. Segment
reporting

Operating
segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision maker. The Co-Chairman
and Managing Director of the Company is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments
and accordingly is identified as the chief operating decision maker.

s. Treasury
shares

Own equity instruments that are reacquired (treasury shares)
are recognized at cost and deducted from equity. No gain or loss is recognized in consolidated income statement on the purchase,
sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments. Any difference between the carrying amount and the consideration,
if reissued, is recognized in the share premium.

t
.
Recent
accounting pronouncements

Standards issued but not yet effective
and not early adopted by the Company

Amendments
to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 in response to IBOR reform

In September 2019,
the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) published “Interest Rate Benchmark Reform, Amendments to
IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7,” which amended certain of its requirements for hedge accounting. The amendments are designed to
support the provision of useful financial information by companies during the period of uncertainty arising from the phasing out
of interest-rate benchmarks such as interbank offered rates (“IBORs”).

The amendments revise
the IASB’s new and old financial instruments Standards, IFRS 9,
“Financial Instruments”
 and IAS 39, “
Financial
Instruments: Recognition and Measurement”
, as well as the related Standard on disclosures, IFRS 7,
“Financial
Instruments: Disclosures”
.

The amendments modify
some specific hedge accounting requirements to provide relief from potential effects of the uncertainty caused by the IBORs reform.
In addition, the amendments require companies to provide additional information to investors about their hedging relationships
which are directly affected by these uncertainties.

The amendments are effective as of January 1, 2020, although
companies may choose to apply them earlier. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of such amendments on its consolidated
financial statements.

u. Rounding
of amounts

All
amounts disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest million currency units
unless otherwise stated.

154

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

4. Determination
of fair values

The Company’s
accounting policies and disclosures require the determination of fair value, for certain financial and non-financial assets and
liabilities. Fair values have been determined for measurement and/or disclosure purposes based on the following methods. When applicable,
further information about the assumptions made in determining fair values is disclosed in the notes specific to that asset or liability.

(i) Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and
equipment, if acquired in a business combination or through an exchange of non-monetary assets, is measured at fair value on the
acquisition date. For this purpose, fair value is based on appraised market values and replacement cost.

(ii) Intangible assets

The fair value of
brands, technology related intangibles, and patents and trademarks acquired in a business combination is based on the discounted
estimated royalty payments that have been avoided as a result of these brands, technology related intangibles, patents or trademarks
being owned (the “relief of royalty method”). The fair value of customer related, product related and other intangibles
acquired in a business combination has been determined using the multi-period excess earnings method. Under this method, value
is estimated as the present value of the benefits anticipated from ownership of the intangible assets in excess of the returns
required or the investment in the contributory assets necessary to realize those benefits.

(iii) Inventories

The fair value of
inventories acquired in a business combination is determined based on its estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
less the estimated costs of completion and sale, and a reasonable profit margin based on the effort required to complete and sell
the inventories.

(iv) Investments in equity and debt securities and units
of mutual funds

The fair value of
marketable equity and debt securities is determined by reference to their quoted market price at the reporting date. For debt securities
where quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined using pricing techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis.

In respect of investments
in mutual funds, the fair values represent net asset value as stated by the issuers of these mutual fund units in the published
statements. Net asset values represent the price at which the issuer will issue further units in the mutual fund and the price
at which issuers will redeem such units from the investors.

Accordingly, such
net asset values are analogous to fair market value with respect to these investments, as transactions of these mutual funds are
carried out at such prices between investors and the issuers of these units of mutual funds.

(v) Derivatives

The fair value of
foreign exchange forward contracts is estimated by discounting the difference between the contractual forward price and the current
forward price for the residual maturity of the contract using a risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds). The fair value
of foreign currency option and swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts is determined based on the appropriate valuation
techniques, considering the terms of the contract.

(vi) Non-derivative financial liabilities

Fair value, which
is determined for disclosure purposes, is calculated based on the present value of future principal and interest cash flows, discounted
at the market rate of interest at the reporting date. For finance leases the market rate of interest is determined by reference
to similar lease agreements. In respect of the Company’s borrowings that have floating rates of interest, their fair value
approximates carrying value.

(vii) Share-based payment transactions

The fair value of
employee stock options is measured using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model. Measurement inputs include share price on grant
date, exercise price of the instrument, expected volatility (based on weighted average historical volatility), expected life of
the instrument (based on historical experience), expected dividends, and the risk free interest rate (based on government bonds).

155

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

5. Segment reporting

The Chief Operating
Decision Maker (“CODM”) evaluates the Company’s performance and allocates resources based on an analysis of various
performance indicators by operating segments. The CODM reviews revenue and gross profit as the performance indicator for all of
the operating segments, and does not review the total assets and liabilities of an operating segment. The Co-Chairman and Managing
Director is the CODM of the Company.

The Company’s
reportable operating segments are as follows:

•   Global Generics;

•   Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (“PSAI”);

•   Proprietary Products; and

•   Others.

Global Generics.

This segment consists of the Company’s business of manufacturing and marketing prescription and over-the-counter finished
pharmaceutical products ready for consumption by the patient, marketed under a brand name (branded formulations) or as generic
finished dosages with therapeutic equivalence to branded formulations (generics). This segment includes the operations of the Company’s
biologics business.

Pharmaceutical
Services and Active Ingredients
. This segment primarily consists of the Company’s business of manufacturing and marketing
active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, also known as “API”, which are the principal ingredients for finished
pharmaceutical products. Active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates become finished pharmaceutical products when the dosages
are fixed in a form ready for human consumption such as a tablet, capsule or liquid using additional inactive ingredients. This
segment also includes the Company’s contract research services business and the manufacture and sale of active pharmaceutical
ingredients and steroids in accordance with the specific customer requirements.

Proprietary Products.

This segment consists of the Company’s business that focuses on the research and development of differentiated formulations.
The segment is expected to earn revenues arising out of monetization of such assets and subsequent royalties, if any.

Others.
This
segment consists of the operations of the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited (“ADTL”),
a discovery stage biotechnology company developing novel and best-in-class therapies in the fields of oncology and inflammation.
ADTL works with established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies through customized models of drug-discovery collaborations.

The measurement of
each segment’s revenues, expenses and assets is consistent with the accounting policies that are used in preparation of the
Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Segment
    information:   For
                                         the Year Ended March 31,
Reportable
    segments   Global
                                         Generics   PSAI   Proprietary
                                         Products
2020   2019   2018   2020   2019   2018   2020   2019   2018
Revenues (1)
    (2)   Rs.   138,123   Rs.   122,903   Rs.   114,014   Rs.   25,747   Rs.   24,140   Rs.   21,992   Rs.   7,949   Rs.   4,750   Rs.   4,245
Gross
    profit   Rs.   78,449   Rs.   71,924   Rs.   67,190   Rs.   6,190   Rs.   6 ,128   Rs.   4,446   Rs.   7,744   Rs.   4,182   Rs.   3,799
Selling, general and
    administrative expenses
Research and development
    expenses
Impairment of non-current
    assets
Other income, net
Results
    from operating activities
Finance income, net
Share of profit of equity
    accounted investees, net of tax
Profit
    before tax
Tax
                                 (expense)/benefit, net
Profit
    for the year

[Continued on next page]

156

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

5. Segment reporting (continued)

[Continued from above table, first column repeated]

Segment
    information:   For
    the Year Ended March 31,
Reportable
    segments   Others   Total
2020   2019   2018   2020   2019   2018
Revenues (1)
    (2)   Rs.   2,781   Rs.   2,058   Rs.   1,777   Rs.   174,600   Rs.   153,851   Rs.   142,028
Gross
    profit   Rs.   1,626   Rs.   1,196   Rs.   869   Rs.   94,009   Rs.   83,430   Rs.   76,304
Selling,
    general and administrative expenses   50,129   48,714   46,858
Research and development
    expenses   15,410   15,573   18,265
Impairment of non-current
    assets   16,767   210   52
Other
    income, net   (4,290   )   (1,955   )   (788   )
Results
    from operating activities   Rs.   15,993   Rs.   20,888   Rs.   11,917
Finance income, net   1,478   1,117   2,080
Share
    of profit of equity accounted investees, net of tax   561   438   344
Profit
    before tax   Rs.   18,032   Rs.   22,443   Rs.   14,341
Tax
    (expense)/benefit, net   1,466   (3,648   )   (4,535   )
Profit
    for the year   Rs.   19,498   Rs.   18,795   Rs.   9,806

(1)   Revenues for the year ended March 31, 2020 do not include
inter-segment revenues from the PSAI segment to the Global Generics segment, which amount to Rs.5,910 (as compared to Rs.5,785
and Rs.5,492 for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively).

(2)   Effective July 1, 2017, Goods and Services Tax (“GST”)
was introduced in India replacing the excise duty and various other taxes. Following the principles of IFRS 15, “Revenue
from Contracts with Customers”, revenue from operations are disclosed net of GST. For periods prior to July 1, 2017, the
excise duty amount was recorded as part of revenues with a corresponding amount recorded in the cost of revenues. Accordingly,
revenues and cost of revenues for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 are not comparable with those of the previous year presented.

Tabulated below are the details
of excise duty included in revenues:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Excise duty included in revenues   -   -   Rs.   173

Analysis of revenues by geography:

The following table shows the distribution
of the Company’s revenues by country, based on the location of the customers:

For
    the Year Ended March 31,
Country   2020   2019   2018
India   Rs.   32,089   Rs.   28,804   Rs.   25,209
United
    States   76,028   69,299   68,124
Russia   16,900   15,299   12,610
Others   49,583   40,449   36,085
Rs.   174,600   Rs.   153,851   Rs.   142,028

Analysis of revenues within the Global Generics segment:

An analysis of revenues by therapeutic areas in the Company’s
Global Generics segment is given below:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Nervous System   Rs.   26,825   Rs.   19,726   Rs.   17,347
Gastrointestinal   19,394   19,250   19,153
Oncology   18,245   18,357   16,999
Cardiovascular   14,729   15,106   16,501
Pain Management   13,808   13,806   12,898
Respiratory   10,433   8,130   6,205
Anti-Infective   9,402   7,073   6,557
Others   25,287   21,455   18,354
Total   Rs.   138,123   Rs.   122,903   Rs.   114,014

157

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

5. Segment reporting (continued)

Analysis of revenues within the PSAI
segment:

An analysis of revenues by therapeutic areas
in the Company’s PSAI segment is given below:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Cardiovascular   Rs.   8,567   Rs.   7,019   Rs.   6,191
Pain Management   5,073   3,364   3,228
Nervous System   2,797   2,741   2,331
Oncology   1,798   2,212   1,650
Dermatology   1,370   1,622   1,606
Anti-Infective   1,097   1,247   1,968
Others   5,045   5,935   5,018
Total   Rs.   25,747   Rs.   24,140   Rs.   21,992

Analysis of assets by geography:

The
following table shows the distribution of the Company’s non-current assets (other than financial instruments and deferred
tax assets) by country, based on the location of assets:

As
    of March 31,
Country   2020   2019
India   Rs.   55,083   Rs.   57,205
Switzerland   18,204   33,536
United States   7,065   7,013
Germany   1,435   2,103
Others   5,010   5,241
Rs.   86,797   Rs.   105,098

The
following table shows the distribution of the Company’s property, plant and equipment including capital work in progress
and intangible assets acquired during the year (other than goodwill arising on business combination) by country, based on the location
of assets:

For
    the Year Ended March 31,
Country   2020   2019
India   Rs.   5,519   Rs.   5,341
Switzerland   1,025   1,112
United States   241   206
Others   688   787
Rs.   7,473   Rs.   7,446

Analysis of depreciation and amortization,
included in cost of revenues, by reportable segments:

For
    the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Global Generics   Rs.   3,666   Rs.   3,791   Rs.   3,606
PSAI   2,804   2,906   2,923
Proprietary Products   -   -   -
Others   71   71   66
Rs.   6,541   Rs.   6,768   Rs.   6,595

Information
about major customers

Revenues from two
customers of the Company's Global Generics segment were Rs.14,164 and Rs.9,267, representing approximately 8% and 5%, respectively,
of the Company’s total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2020.

Revenues from two
customers of the Company's Global Generics segment were Rs.10,639 and Rs.10,024, each representing approximately 7% of the Company’s
total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Revenues from two
customers of the Company's Global Generics segment were Rs.13,486 and Rs.10,755, representing approximately 9% and 8%, respectively,
of the Company’s total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2018.

158

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

6. Cash and cash
equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:

As
    of March 31,
2020   2019
Cash
    on hand   Rs.   2   Rs.   2
Balances
    with banks   1,807   2,102
Term
    deposits with banks (original maturities less than 3 months)   244   124
Cash
    and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position   Rs.   2,053   Rs.   2,228
Bank
    overdrafts used for cash management purposes   91   -
Cash
    and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flow   Rs.   1962   Rs.   2,228
Restricted
    cash balances included above
Balance
    in unclaimed dividend and debenture interest account   Rs.   111   Rs.   112
Other
    restricted cash balances   15   12

7.  Other investments

Other investments
consist of investments in units of mutual funds, equity securities, bonds, market linked debentures, commercial paper and term
deposits with banks (i.e., certificates of deposit having an original maturity period exceeding 3 months). The details of such
investments as of March 31, 2020 and 2019 are as follows:

As
    of March 31, 2020   As
    of March 31, 2019
Cost   Unrealized gain/(loss)   Fair
                                         value/ amortized cost (2)   Cost   Unrealized gain/(loss)   Fair
                                         value/ amortized cost (2)
Current portion
In units of mutual funds   Rs.   13,686   Rs.   146   Rs.   13,832   Rs.   15,933   Rs.   307   Rs.   16,240
In bonds   1,851   -   1,851   5,272   -   5,272
In commercial paper   967   -   967   459   -   459
In market linked debentures   2,000   (7   )   1,993   -   -   -
Term deposits with
    banks   5,044   -   5,044   558   -   558
Rs.   23,548   Rs.   139   Rs.   23,687   Rs.   22,222   Rs.   307   Rs.   22,529
Non-current portion
In equity securities (1)   Rs.   2,701   Rs.   (2,397   )   Rs.   304   Rs.   2,703   Rs.   (1,911   )   Rs.   792
Others   24   -   24   21   -   21
Rs.   2,725   Rs.   (2,397   )   Rs.   328   Rs.   2,724   Rs.   (1,911   )   Rs.   813

(1)   Primarily represents the shares of Curis, Inc. Refer
to Note 33 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

(2)   Interest accrued but not due on bonds and debentures,
commercial paper and term deposits with banks is included in other current assets.

For the purpose of measurement, the aforesaid investments are
classified as follows:

Investments in units of mutual funds   Fair value through profit and loss
Investments in bonds, commercial paper, term deposits and others   Amortized cost
Investments in market linked debentures   Fair value through other comprehensive income
Investments in equity securities   Fair value through other comprehensive income (on account of irrevocable option elected at time of transition)

8.   Trade and other
receivables

As
    of March 31,
2020   2019
Current
Trade and other receivables,
    gross   Rs.   51,480   Rs.   41,041
Less:
    Allowance for credit losses   (1,202   )   (1,172   )
Trade
    and other receivables, net   Rs.   50,278   Rs.   39,869
Non-current
Trade and other receivables,
    gross (1)   Rs.   1,737   Rs.   113
Less:
    Allowance for credit losses   -   -
Trade
    and other receivables, net   Rs.   1,737   Rs.   113

(1)   Represents amounts receivable pursuant to an out-licensing
arrangement with a customer. As these amounts are not expected to be realized within twelve months from the end of the reporting
date, they are disclosed as non-current.

159

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

8. Trade and other receivables (continued)

During the year ended March 31, 2019, the Company entered into
an arrangement with a bank for the sale of its trade receivables. Under the arrangement, the Company sells to the bank certain
of its trade receivables forming part of its Global Generics segment, on a non-recourse basis. The receivables sold were mutually
agreed upon with the bank after considering the creditworthiness and contractual terms with the customer, including any gross to
net adjustments (due to rebates, discounts etc.) from the contracted amounts. As a result, the receivables sold are generally lower
than the total net amount of trade receivables. The Company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
of such receivables sold to the bank, and accordingly, the same are derecognized in the statement of financial position. As on
March 31, 2020 and 2019, the amount of trade receivables de-recognized pursuant to the aforesaid arrangement was Rs.9,049 (U.S.$120)
and Rs.7,592 (U.S.$110), respectively.

In
accordance with IFRS 9, the Company uses the expected credit loss (“ECL”) model for measurement and recognition of
impairment loss on its trade receivables or any contractual right to receive cash or another financial asset that result from transactions
that are within the scope of IFRS 15. For this purpose, the Company uses a provision matrix to compute the expected credit loss
amount for trade receivables. The provision matrix takes into account external and internal credit risk factors and historical
data of credit losses from various customers.

The
details of changes in allowance for credit losses during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, are as follows:

For
    the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019
Balance at the beginning
    of the year   Rs.   1,172   Rs.   952
Adjustment
    on account of transition to IFRS 9   -   89
Adjusted
    balance at the beginning of the year   Rs.   1,172   Rs.   1,041
Provision made during
    the year, net of reversals   154   371
Trade
    and other receivables written off & exchange differences   (124   )   (240   )
Balance
    at the end of the year   Rs.   1,202   Rs.   1,172

9.   Inventories

Inventories consist of the following:

As
    of March 31,
2020   2019
Raw materials   Rs.   10,594   Rs.   8,920
Work-in-progress   6,806   7,201
Finished goods (includes
    stock-in-trade)   15,126   14,969
Packing
    materials, stores and spares   2,540   2,489
Rs.   35,066   Rs.   33,579

Details of inventories recognized in the
consolidated income statement are as follows:

For
    the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Raw materials, consumables
    and changes in finished goods and work in progress   Rs.   51,892   Rs.   40,932   Rs.   32,410
Inventory write-downs (1)   3,652   4,016   2,946

(1)   Following the Company’s decision to voluntarily recall all of its ranitidine medications
sold in United States, due to confirmed contamination with N-Nitrosodimethylamine (“NDMA”) above levels established
by the U.S. FDA, the Company recognized Rs.373 as inventory write downs of ranitidine during the year ended March 31, 2020. Furthermore,
an amount of Rs.239 was recognized (as a reduction from revenue) as a provision for refund liabilities arising out of the Company’s
recall decision.

10. Other assets

Other assets consist of the following:

As
    of March 31,
2020   2019
Current
Balances and receivables
    from statutory authorities (1)   Rs.   4,445   Rs.   4,398
Export
    benefits receivable (2)   2,652   2,363
Prepaid expenses   950   951
Others (3)   5,755   4,824
Rs.   13,802   Rs.   12,536
Non-current
Security deposits   Rs.   613   Rs.   562
Others   231   384
Rs.   844   Rs.   946

160

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

10. Other assets (continued)

(1)   Balances and receivables from statutory authorities primarily consist
of amounts recoverable towards the goods and service tax (“GST”), excise duty and value added tax, and from customs
authorities of India.

(2)   Export benefits receivables primarily consist of amounts receivable from various government authorities
of India towards incentives on export sales made by the Company.

(3)   Others primarily includes advances given to vendors and employees, security deposits, interest
accrued but not due on investments, and claims receivable.

11.  Property,
plant and equipment

The following is a summary of the changes in carrying value
of property, plant and equipment.

Particulars   Land   Buildings   Plant and equipment   Furniture, fixtures and office equipment   Vehicles   Total
Gross carrying value
Balance as at April 1, 2018   Rs.   4,216   Rs.   22,441   Rs.   67,215   Rs.   5,544   Rs.   770   Rs.   100,186
Additions   3   1,476   6,002   707   125   8,313
Disposals (1) (2)   (51   )   (892   )   (2,444   )   (541   )   (120   )   (4,048   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   24   81   167   7   -   279
Balance as at March 31, 2019   Rs.   4,192   Rs.   23,106   Rs.   70,940   Rs.   5,717   Rs.   775   Rs.   104,730
Balance as at April 1, 2019   Rs.   4,192   Rs.   23,106   Rs.   70,940   Rs.   5,717   Rs.   775   Rs.   104,730
Recognition of right of use asset on initial application of IFRS 16   -   723   2   28   400   1,153
Adjusted balance as at April 1, 2019   Rs.   4,192   Rs.   23,829   Rs.   70,942   Rs.   5,745   Rs.   1,175   Rs.   105,883
Additions   4   997   4,278   497   295   6,071
Disposals   -   (55   )   (706   )   (253   )   (179   )   (1,193   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   (73   )   185   353   (24   )   (80   )   361
Balance as at March 31, 2020   Rs.   4,123   Rs.   24,956   Rs.   74,867   Rs.   5,965   Rs.   1,211   Rs.   111,122
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at April 1, 2018   Rs.   38   Rs.   6,343   Rs.   38,985   Rs.   4,505   Rs.   374   Rs.   50,245
Depreciation for the year   -   1,040   6,538   614   170   8,362
Impairment   12   59   17   1   -   89
Disposals (1)(2)   (50   )   (612   )   (1,945   )   (523   )   (102   )   (3,232   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   -   43   47   6   -   96
Balance as at March 31, 2019   Rs.   -   Rs.   6,873   Rs.   43,642   Rs.   4,603   Rs.   442   Rs.   55,560
Balance as at April 1, 2019   Rs.   -   Rs.   6,873   Rs.   43,642   Rs.   4,603   Rs.   442   Rs.   55,560
Depreciation for the year   -   1,306   6,404   562   368   8,640
Impairment   -   -   -   -   -   -
Disposals   -   (36   )   (667   )   (251   )   (158   )   (1,112   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   -   65   223   (11   )   (54   )   223
Balance as at March 31, 2020   Rs.   -   Rs.   8,208   Rs.   49,602   Rs.   4,903   Rs.   598   Rs.   63,311
Net carrying value
As at April 1, 2018   Rs.   4,178   Rs.   16,098   Rs.   28,230   Rs.   1,039   Rs.   396   Rs.   49,941
As at March 31, 2019   Rs.   4,192   Rs.   16,233   Rs.   27,298   Rs.   1,114   Rs.   333   Rs.   49,170
Add: Capital-work-in-progress   Rs.   4,918
Total as at March 31, 2019   Rs.   54,088
As at March 31, 2020   Rs.   4,123   Rs.   16,748   Rs.   25,265   Rs.   1,062   Rs.   613   Rs.   47,811
Add: Capital-work-in-progress   Rs.   4,521
Total as at March 31, 2020   Rs.   52,332

161

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

11. Property, plant and equipment (continued)

(1)   Consequent to the Company’s plan to dispose of certain non-current assets, these assets
                                                                         were measured at the lower of their carrying value and their fair value less costs to sell, and Rs.94 had been recognized as
                                                                         impairment loss for the three months ended June 30, 2018.

During the three months ended September
30, 2018, the closing conditions were satisfied and the Company sold all of the issued and outstanding membership interests in
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Tennessee, LLC and certain related assets. The sale resulted in a gain on disposal of Rs.110, which
was recognized in the income statements under the heading “Other income, net” as gain on disposal of assets. The gain
on disposal includes Rs.113 of foreign currency translation reserve reclassified to the income statements on disposal of foreign
operations.

(2)   During the three months ended December 31, 2018, the Company sold one of its API manufacturing
business units located in Jeedimetla, Hyderabad to Therapiva Private Limited. This sale was done on a slump sale basis (an Indian
tax law concept which refers to the transfer of a business as a going concern without values being assigned to individual assets
and liabilities), including all related property, plant and equipment, current assets, current liabilities, and transfer of employees.
An amount of Rs.423 representing the profit on the sale of such business unit was included under the heading “Other income,
net”.

Capital commitments

As of March 31, 2020
and 2019, the Company was committed to spend Rs.4,888 and Rs.2,495, respectively, under agreements to purchase property, plant
and equipment. This amount is net of capital advances paid in respect of such purchase commitments.

Interest capitalization

During the years ended
March 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company capitalized interest cost of Rs.52 and Rs.74, respectively, with respect to qualifying assets.
The rate for capitalization of interest cost for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was approximately 4.22% and 3.21%, respectively.

Assets acquired under finance leases

Property, plant and
equipment includes Rs.463 of assets acquired (net of accumulated depreciation) under finance leases as of March 31, 2019.

Leases

The Company has lease
contracts for various items of plant and equipment, vehicles and other equipment used in its operations. Below are the carrying
amounts of right-of-use assets recognized and the movements during the year.

Particulars   Land   Buildings   Plant and equipment   Furniture, fixtures and office equipment   Vehicles   Total
Gross carrying value
Balance as at April 1, 2019   Rs.   73   Rs.   840   Rs.   12   Rs.   -   Rs.   37   Rs.   962
Recognition of right of use asset on initial application of IFRS 16   -   723   2   28   400   1,153
Adjusted balance as at April 1, 2019   Rs.   73   Rs.   1,563   Rs.   14   Rs.   28   Rs.   437   Rs.   2,115
Additions   -   87   3   17   146   253
Disposals   -   (1   )   -   -   (56   )   (57   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   5   39   1   -   3   48
Balance as at March 31, 2020   Rs.   78   Rs.   1,688   Rs.   18   Rs.   45   Rs.   530   Rs.   2,359
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at April 1, 2019   Rs.   -   Rs.   454   Rs.   12   Rs.   -   Rs.   33   Rs.   499
Depreciation for the year   -   267   1   13   210   491
Disposals   -   (1   )   -   -   (41   )   (42   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   -   24   1   -   (3   )   22
Balance as at March 31, 2020   Rs.   -   Rs.   744   Rs.   14   Rs.   13   Rs.   199   Rs.   970
Net carrying value
As at March 31, 2020   Rs.   78   Rs.   944   Rs.   4   Rs.   32   Rs.   331   Rs.   1,389

162

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

11. Property, plant and equipment (continued)

The following are
the amounts recognized in income statement:

For
                                         the Year Ended
                                         March 31,
2020
Depreciation expense of right-of-use
    assets   Rs.   491
Interest expense on lease
    liabilities   230

The Company had total
cash outflows for leases of Rs.972 during the year ended March 31, 2020. The maturity analysis of lease liabilities are disclosed
in Note 16 of these consolidated financial statements.

12.  Goodwill

Goodwill arising upon
business combinations is not amortized but tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if there is any indication
that the cash generating unit to which goodwill is allocated is impaired.

The following table
presents the changes in goodwill during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019:

As
    of March 31,
2020   2019
Opening balance, gross   Rs.   20,176   Rs.   20,219
Effect of translation adjustments   102   (43   )
Impairment loss (1)   (16,284   )   (16,274   )
Closing balance   Rs.   3,994   Rs.   3,902

(1)   The impairment loss of Rs.16,284 includes Rs.16,003 pertaining to the Company’s German subsidiary,
betapharm Arzneimittel GmbH, which is part of the Company’s Global Generics segment. This impairment loss was recorded for
the years ended March 31, 2009 and 2010.

For the purpose of
impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to a cash generating unit, representing the lowest level within the Company at which
goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and which is not higher than the Company’s operating segment.

The carrying amount
of goodwill (other than those arising upon investment in a joint venture) was allocated to the cash generating units as follows:

As
    of March 31,
2020   2019
PSAI-Active Pharmaceutical Operations   Rs.   997   Rs.   997
Global Generics-Complex
    Injectables   1,372   1,287
Global Generics-North America Operations   1,021   1,005
Global Generics-Branded Formulations   491   491
Others   113   122
Rs.   3,994   Rs.   3,902

The recoverable amounts
of the above cash generating units have been assessed using a value-in-use model. Value in use is generally calculated as the net
present value of the projected post-tax cash flows plus a terminal value of the cash generating unit to which the goodwill is allocated.
Initially, a post-tax discount rate is applied to calculate the net present value of the post-tax cash flows. Key assumptions upon
which the Company has based its determinations of value-in-use include:

a)   Estimated cash flows for five years, based on management’s projections.

b)   A terminal value arrived at by extrapolating the last forecasted year cash flows to perpetuity,
using a constant long-term growth rate of 0%. This long-term growth rate takes into consideration external macroeconomic sources
of data. Such long-term growth rate considered does not exceed that of the relevant business and industry sector.

c)   The after tax discount rates used are based on the Company’s weighted average cost of capital.

d)   The after tax discount rates used range from 6.34% to 14.00% for various cash generating units.
The pre-tax discount rates range from 8.80% to 18.12%.

The Company believes
that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which a recoverable amount is based would not cause the aggregate
carrying amount to exceed the aggregate recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit.

163

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

13. Other intangible
assets

The following is a summary of changes in
the carrying value of intangible assets:

Product related intangibles   Customer related intangibles   Others   Total
Gross carrying value
Balance as at April 1, 2018   Rs.   82,187   Rs.   357   Rs.   2,997   Rs.   85,541
Additions   1,542   -   602   2,144
Disposals/De-recognitions (1)   (3,219   )   (357   )   -   (3,576   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   1,461   -   1   1,462
Balance as at March 31, 2019   Rs.   81,971   Rs.   -   Rs.   3,600   Rs.   85,571
Balance as at April 1, 2019   Rs.   81,971   Rs.   -   Rs.   3,600   Rs.   85,571
Additions   1,641   -   165   1,806
Disposals/De-recognitions   (814   )   -   (1   )   (815   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   4,532   -   2   4,534
Balance as at March 31, 2020   Rs.   87,330   Rs.   -   Rs.   3,766   Rs.   91,096
Amortization/impairment loss
Balance as at April 1, 2018   Rs.   39,289   Rs.   357   Rs.   1,230   Rs.   40,876
Amortization for the year   3,432   -   396   3,828
Impairment loss   116   -   -   116
Disposals/De-recognitions (1)   (2,815   )   (357   )   -   (3,172   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   (445   )   -   1   (444   )
Balance as at March 31, 2019   Rs.   39,577   Rs.   -   Rs.   1,627   Rs.   41,204
Balance as at April 1, 2019   Rs.   39,577   Rs.   -   Rs.   1,627   Rs.   41,204
Amortization for the year   3,554   -   278   3,832
Impairment loss   16,757   -   -   16,757
Disposals/De-recognitions   (749   )   -   (1   )   (750   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   2,392   -   2   2,394
Balance as at March 31, 2020   Rs.   61,531   Rs.   -   Rs.   1,906   Rs.   63,437
Net carrying value
As at April 1, 2018   Rs.   42,898   Rs.   -   Rs.   1,767   Rs.   44,665
As at March 31, 2019   Rs.   42,394   Rs.   -   Rs.   1,973   Rs.   44,367
As at March 31, 2020   Rs.   25,799   Rs.   -   Rs.   1,860   Rs.   27,659

(1)   Gain on disposal of assets for the year ended March 31, 2019 includes an amount of Rs.682 representing
the profit on sale of intangible assets forming part of the Company’s Proprietary Products segment.

Details of significant separately acquired
intangible assets as at March 31, 2020 are as follows:

Particulars of the asset   Acquired from   Carrying cost
ANDAs   Teva and an affiliate of Allergan   Rs.   9,813
Select portfolio of dermatology, respiratory and pediatric assets   UCB India Private Limited and affiliates   5,072
Intellectual property rights relating to PPC-06 (tepilamide fumarate)   Xenoport, Inc   4,019
Habitrol ® brand   Novartis Consumer Health Inc.   1,936
Commercialization rights for an anti-cancer biologic agent   Eisai Company Limited   1,838
Over the counter product brands   Ducere Pharma LLC   731
Beta brand   3i Group plc   578
Various ANDAs   Gland Pharma Limited   284

Interest capitalization

During the years ended
March 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company capitalized interest cost of Rs.674 and Rs.655, respectively, with respect to certain qualifying
assets. The rate for capitalization of interest cost for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 ranged from 2.04% to 4.60% and
from 1.98% to 4.12%, respectively.

164

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

13. Other intangible assets (continued)

In-process research
and development assets (“IPR&D”)

Tabulated below is
the reconciliation of amounts relating to in-process research and development assets as at the beginning and at the end of the
year:

As
    of March 31,
2020   2019
Opening balance   Rs.   24,610   Rs.   27,027
Add : Additions during the year (1)   950   1,171
Less : Capitalizations during the year (2)   (2,530   )   (5,445   )
Less: Impairments
    during the year   (13,379   )   -
Effect of changes
    in exchange rates   1,336   1,857
Closing balance   Rs.   10,987   Rs.   24,610

(1)   During the year ended March 31, 2020, the Company acquired
a portfolio of approved, non-marketed Abbreviated New Drug Applications (“ANDAs”) in the United States from Teva for
a total consideration of Rs.277 (U.S.$4). The Company recognized these ANDAs acquired as product related intangibles.

(2)   During the year ended March 31, 2020, the products ramelton
was available for use and are subject to amortization. Accordingly, the Company reclassified the amount from IPR&D to product
related intangibles.

During the year ended March 31, 2019, the
products buprenorphine and naloxone sublingual film and tobramycin were available for use and are subject to amortization. Accordingly,
the Company reclassified the amount from IPR&D to product related intangibles.

Impairment losses
recorded for the year ended March 31, 2020

Total impairment charges for the year ended March 31, 2020 were
Rs.16,757 which were recorded in impairment of non-current assets in the consolidated income statement, of which Rs.11,137 was
attributable to impairment of gNuvaring and the balance of Rs.5,620 was attributable to other product related intangibles.

Impairment of gNuvaring

During the year ended
March 31, 2020, there were significant changes to the generics market for Ethinyl estradiol / Ethenogestral vaginal ring (a generic
equivalent to Nuvaring®), one of the 8 ANDAs acquired from Teva in June 2016. The changes include the launches by competitors
of both generic and authorized generic versions of the product in December 2019. Due to these adverse market developments, as at
December 31, 2019, the Company tested the carrying value of this product at the product cash generating unit (“CGU”)
level, being the smallest identifiable group of assets that generate cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows
from other assets or groups of assets. The recoverable amount was determined by reference to the product’s value-in-use or
fair value less costs to sell, whichever is higher. This resulted in the value-in-use being the recoverable value of the product.
Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment loss of Rs.11,137 (U.S.$156.5) for the year ended March 31, 2020. This impairment
loss pertained to the Company’s Global Generics segment.

The carrying value of the asset after the impairment was Rs.3,269
(U.S.$43.2).

The Company used
the discounted cash flow approach to calculate the value in use, with the assistance of independent appraisers. The key assumptions
considered in the calculation are as follows:

a.   Weighted average of probability adjusted revenue projections, which take into consideration different
scenarios such as the base case, the upside case and the downside case;

b.   Rate of generic penetration and estimated price erosion throughout the period;

c.   Estimate of useful life over which the product is expected to generate cash flows; and

d.   the net cash flows have been discounted based on a post-tax discounting tax rate of 8%.

Other intangible assets

In June 2019, the Company launched tobramycin inhalation solution,
USP, a therapeutic equivalent generic version of TOBI® (tobramycin) Inhalation Solution, and in July 2019 the Company launched
ramelteon tablets, 8 mg, a therapeutically equivalent generic version of Rozerem® (ramelteon, 8 mg) Tablets. Subsequent to
their respective launches, both products experienced adverse market conditions, such as increased competition and reduced selling
prices by competitors. As a result, the performance of the products was significantly lower than the Company’s prior estimates.
Furthermore, the Company decided to drop the launch of its planned imiquimod cream product. Accordingly, the Company assessed the
recoverable amount of intangible assets associated with these three products, and recognized an impairment loss of Rs.4,385 (U.S.$61.4)
for the year ended March 31, 2020. These impairment losses pertained to the Company’s Global Generics segment.

165

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

13. Other intangible assets (continued)

In view of the specific
triggers occurring in the year with respect to some other product related intangible assets forming part of the Company's Global
Generics and Proprietary Products segments, the Company determined that there was a decrease in the market potential of these products
primarily due to higher than expected price erosion and increased competition leading to lower volumes. Consequently, the Company
recorded an amount of Rs.1,235 as impairment loss for the year ended March 31, 2020.

Impairment losses recorded for the year
ended March 31, 2019

As a result of the
Company’s decision to discontinue a few products pertaining to its Global Generics segment, product related intangibles of
Rs.82 and Rs.34 were recorded as impairment loss for the year ended March 31, 2019 in the consolidated income statement.

Impairment losses recorded for the year
ended March 31, 2018

As a result of the
Company’s decision to discontinue a few products pertaining to its Global Generics segment, product related intangibles of
Rs.20 and Rs.33 were recorded as impairment loss for the year ended March 31, 2018 in the consolidated income statement.

Consequent to the
materiality of the amount involved, these impairment amounts have been disclosed separately in the consolidated income statements.

14.
Investment in equity accounted investees

As
    at March 31,
2020   2019
Equity shares held in Kunshan Rotam
    Reddy Pharmaceutical Company Limited, China   Rs.   2,714   Rs.   2,464
Equity
    shares held in DRES Energy Private Limited, India   49   65
Rs.   2,763   Rs.   2,529

Details of the Company’s investment
in Kunshan Rotam Reddy Pharmaceuticals Company Limited:

Kunshan Rotam Reddy
Pharmaceuticals Company Limited (“Reddy Kunshan”) is engaged in manufacturing and marketing of finished dosages in
China. The Company’s interest in Reddy Kunshan was 51.3% as of March 31, 2020 and 2019. Four directors of the Company are
on the board of Reddy Kunshan, which consists of eight directors. Under the terms of the joint venture agreement, all major decisions
with respect to operating activities, significant financing and other activities are taken by the approval of at least five of
the eight directors of Reddy Kunshan’s board. As the Company does not control Reddy Kunshan’s board and the other partners
have significant participation rights, the Company’s interest in Reddy Kunshan has been accounted for under the equity method
of accounting.

Summary financial
information of Reddy Kunshan, as translated into the reporting currency of the Company and not adjusted for the percentage ownership
held by the Company, is as follows:

As
    of/for the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Ownership   51.3   %   51.3   %   51.3   %
Total current assets   Rs.   6,925   Rs.   6,195   Rs.   4,933
Total non-current
    assets   732   374   347
Total
    assets   Rs.   7,657   Rs.   6,569   Rs.   5,280
Equity   Rs.   4,931   Rs.   4,448   Rs.   3,600
Total current liabilities   2,726   2,121   1,680
Total
    equity and liabilities   Rs.   7,657   Rs.   6,569   Rs.   5,280
Revenues   Rs.   7,679   Rs.   7,436   Rs.   5,482
Expenses   6,554   6,558   4,792
Profit
    for the year   Rs.   1,125   Rs.   878   Rs.   690
Company’s share of profits for
    the year   Rs.   577   Rs.   449   Rs.   354
Carrying value of the Company’s investment (1)   Rs.   2,714   Rs.   2,464   Rs.   2,029
Translation adjustment arising out of
    translation of foreign currency balances   Rs.   306   Rs.   241   Rs.   255

(1)   Includes Rs.181 representing the goodwill on acquisition of investment.

During the year ended
March 31 2020, the Company recognized an amount of Rs.392, representing its share of dividend declared by the equity accounted
investee, Reddy Kunshan. The amount of dividend is adjusted against the carrying amount of investment in the consolidated statement
of financial position.

Details of the Company’s investment
in DRES Energy Private Limited:

As of/for the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Carrying value of the Company’s investment   Rs.   49   Rs.   65   Rs.   75
Company’s share of profits for the year   (16   )   (11   )   (10   )

166

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

15.

Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables consist of the following:

As
    at March 31,
2020   2019
Trade payables   Rs.   10,745   Rs.   10,296
Due to creditors for expenses   4,503   3,375
Due to capital
    creditors   1,411   882
Rs.   16,659   Rs.   14,553

For details regarding
the Company’s exposure to currency and liquidity risks, see Note 31 of these consolidated financial statements under “Liquidity
risk”.

16.

Loans and borrowings

Short-term borrowings

Short-term borrowings primarily consist of “pre-shipment
credit” drawn by the parent company and other unsecured loans drawn by certain of its subsidiaries in Switzerland, the United
States, Russia, Mexico, South Africa and Brazil which are repayable within 6 to 12 months from the date of drawdown.

Short-term borrowings
consist of the following:

As at March 31,
2020   2019
Pre-shipment credit   Rs.   10,432   Rs.   5,463
Other working capital borrowings   6,009   6,662
Rs.   16,441   Rs.   12,125

The interest rate profile of short-term
borrowings from banks is given below:

As at March 31,
2020   2019
Currency (1)   Interest Rate (2)   Currency (1)   Interest Rate (2)
Pre-shipment credit   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 12.5  to 16 bps   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 25 to 40 bps
INR   1 Month T-bill + 60 bps   -   -
Other working capital borrowings   U.S.$   1Month/3 Months LIBOR + 55  to 78 bps   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 65 to 95 bps
RUB   7.05%   RUB   8.22%
ZAR   1Month JIBAR+120 bps   ZAR   1Month JIBAR+120 bps
MXN   TIIE + 1.25%   MXN   TIIE + 1.25%
INR   7.75%   -   -
BRL   7.25%   -   -
-   -   UAH   21.50%

(3)   “INR” means Indian rupees, “U.S.$” means United States Dollars, “RUB”
means Russian roubles, “MXN” means Mexican pesos, “UAH” means Ukrainian hryvnia, “BRL” means
Brazilian reals and “ZAR” means South African rand.

(4)   “LIBOR” means the London Inter-bank Offered Rate, “TIIE” means the Equilibrium
Inter-banking Interest Rate (Tasa de Interés Interbancaria de Equilibrio), “JIBAR” means the Johannesburg Interbank
Average Rate and “T-bill” means India Treasury Bill.

Long-term borrowings

Long-term borrowings consist of the following:

As
    of March 31, 2020   As
    of March 31, 2019
Non-current   Current   Non-current   Current
Foreign currency borrowing by the parent company   Rs.   -   Rs.   3,783   Rs.   3,454   Rs.   1,729
Foreign
    currency borrowing by the Swiss subsidiary (1)   -   -   15,819   1,383
Foreign currency borrowing
    by the German subsidiary (2)   -   -   2,175   1,087
Obligations under
    leases/finance leases   1,304   483   552   57
Rs.   1,304   Rs.   4,266   Rs.   22,000   Rs.   4,256

(1)   Swiss subsidiary refers to Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, SA

(2)   German subsidiary refers to Reddy Holding GmbH

167

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

16. Loans and borrowings (continued)

During
the year ended March 31, 2020, the Company repaid both the long-term borrowings of U.S.$250 in the Swiss subsidiary and EUR 42
in the German Subsidiary.

All
of the foregoing loan agreements impose various financial covenants on the Company. As of March 31, 2020, the Company was in compliance
with all such financial covenants.

The interest rate
profiles of long-term borrowings (other than obligations under leases/finance leases) as at March 31, 2020 and 2019 were as follows:

As at March 31,
2020   2019
Currency (1)   Interest Rate (2)   Currency (1)   Interest Rate (2)
Foreign currency borrowings   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 82.7 bps   U.S.$   1 Month LIBOR + 70 to 105 bps
-   -   EUR   0.81%

(1)   “U.S.$” means United States Dollars and “EUR” means Euros.

(2)   “LIBOR” means the London Inter-bank Offered Rate.

The aggregate maturities of long-term loans
and borrowings, based on contractual maturities, as of March 31, 2020 were as follows:

Maturing
                                         in the year ending March
                                         31, (1)   Foreign currency loan   Obligations under leases   Total
2021   Rs.   3,783   Rs.   483   Rs.   4,226
2022   -   359   359
2023   -   267   267
2024   -   249   249
2025   -   286   286
Thereafter   -   143   143
Rs.   3,783   Rs.   1,787   Rs.   5,570

(1)   Long-term debt obligations disclosed in the above table do not reflect any netting of transaction
costs amounting to Rs.0.

The aggregate maturities of long-term loans
and borrowings, based on contractual maturities, as of March 31, 2019 were as follows:

Maturing in the year ending March 31, (1)   Foreign currency loan   Obligations under finance leases   Total
2020   Rs.   4,199   Rs.   57   Rs.   4,256
2021   6,621   65   6,686
2022   1,087   66   1,153
2023   13,831   70   13,901
2024   -   63   63
Thereafter   -   288   288
Rs.   25,738   Rs.   609   Rs.   26,347

(1)   Long-term debt obligations disclosed in the above table do not reflect any netting of transaction
costs amounting to Rs.91.

Obligations under finance leases (as per IAS 17)

The Company has leased
buildings and vehicles under finance leases. Future minimum lease payments under finance leases as at March 31, 2019 were as follows:

Particulars   Present value of minimum lease payments   Interest   Future minimum lease payments
Not later than one year   Rs.   60   Rs.   49   Rs.   109
Between one and five years   264   127   391
More than five years   285   38   323
Rs.   609   Rs.   214   Rs.   823

168

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

16. Loans and borrowings (continued)

Uncommitted lines of credit from
banks

The Company had uncommitted
lines of credit of Rs.39,374 and Rs.47,134 as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, from its banks for working capital requirements.
The Company has the right to draw upon these lines of credit based on its working capital requirements.

Reconciliation
of liabilities arising from financing activities during the year ended March 31, 2020:

Particulars   Long-term borrowings (1)   Short-term borrowings   Total
Opening balance   Rs.   26,256   Rs.   12,125   Rs.   38,381
Recognition of right-of-use liability on initial application of IFRS 16   1,335   -   1,335
Recognition of right-of-use liability during the year   238   -   238
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities   (482   )   -   (482   )
Borrowings made during the year   -   29,831   29,831
Borrowings repaid during the year   (22,918   )   (25,596   )   (48,514   )
Currency translation adjustments   1,051   81   1,132
Others   90   -   90
Closing balance   Rs.   5,570   Rs.   16,441   Rs.   22,011

Reconciliation of liabilities arising
from financing activities during the year ended March 31, 2019:

Particulars   Long-term borrowings (1)   Short-term borrowings   Total
Opening balance   Rs.   25,152   Rs.   25,466   Rs.   50,618
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities   (56   )   -   (56   )
Borrowings made during the year   -   42,907   42,907
Borrowings repaid during the year   -   (58,033   )   (58,033   )
Currency translation adjustments   1,128   1,785   2,913
Others   32   -   32
Closing balance   Rs.   26,256   Rs.   12,125   Rs.   38,381

(1)   Includes current portion.

17.

Provisions

The details of changes in provisions during the year ended March
31, 2020 are as follows:

Particulars   Refund Liability (1)   Environmental liability (2)   Legal and others (3)   Total
Balance as at beginning of the year   Rs.   3,581   Rs.   52   Rs.   585   Rs.   4,218
Provision made during the year, net of reversals   2,675   -   (37   )   2,638
Provision used during the year   (3,224   )   -   -   (3,224   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   220   2   -   222
Balance as at end of the year   Rs.   3,252   Rs.   54   Rs.   548   Rs.   3,854
Current   Rs.   3,252   Rs.   -   Rs.   548   Rs.   3,800
Non-current   -   54   -   54
Rs.   3,252   Rs.   54   Rs.   588   Rs.   3,854

(1)   Refund liability is accounted for by recording a provision
based on the Company’s estimate of expected sales returns. See Note 3(l) of these consolidated financial statements for
the Company’s accounting policy on refund liability.

(2)   As a result of the acquisition of a unit of The Dow Chemical Company in April 2008, the Company
assumed a liability for contamination of the Mirfield site acquired of Rs.39 (carrying value Rs.54). The seller is required to
indemnify the Company for this liability. Accordingly, a corresponding asset has also been recorded in the consolidated statements
of financial position.

(3)   Primarily consists of provision recorded towards the potential liability arising out of a litigation
relating to cardiovascular and anti-diabetic formulations. Refer to Note 32 (Contingencies) of these consolidated financial statements
under “Product and patent related matters - Matters relating to National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority - Litigation relating
to Cardiovascular and Anti-diabetic formulations” for further details.

169

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

18.

Other liabilities

Other liabilities consist of the following:

As at March 31,
2020   2019
Current
Accrued expenses   Rs.   18,025   Rs.   15,178
Employee benefits payable   4,944   4,542
Statutory dues payable   980   722
Deferred revenue (1)   1,242   590
Advance from customers   668   761
Others   3,523   2,558
Rs.   29,382   Rs.   24,351
Non-current
Deferred revenue (1)   1,956   2,002
Others   850   866
Rs.   2,806   Rs.   2,868

(1)   Refer to Note 21 for details of deferred revenue.

19.

Share Capital

For the Year Ended March 31, 2020   For the Year Ended March 31, 2019
Number   Amount   Number   Amount
Authorized share capital   240,000,000   Rs.   1,200   240,000,000   Rs.   1,200
Fully paid up share capital
Opening number of equity shares/share capital   166,065,948   Rs.   830   165,910,907   Rs.   830
Add: Equity shares issued pursuant to employee stock option plan (1)   106,134   1   155,041   -   *
Closing number of equity shares/share capital   166,172,082   Rs.   831   166,065,948   Rs.   830
Treasury shares (2)   395,950   Rs.   1,006   217,976   Rs.   535

* Rounded off to nearest million.

(1)   During the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, equity shares were issued as a result of the exercise
of vested options granted to employees pursuant to the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2002 and the Dr. Reddy’s
Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2007. All of the options exercised had an exercise price of Rs.5, being equal to the par value of
the underlying shares. Upon the exercise of such options, the amount of compensation cost (computed using the grant date fair value)
previously recognized in the "share based payment reserve”was transferred to“share premium” in the consolidated
statements of changes in equity.

(2)   Pursuant to the special resolution approved by the shareholders in the Annual General Meeting
                                                                         held on July 27, 2018, the Dr. Reddy’s Employees ESOS Trust (the “ESOS Trust”) was formed to support the
                                                                         Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2018 by acquiring, from the Company or through secondary market
                                                                         acquisitions, equity shares which are used for issuance to eligible employees upon exercise of stock options thereunder.
                                                                         During the year ended March 31, 2020, an aggregate of 1,150 equity shares were issued as a result of the exercise of vested
                                                                         options granted to employees pursuant to the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2018. All of the options
                                                                         exercised had an exercise price of Rs.2,607 per share. Upon the exercise of such options, the amount of compensation cost
                                                                         (computed using the grant date fair value) previously recognized in the “share based payment reserve” was
                                                                         transferred to “share premium” in the consolidated statements of changes in equity.In addition, any difference
                                                                         between the carrying amount of treasury shares and the consideration received was recognized in the “share
                                                                         premium”. As at March 31, 2020 and 2019, the ESOS Trust had outstanding 395,950 and 217,976 shares, respectively, which
                                                                         it purchased from the secondary market for an aggregate consideration of Rs.1,006 and Rs.535, respectively. Refer to Note 28
                                                                         of these financial statements for further details on the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2018.

The Company has only
one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs.5 per share. For all matters submitted to vote in a shareholders meeting of
the Company, every holder of an equity share, as reflected in the records of the Company as on the record date set for the shareholders
meeting, shall have one vote in respect of each share held.

Should the Company
declare and pay any dividends, such dividends will be paid in Indian rupees to each holder of equity shares in proportion to the
number of shares held to the total equity shares outstanding as on that date. Indian law on foreign exchange governs the remittance
of dividends outside India.

170

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

19. Share Capital (continued)

In the event of liquidation
of the Company, all preferential amounts, if any, shall be discharged by the Company. The remaining assets of the Company shall
be distributed to the holders of equity shares in proportion to the number of shares held to the total equity shares outstanding
as on that date.

Final dividends on
equity shares (including dividend tax on distribution of such dividends, if any) are recorded as a liability on the date of their
approval by the shareholders and interim dividends are recorded as a liability on the date of declaration by the Company’s
Board of Directors. The details of dividends paid by the Company are as follows:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Dividend per share (in absolute Rs.)   Rs.   20   Rs.   20   Rs.   20
Dividend distribution tax on the dividend paid   602   682   675
Dividend paid during the year   3,314   3,320   3,317

Proposed dividend

At the Company’s Board of Directors’ meeting held
on May 20, 2020, the Board proposed a dividend of Rs.25 per share and aggregating to Rs.4,154, which is subject to the approval
of the Company’s shareholders.

20.

Earnings per share

The calculation of
basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 was based on the profit attributable to
equity shareholders of the Company, being Rs.19,498, Rs.18,795 and Rs.9,806, respectively.

The weighted average
number of equity shares outstanding, used for calculating the basic earnings per share, are as follows:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Number of equity shares at the beginning of the year (excluding treasury shares)   165,847,972   165,910,907   165,741,713
Effect of treasury shares held during the year   (154,020   )   (100,672   )   -
Effect of equity shares issued on exercise of stock options   64,432   103,801   103,695
Weighted average number of equity shares – Basic   165,758,384   165,914,036   165,845,408
Earnings per share of par value Rs.5 – Basic   Rs.   117.63   Rs.   113.28   Rs.   59.13

The weighted average number of equity shares
outstanding, used for calculating the diluted earnings per share, are as follows:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Weighted average number of equity shares – Basic   165,758,384   165,914,036   165,845,408
Dilutive effect of stock options outstanding (1)   323,601   278,718   340,144
Weighted average number of equity shares – Diluted   166,081,985   166,192,754   166,185,552
Earnings per share of par value Rs.5 – Diluted   Rs.   117.40   Rs.   113.09   Rs.   59.00

(1)   As at March 31, 2020 and 2019, 475,575 and 272,700 options, respectively, were excluded from the
diluted weighted average number of equity shares calculation because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. The average market
value of the Company’s shares for the purpose of calculating the dilutive effect of stock options was based on quoted market
prices for the year during which the options were outstanding.

171

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

21.

Revenue from contracts with customers and trade receivables

Revenue from contracts with customers:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Sales (1)   Rs.   163,574   Rs.   148,706   Rs.   138,022
Service income   2,409   2,129   1,534
License fees (2)(3)   8,617   3,016   2,472
Rs.   174,600   Rs.   153,851   Rs.   142,028
Excise duty included in revenues (1)   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   173

(1)   Effective July 1, 2017, Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) was introduced in India replacing
the excise duty and various other taxes. Following the principles of IFRS 15, “ Revenue from Contracts with Customers ”,
revenues are disclosed net of GST. For periods prior to July 1, 2017, the excise duty amount was recorded as part of revenues with
a corresponding amount recorded in the cost of revenues. Accordingly, revenues and cost of revenues for the years ended March 31,
2020 and 2019 are not comparable with those of the previous year presented.

(2)   During the year ended March 31, 2020, the Company entered into a definitive
agreement with Upsher-Smith Laboratories, LLC for the sale of its U.S. and select territory rights for ZEMBRACE ® SYMTOUCH ® (sumatriptan injection) 3 mg and TOSYMRA ® (sumatriptan nasal spray) 10 mg (formerly referred
to as “DFN-02”), which formed part of its Proprietary Products segment. License fees includes an amount of Rs.7,486
(U.S.$108.7) towards the aforesaid sale transaction. Refer to Note 37 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

(3)   License fees for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 primarily includes out-licensing
revenue from Encore Dermatology Inc. Refer to Note 36 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

Analysis of revenues by segments:

For the Year Ended March 31,
Segment   2020   2018   2017
Global Generics   Rs.   138,123   Rs.   122,903   Rs.   114,014
PSAI   25,747   24,140   21,992
Proprietary products   7,949   4,750   4,245
Others   2,781   2,058   1,777
Rs.   174,600   Rs.   153,851   Rs.   142,028

Analysis of revenues within the Global Generics segment:

An analysis of revenues by therapeutic
areas in the Company’s Global Generics segment is given below:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Nervous System   Rs.   26,825   Rs.   19,726   Rs.   17,347
Gastrointestinal   19,394   19,250   19,153
Oncology   18,245   18,357   16,999
Cardiovascular   14,729   15,106   16,501
Pain Management   13,808   13,806   12,898
Respiratory   10,433   8,130   6,205
Anti-Infective   9,402   7,073   6,557
Others   25,287   21,455   18,354
Total   Rs.   138,123   Rs.   122,903   Rs.   114,014

172

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

21. Revenue from contracts with customers and trade receivables
(continued)

Analysis of revenues within the PSAI
segment:

An analysis of revenues by therapeutic areas
in the Company’s PSAI segment is given below:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Cardiovascular   Rs.   8,567   Rs.   7,019   Rs.   6,191
Pain Management   5,073   3,364   3,228
Nervous System   2,797   2,741   2,331
Oncology   1,798   2,212   1,650
Dermatology   1,370   1,622   1,606
Anti-Infective   1,097   1,247   1,968
Others   5,045   5,935   5,018
Total   Rs.   25,747   Rs.   24,140   Rs.   21,992

Analysis of revenues by geography:

The following table
shows the distribution of the Company’s revenues by country, based on the location of the customers:

For the Year Ended March 31,
Country   2020   2019   2018
India   Rs.   32,089   Rs.   28,804   Rs.   25,209
United States   76,028   69,299   68,124
Russia   16,900   15,299   12,610
Others   49,583   40,449   36,085
Rs.   174,600   Rs.   153,851   Rs.   142,028

Information
about major customers

Revenues from two
customers of the Company's Global Generics segment were Rs.14,164 and Rs.9,267, representing approximately 8% and 5%, respectively,
of the Company’s total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2020.

Revenues from two
customers of the Company's Global Generics segment were Rs.10,639 and Rs.10,024, each representing approximately 7% of the Company’s
total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Revenues from two
customers of the Company's Global Generics segment were Rs.13,486 and Rs.10,755, representing approximately 9% and 8%, respectively,
of the Company’s total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2018.

Details
of significant gross to net adjustments relating to Company’s North America Generics business (amounts in U.S.$ millions)

A roll-forward for
each major accrual for the Company’s North America Generics business for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, 2019 and
2020 is as follows:

Particulars   Chargebacks   Rebates   Medicaid   Refund Liability
(All values in U.S.$ millions)
Beginning Balance: April 1, 2017   191   186   13   36
Current provisions relating to sales during the year (1)   1,750   630   18   22
Provisions and adjustments relating to sales in prior years   *   -   -   -
Credits and payments**   (1,771   )   (655   )   (19   )   (30   )
Ending Balance: March 31, 2018   170   161   12   28
Beginning Balance: April 1, 2018   170   161   12   28
Current provisions relating to sales during the year (2)   1,415   461   18   29
Provisions and adjustments relating to sales in prior years   *   -   -   -
Credits and payments**   (1,457   )   (530   )   (19   )   (27   )
Ending Balance: March 31, 2019   128   92   11   30
Beginning Balance: April 1, 2019   128   92   11   30
Current provisions relating to sales during the year (3)   1,468   319   20   21
Provisions and adjustments relating to sales in prior years   *   -   -   -
Credits and payments**   (1,440   )   (331   )   (20   )   (27   )
Ending Balance: March 31, 2020   156   80   11   24

173

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

21. Revenue from contracts with customers and trade receivables
(continued)

*   Currently, the Company does not separately track provisions and adjustments, in each case to the
extent relating to prior years for chargebacks. However, the adjustments are expected to be non-material. The volumes used to calculate
the closing balance of chargebacks represent approximately 1.3 months equivalent of sales, which corresponds to the pending chargeback
claims yet to be processed.

**   Currently, the Company does not separately track the
credits and payments, in each case to the extent relating to prior years for chargebacks, rebates, medicaid payments or refund
liability.

(1)   Chargebacks and rebates provisions for the year ended March 31, 2018 and payments for the year
ended March 31, 2018 were each lower as compared to the year ended March 31, 2017, primarily as a result of lower pricing
rates per unit for chargebacks, due to a reduction in the invoice price to wholesalers for certain of the Company’s products,
and due to certain product mix changes.

(2)   Chargebacks and rebates provisions for the year ended March 31, 2019 and payments for the year
ended March 31, 2019 were each lower as compared to the year ended March 31, 2018, primarily as a result of lower pricing rates
per unit for chargebacks, and due to a reduction in the invoice price to wholesalers for certain of the Company’s products.

(3)   Chargebacks provisions for the year ended March 31, 2020 were higher compared to the year ended
March 31, 2019, primarily as a result of higher sales volumes, which were partially offset due to a lower pricing rates per unit
for chargebacks. Such lower pricing was primarily on account of a reduction in the invoice price to wholesalers for certain of
the Company’s products. The chargebacks payments for the year ended March 31, 2020 were lower compared to the year ended
March 31, 2019, primarily as a result of higher pending chargebacks claims at March 31, 2020 as compared to March
31, 2019. The rebates provisions and the payments for the year ended March 31, 2020 were each lower as compared to the year ended
March 31, 2019, primarily as a result of lower pricing rates per unit for rebates, due to a reduction in the invoice price to wholesalers
for certain of the Company’s products, which were partially offset by higher sales volumes during the year ended March 31,
2020 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2019.

The Company’s
overall refund liability as at March 31, 2020 relating to its North America Generics business was U.S.$24, as compared to a liability
of U.S.$30 as at March 31, 2019. This decrease in the Company’s liability was primarily attributable to a lower refund liability
allowance for the year ended March 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2019. Such allowance change was primarily due
to certain product mix changes and recent trends in actual sales returns, together with the Company’s historical experience
and also the price reduction for certain products resulting into lower refund liability to be carried.

The estimates of “gross-to-net”
adjustments for the Company’s operations in India and other countries outside of the United States relate mainly to refund
liability in all such operations, and certain rebates to healthcare insurance providers are specific to the Company’s German
operations. The pattern of such refund liability is generally consistent with the Company’s gross sales. In Germany, the
rebates to healthcare insurance providers mentioned above are contractually fixed in nature and do not involve significant estimations
by the Company.

Details of refund liabilities:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019
Balance at the beginning of the year   Rs.   3,581   Rs.   3,210
Provision made during the year, net of reversals   2,675   3,592
Provision used during the year   (3,224   )   (3,324   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   220   103
Balance at the closing of the year   Rs.   3,252   Rs.   3,581
Current   Rs.   3,252   Rs.   3,581
Non-current   -   -

Details of contract asset:

As mentioned in the
accounting policies for refund liability set forth in Note 3.l. of these consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes
an asset (i.e., the right to the returned goods), which is included in inventories, for the products expected to be returned. The
Company initially measures this asset at the former carrying amount of the inventory, less any expected costs to recover the goods,
including any potential decreases in the value of the returned goods. Along with re-measuring the refund liability at the end of
each reporting period, the Company updates the measurement of the asset recorded for any revisions to its expected level of returns,
as well as any additional decreases in the value of the returned products.

As on March 31, 2020
and 2019, the Company had Rs.23 and Rs.16, respectively, as contract assets representing the right to returned goods.

174

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

21. Revenue from contracts with customers and trade receivables
(continued)

Details of deferred revenue:

Tabulated below is the reconciliation of
deferred revenue for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019.

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019
Balance as at April 1   Rs.   2,592   Rs.   3,319
Revenue recognized during the year   (1,250   )   (815   )
Milestone payment received during the year   1,856   88
Balance as at March 31   Rs.   3,198   Rs.   2,592
Current   1,242   590
Non-current   1,956   2,002

Details of contract liabilities

As at March 31,
2020   2019
Advance from customers   Rs.   668   Rs.   761
Rs.   668   Rs.   761

22.

Other income, net

Other (income)/expense, net consists of
the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Loss/(gain) on sale/disposal of property, plant and equipment
and other intangible assets, net (1)   Rs.   10   Rs.   (1,264)   Rs.   55
Sale of spent chemicals   (306   )   (356   )   (297   )
Scrap sales   (167   )   (179   )   (169   )
Miscellaneous income, net (2)   (3,827   )   (156   )   (377   )
Rs.   (4,290)   Rs.   (1,955)   Rs.   ( 788)

(1)   Refer to footnotes (1) and (2) to the first table set forth in Note
11 and footnote (1) to the first table set forth in Note 13 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

(2)   Miscellaneous income, net includes Rs.3,457 (U.S.$50) received from Celgene pursuant to a settlement
agreement entered into in April 2019. The agreement effectively settles any claim the Company or its affiliates may have had for
damages under section 8 of the Canadian Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations in regard to the Company’s
ANDS for a generic version of REVLIMID ® brand capsules (Lenalidomide) pending before Health Canada.

23.

Finance income, net

Finance (expense)/income, net consists of
the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Interest income   Rs.   888   Rs.   770   Rs.   540
Fair value changes and profit on sale of units of mutual funds, net (1)   929   773   2,270
Foreign exchange gain   639   737   87
Miscellaneous income, net   5   -   -
Finance income (A)   Rs.   2,461   Rs.   2,280   Rs.   2,897
Interest expense   Rs.   (983)   Rs.   (889)   Rs.   (788)
Foreign exchange loss   -   (274   )   (29   )
Finance expense (B)   Rs.   (983)   Rs.   (1,163)   Rs.   (817)
Finance income, net [(A)+(B)]   Rs.   1,478   Rs.   1,117   Rs.   2,080

(1)   For the year ended March 31, 2018, profit on sale of units of mutual
funds, net primarily represents amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income to the consolidated income statement on redemption
of the Company’s then “available for sale” financial instruments under the former accounting standard IAS 39,
“ Financial Instrument - Recognition and Measurement” .

175

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

24.

Income taxes

a.

Income tax (expense)/benefit recognized in the consolidated income statement

Income tax (expense)/benefit
recognized in the consolidated income statement consists of the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Current taxes
Domestic   Rs.   (5,157)   Rs.   (3,003)   Rs.   (1,412)
Foreign   (1,459   )   (1,707   )   (363   )
Rs.   (6,616)   Rs.   (4,710)   Rs.   (1,775)
Deferred taxes
Domestic   Rs.   6,580   Rs.   (244)   Rs.   (379)
Foreign   1,502   1,306   (2,381   )
Rs.   8,082   Rs.   1,062   Rs.   (2,760)
Total income tax (expense)/ benefit   Rs.   1,466   Rs.   (3,648)   Rs.   (4,535)

b.

Income tax (expense)/benefit recognized directly in equity

Income tax (expense)/benefit recognized
directly in equity consists of the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Tax effect on changes in fair value of other investments   Rs.   -   Rs.   (411)   Rs.   1,370
Tax effect on foreign currency translation differences   -   14   (17   )
Tax effect on effective portion of change in fair value of cash flow hedges   232   (69   )   41
Tax effect on actuarial gains/losses on defined benefit obligations   (22   )   (3   )   (12   )
Rs.   210   Rs.   (469)   Rs.   1,382

c.

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

The following is a reconciliation of the
Company’s effective tax rates for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Profit before income taxes   Rs.   18,032   Rs.   22,443   Rs.   14,341
Enacted tax rate in India   34.94   %   34.94   %   34.61   %
Computed expected tax expense   Rs.   (6,301)   Rs.   (7,842)   Rs.   (4,963)
Effect of:
Differences between Indian and foreign tax rates   Rs.   (3,385)   Rs.   734   Rs.   712
(Unrecognized deferred tax assets)/recognition of previously unrecognized deferred tax assets, net   6,478   (482   )   (1,673   )
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes   (155   )   (340   )   (261   )
Reversal of earlier years’ tax provisions   -   282   135
Income exempt from income taxes   1,029   1,282   746
Foreign exchange differences   64   470   41
Incremental deduction allowed for research and development costs (1)   1,241   1,134   1,324
Tax expense on distributed/undistributed earnings of subsidiary outside India   (254   )   -   -
Write off of accounts receivables   -   1,294   -
Income from sale of capital assets   2,620   -   -
Effect of change in tax rate   37   (3   )   (1,329   )
Others   92   (177   )   733
Income tax benefit/(expense)   Rs.   1,466   Rs.   (3,648)   Rs.   (4,535)
Effective tax rate   (8   )%   16   %   32   %

(1)   India’s Finance Act, 2016 incorporated an amendment that reduces the weighted deduction on
eligible research and development expenditure in a phased manner from 200% to 150% commencing from April 1, 2017 and from 150%
to 100% effective April 1, 2020.

176

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

24. Income taxes (continued)

The decrease in the
Company’s effective tax rate for the year ended March 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2019 was primarily
on account of:

·   recognition of a deferred tax asset related to the Minimum Alternate Tax
(“MAT”) credits in Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited, India on account of a reduction in the MAT rate from 21.55%
to 17.47% pursuant to the recently enacted Taxation laws (Amendment) Act 2019 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 and subsequent
periods;

·   recognition of deferred
tax asset related to losses for impairment of certain product related intangibles of the Company;

·   recognition of deferred
tax asset pursuant to planned restructuring activity between the group companies; and

·   non taxability of
income from sale of capital assets as it is set off against the carried forward capital loss.

d.   Unrecognized deferred tax assets and liabilities

The details of unrecognized
deferred tax assets and liabilities are summarized below:

As at March 31,
2020   2019
Deductible temporary differences, net   Rs.   394   Rs.   5,469
Operating tax loss carry-forward   3,926   3,567
Rs.   4,320   Rs.   9,036

During the year ended
March 31, 2020, the Company recognized deferred tax assets of Rs.5,075 on certain deductible temporary differences, as the Company
believes that it is probable that there will be available taxable profits against which such temporary differences can be utilized.

During the year ended
March 31, 2020, the Company did not recognize deferred tax assets of Rs.359 on operating tax losses pertaining primarily to Dr.
Reddy’s Venezuela, C.A and Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories New York, Inc.

Deferred income taxes
are not provided on undistributed earnings of Rs.22,988 as at March 31, 2020, of subsidiaries, where it is expected that earnings
of the subsidiaries will not be distributed in the foreseeable future. Generally, the Company indefinitely reinvests all of the
accumulated undistributed earnings of subsidiaries, and accordingly, has not recorded any deferred taxes in relation to such undistributed
earnings of its subsidiaries.

e.   Deferred tax assets and liabilities

The tax effects of
significant temporary differences that resulted in deferred tax assets and liabilities and a description of the items that created
these differences is given below:

As at March 31,
2020   2019
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities):
Inventory   Rs.   3,216   Rs.   3,285
Minimum Alternate Tax*   6,246   1,630
Trade and other receivables   369   316
Operating/other tax loss carry-forward   3,399   297
Other current assets and other current liabilities, net   1,448   1,315
Property, plant and equipment   (2,361   )   (2,665   )
Other intangible assets   (477   )   (662   )
Others   99   42
Net deferred tax assets   Rs.   11,939   Rs.   3,558

*   As per Indian tax laws, companies are liable for a Minimum Alternate
Tax (“MAT” tax) when current tax, as computed under the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (“Tax Act”),
is determined to be below the MAT tax computed under section 115JB of the Tax Act. If in any year the company pays liability as
per MAT, then it is entitled to claim credit of MAT paid over and above the normal tax liability in the subsequent years. The MAT
credit is eligible to be carried forward and set-off in the future against the current tax liabilities over a period of 15 years
starting from the succeeding fiscal year in which such credit was generated.

In assessing whether
the deferred income tax assets will be realized, management considers whether some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets
will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred income tax assets and tax loss carry-forwards is dependent upon
the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible. Management considers
the scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategy in making this assessment.
Based on the level of historical taxable income and projections of future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred
tax assets are deductible, management believes that the Company will realize the benefits of those recognized deductible differences
and tax loss carry-forwards. Recoverability of deferred tax assets is based on estimates of future taxable income. Any changes
in such future taxable income would impact the recoverability of deferred tax assets.

177

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

24. Income taxes
(continued)

Operating loss carry-forward
consists of business losses, unabsorbed depreciation and unabsorbed interest carry-forwards. A portion of this total loss can be
carried indefinitely and the remaining amounts expire at various dates ranging from 2021 through 2027.

f.

Movement in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019
.

The details of movement
in deferred tax assets and liabilities are summarized below:

As at March 31, 2019   Recognized in income statement   Recognized in equity   As at March 31, 2020
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
Inventory   Rs.   3,285   Rs.   (69)   Rs.   -   Rs.   3,216
Minimum Alternate Tax   1,630   4,616   -   6,246
Trade and other receivables   316   53   -   369
Operating/other tax loss carry-forward   297   3,102   -   3,399
Other current assets and other current liabilities, net   1,315   133   -   1,448
Property, plant and equipment   (2,665   )   304   -   (2,361   )
Other intangible assets   (662   )   185   -   (477   )
Others   42   (153   )   210   99
Net deferred tax assets   Rs.   3,558   Rs.   8,171   Rs.   210   Rs.   11,939

As at March 31, 2018   Recognized in income statement   Recognized in equity   As at March 31, 2019
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
Inventory   Rs.   1,790   Rs.   1,495   Rs.   -   Rs.   3,285
Minimum Alternate Tax   1,630   -   -   1,630
Trade and other receivables   278   38   -   316
Operating/other tax loss carry-forward   112   185   -   297
Other current assets and other current liabilities, net   1,291   24   -   1,315
Property, plant and equipment   (2,263   )   (402   )   -   (2,665   )
Other intangible assets   (569   )   (93   )   -   (662   )
Others   629   (115   )   (472   )   42
Net deferred tax assets   Rs.   2,898   Rs.   1,132   Rs.   (472   )   Rs.   3,558

The amounts recognized
in the income statement for the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 include Rs.89 and Rs.70, respectively, which represent exchange
differences arising due to foreign currency translations.

25.

Nature of Expense

The following table
shows supplemental information related to certain “nature of expense” items for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019
and 2018:

For the Year Ended March 31,
Employee benefits   2020   2019   2018
Cost of revenues   Rs.   10,643   Rs.   10,644   Rs.   10,434
Selling, general and administrative expenses   18,658   18,291   17,004
Research and development expenses   4,501   4,627   4,711
Rs.   33,802   Rs.   33,562   Rs.   32,149

For the Year Ended March 31,
Depreciation   2020   2019   2018
Cost of revenues   Rs.   6,366   Rs.   6,484   Rs.   6,331
Selling, general and administrative expenses   1,294   801   854
Research and development expenses   980   1,077   1,100
Rs.   8,640   Rs.   8,362   Rs.   8,285

178

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

25.

Nature of expense (continued)

For the Year Ended March 31,
Amortization   2020   2019   2018
Cost of revenues   Rs.   175   Rs.   284   Rs.   264
Selling, general and administrative expenses   3,547   3,421   3,029
Research and development expenses   110   123   132
Rs.   3,832   Rs.   3,828   Rs.   3,425

In addition, for details
relating to costs of material consumed, refer to Note 9 of these consolidated financial statements.

26.

Operating leases

The Company has leased
offices and vehicles under various operating lease agreements that are renewable on a periodic basis at the option of both the
lessor and the lessee. Rental expense under these leases was Rs.905 and Rs.787 for the years ended March 31, 2019 and
2018, respectively.

The schedule of future
minimum rental payments in respect of non-cancellable operating leases is set out below:

As of March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Less than one year   Rs.   -   Rs.   405   Rs.   496
Between one and five years   -   797   1,144
More than five years   -   89   289
Rs.   -   Rs.   1,291   Rs.   1,929

Commencing April 1,
2019, upon adoption of IFRS 16, “Leases”, majority of leases for which the Company is lease become on balance sheet
liability with corresponding right-of-use assets recognized in the statement of financial position.

Upon adoption of the
new standard, a portion of the annual operating lease costs, which was previously fully recognized as a functional expense, is
recorded as interest expense.

27.

Employee benefits

Total employee benefit
expenses, including share-based payments, incurred during the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 amounted to Rs.33,802,
Rs.33,562 and Rs.32,149, respectively.

Gratuity benefits provided by the parent company

In
accordance with applicable Indian laws, the Company has a defined benefit plan which provides for gratuity payments (the “Gratuity
Plan”) and covers certain categories of employees in India. The Gratuity Plan provides a lump sum gratuity payment to eligible
employees at retirement or termination of their employment. The amount of the payment is based on the respective employee’s
last drawn salary and the years of employment with the Company. Effective September 1, 1999, the Company established the Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories Gratuity Fund (the “Gratuity Fund”) to fund the Gratuity Plan. Liabilities in respect of the Gratuity
Plan are determined by an actuarial valuation, based upon which the Company makes contributions to the Gratuity Fund. Trustees
administer the contributions made to the Gratuity Fund. Amounts contributed to the Gratuity Fund are invested in bonds issued
by the Government of India and in debt securities and equity securities of Indian companies.

The components of
gratuity cost recognized in the income statement for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 consist of the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Current service cost   Rs.   276   Rs.   265   Rs.   252
Interest on defined benefit liability   (4   )   (2   )   6
Gratuity cost recognized in income statement   Rs.   272   Rs.   263   Rs.   258

Details of the employee benefits obligations
and plan assets are provided below:

As of March 31,
2020   2019
Present value of funded obligations   Rs.   2,349   Rs.   2,200
Fair value of plan assets   (2,160   )   (2,174   )
Net defined benefit liability recognized   Rs.   189   Rs.   26

179

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

27.

Employee benefits (continued)

Details of changes in the present value
of defined benefit obligations are as follows:

As of March 31,
2020   2019
Defined benefit obligations at the beginning of the year   Rs.   2,200   Rs.   2,007
Current service cost   276   265
Interest on defined obligations   152   145
Re-measurements due to:
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to change in financial assumptions   (96   )   28
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to demographic assumptions   (48   )   -   *
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to experience changes   59   -   *
Benefits paid   (194   )   (245   )
Defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   Rs.   2,349   Rs.   2,200

* Rounded to the nearest million.

Details of changes in the fair value of
plan assets are as follows:

As of March 31,
2020   2019
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year   Rs.   2,174   Rs.   1,958
Employer contributions   14   294
Interest on plan assets   156   147
Re-measurements due to:
Return on plan assets excluding interest on plan assets   10   20
Benefits paid   (194   )   (245   )
Plan assets at the end of the year   Rs.   2,160   Rs.   2,174

Sensitivity Analysis:

As of March 31, 2020
Defined benefit obligation without effect of projected salary growth   Rs.   1,593
Add: Effect of salary growth   756
Defined benefit obligation with projected salary growth   2,349
Defined benefit obligation, using discount rate minus 50 basis points   2,419
Defined benefit obligation, using discount rate plus 50 basis points   2,282
Defined benefit obligation, using salary growth rate plus 50 basis points   2,418
Defined benefit obligation, using salary growth rate minus 50 basis points   2,282

Summary of the actuarial assumptions:

The actuarial assumptions used in accounting for the Gratuity plan are as follows:

The assumptions used to determine benefit
obligations:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Discount rate   6.65   %   7.45   %   7.75   %
Rate of compensation increase   7.50   %   8% per annum for the first year and 9% per annum thereafter   7% per annum for the first year and 9% per annum thereafter

The assumptions used to determine gratuity
cost:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Discount rate   7.45   %   7.75   %   7.20   %
Rate of compensation increase   8% per annum for the first year and 9% per annum thereafter   7% per annum for the first year and 9% per annum thereafter   7% per annum for the first year and 9% per annum thereafter

Contributions:
The Company expects
to contribute Rs.189 to the Gratuity Plan during the year ending March 31, 2021.

180

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

27.

Employee benefits (continued)

Disaggregation of plan assets:
The
Gratuity Plan’s weighted-average asset allocation as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, by asset category, was as follows:

As of March 31,
2020   2019
Funds managed by insurers   99   %   99   %
Others   1   %   1   %

The expected future cash flows in respect
of gratuity as at March 31, 2020 were as follows:

Expected contribution   Amount
During the year ended March 31, 2021 (estimated)   Rs.   189

Expected future benefit payments
March 31, 2021   413
March 31, 2022   301
March 31, 2023   294
March 31, 2024   273
March 31, 2025   259
Thereafter   2,201

Pension plan of the Company’s
subsidiary, Industrias Quimicas Falcon de Mexico

All employees of
the Company’s Mexican subsidiary, Industrias Quimicas Falcon de Mexico (“Falcon”), are entitled to a pension
benefit in the form of a defined benefit pension plan. The Falcon pension plan provides for payment to vested employees at retirement
or termination of employment. Liabilities in respect of the pension plan are determined by an actuarial valuation, based on which
the Company makes contributions to the pension plan fund. This fund is administered by a third party, who is provided guidance
by a technical committee formed by senior employees of Falcon.

The components of
net pension cost recognized in the income statement for the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 consist of the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Current service cost   Rs.   11   Rs.   13   Rs.   12
Interest on defined benefit liability   16   15   13
Total cost recognized in income statement   Rs.   27   Rs.   28   Rs.   25

Details of the employee benefits obligations
and plan assets are provided below:

As of March 31,
2020   2019
Present value of funded obligations   Rs.   234   Rs.   223
Fair value of plan assets   (128   )   (70   )
Net defined benefit liability recognized   Rs.   106   Rs.   153

Details of changes in the present value
of defined benefit obligations are as follows:

As of March 31,
2020   2019
Defined benefit obligations at the beginning of the year   Rs.   223   Rs.   243
Current service cost   11   13
Interest on defined obligations   25   22
Re-measurements due to:
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to change in financial assumptions   50   (47   )
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to experience changes   (8   )   7
Benefits paid   (41   )   (16   )
Foreign exchanges differences   (26   )   1
Defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   Rs.   234   Rs.   223

181

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

27.

Employee benefits (continued)

Details of changes in the fair value of
plan assets are as follows:

As of March 31,
2020   2019
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year   Rs.   70   Rs.   66
Employer contributions   113   16
Interest on plan assets   9   7
Re-measurements due to:
Return on plan assets excluding interest on plan assets   (7   )   (3   )
Benefits paid   (41   )   (16   )
Foreign exchanges differences   (16   )   -   *
Plan assets at the end of the year   Rs.   128   Rs.   70

* Rounded to the nearest million.

Sensitivity Analysis:

As of March 31, 2020
Defined benefit obligation without effect of projected salary growth   Rs.   158
Add: Effect of salary growth   76
Defined benefit obligation with projected salary growth   234
Defined benefit obligation, using discount rate minus 50 basis points   244
Defined benefit obligation, using discount rate plus 50 basis points   224
Defined benefit obligation, using salary growth rate plus 50 basis points   245
Defined benefit obligation, using salary growth rate minus 50 basis points   224

Summary of the actuarial assumptions:

The actuarial assumptions used in accounting for the Falcon defined benefit plans are as follows:

The assumptions used to determine benefit
obligations:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Discount rate   8.75   %   11.25   %   9.00   %
Rate of compensation increase   4.50   %   4.50   %   4.50   %

The assumptions used to determine defined
benefit cost:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Discount rate   11.25   %   9.00   %   8.75   %
Rate of compensation increase   4.50   %   4.50   %   4.50   %

Contributions:
The Company expects
to contribute Rs.32 to Falcon defined benefit plans during the year ending March 31, 2021.

Disaggregation of plan assets:
The
Falcon pension plan’s weighted-average asset allocation as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, by asset category, was as follows:

As of March 31,
2020   2019
Funds managed by insurers   51   %   51   %
Others   49   %   49   %

The expected future cash flows in respect
of post-employment benefit plans in Mexico as at March 31, 2020 were as follows:

Expected contribution   Amount
During the year ended March 31, 2021 (estimated)   Rs.   32
Expected future benefit payments
March 31, 2021   5
March 31, 2022   5
March 31, 2023   6
March 31, 2024   11
March 31, 2025   16
Thereafter   536

182

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

27.

Employee benefits (continued)

Provident fund benefits

Certain categories
of employees of the Company receive benefits from a provident fund, a defined contribution plan. Both the employee and employer
each make monthly contributions to a government administered fund equal to 12% of the covered employee’s qualifying salary.
The Company has no further obligations under the plan beyond its monthly contributions. The Company contributed Rs.812, Rs.740
and Rs.735 to the provident fund plan during the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

Superannuation benefits

Certain categories
of employees of the Company participate in superannuation, a defined contribution plan administered by the Life Insurance Corporation
of India. The Company makes monthly contributions based on a specified percentage of each covered employee’s salary. The
Company has no further obligations under the plan beyond its monthly contributions. The Company contributed Rs.82, Rs.84 and Rs.88
to the superannuation plan during the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

Other contribution plans

In the United States,
the Company sponsors a defined contribution 401(k) retirement savings plan for all eligible employees who meet minimum age and
service requirements. The Company contributed Rs.177, Rs.213 and Rs.212 to the 401(k) retirement savings plan during the years
ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The Company has no further obligations under the plan beyond its monthly matching
contributions.

In the United Kingdom,
certain social security benefits (such as pension, unemployment and disability) are funded by employers and employees through mandatory
National Insurance contributions. The contribution amounts are determined based upon the employee’s salary. The Company has
no further obligations under the plan beyond its monthly contributions. The Company contributed Rs.135, Rs.148 and Rs.135 to the
National Insurance during the years ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

Compensated absences

The Company provides
for accumulation of compensated absences by certain categories of its employees. These employees can carry forward a portion of
the unutilized compensated absences and utilize them in future periods or receive cash in lieu thereof as per the Company’s
policy. The Company records a liability for compensated absences in the period in which the employee renders the services that
increases this entitlement. The total liability recorded by the Company towards this obligation was Rs.1,161 and Rs.1,089 as at
March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

28.

Employee stock incentive plans

Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock
Option Plan -2002 (the “DRL 2002 Plan”):

The Company instituted
the DRL 2002 Plan for all eligible employees pursuant to the special resolution approved by the shareholders in the Annual General
Meeting held on September 24, 2001. The DRL 2002 Plan covers all employees and directors (excluding promoter directors) of the
parent company and its subsidiaries (collectively, “eligible employees”). The Nomination, Governance and Compensation
Committee of the Board of the parent company (the “Committee”) administers the DRL 2002 Plan and grants stock options
to eligible employees. The Committee determines which eligible employees will receive options, the number of options to be granted,
the exercise price, the vesting period and the exercise period. The vesting period is determined for all options issued on the
date of grant. The options issued under the DRL 2002 Plan vest in periods ranging between one and four years and generally have
a maximum contractual term of five years.

The DRL 2002 Plan,
as amended at annual general meetings of shareholders held on July 28, 2004 and on July 27, 2005, provides for stock option grants
in two categories:

Category A
: 300,000 stock options
out of the total of 2,295,478 options reserved for grant having an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying
equity shares on the date of grant; and

Category B
: 1,995,478 stock options
out of the total of 2,295,478 options reserved for grant having an exercise price equal to the par value of the underlying equity
shares (i.e., Rs.5 per option).

Under the DRL 2002
Plan, the exercise price of the fair market value options granted under Category A above is determined based on the average closing
price for 30 days prior to the grant in the stock exchange where there is highest trading volume during that period. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Committee may, after obtaining the approval of the shareholders in the annual general meeting, grant options
with a per share exercise price other than fair market value and par value of the equity shares.

183

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

28.

Employee stock incentive plans (continued)

After the stock split
effected in the form of a stock dividend issued by the Company in August 2006, the DRL 2002 Plan provides for stock option grants
in the above two categories as follows:

Particulars   Number of options reserved under category A   Number of options reserved under category B   Total
Options reserved under original Plan   300,000   1,995,478   2,295,478
Options exercised prior to stock dividend date (A)   94,061   147,793   241,854
Balance of shares that can be allotted on exercise of options (B)   205,939   1,847,685   2,053,624
Options arising from stock dividend (C)   205,939   1,847,685   2,053,624
Options reserved after stock dividend (A+B+C)   505,939   3,843,163   4,349,102

The term of the DRL
2002 plan was extended for a period of 10 years effective as of January 29, 2012 by the shareholders at the Company’s Annual
General Meeting held on July 20, 2012.

Stock option activity
under the DRL 2002 Plan for the two categories of options during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 is as follows:

Category A — Fair Market Value
Options:
 There was no stock activity under this category during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, and there were no
stock options outstanding under this category as of March 31, 2020 and 2019.

Category B — Par Value Options:

Stock options activity under this category during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was as set forth in the below table.

For the Year Ended March 31, 2020
Category B — Par Value Options   Shares arising out of options   Range of exercise prices   Weighted average exercise price   Weighted average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   270,141   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   73
Granted during the year   49,796   5.00   5.00   90
Expired/forfeited during the year   (14,934   )   5.00   5.00   -
Exercised during the year   (72,166   )   5.00   5.00   -
Outstanding at the end of the year   232,837   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   69
Exercisable at the end of the year   40,548   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   43

For
    the Year Ended March 31, 2019
Category B —
    Par Value Options   Shares
    arising out of options   Range
    of exercise prices   Weighted
    average exercise price   Weighted
    average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning
    of the year   320,544   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   70
Granted during the year   122,372   5.00   5.00   90
Expired/forfeited during the year   (50,651   )   5.00   5.00   -
Exercised during
    the year   (122,124   )   5.00   5.00   -
Outstanding at
    the end of the year   270,141   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   73
Exercisable at
    the end of the year   32,836   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   42

The weighted average
grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was Rs.2,746 and Rs.2,195 per option, respectively.
The weighted average share price on the date of exercise of options during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was Rs.2,681
and Rs.2,302 per share, respectively.

The aggregate intrinsic
value of options exercised during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was Rs.193 and Rs.281, respectively. As of March 31,
2020, options outstanding had an aggregate intrinsic value of Rs.725 and options exercisable had an aggregate intrinsic value of
Rs.126.

184

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

28.

Employee stock incentive plans (continued)

Dr. Reddy’s Employees ADR Stock
Option Plan, 2007 (the “DRL 2007 Plan”)

The Company instituted
the DRL 2007 Plan for all eligible employees in pursuance of the special resolution approved by the shareholders in the Annual
General Meeting held on July 27, 2005. The DRL 2007 Plan became effective upon its approval by the Board of Directors on January
22, 2007. The DRL 2007 Plan covers all employees and directors (excluding promoter directors) of DRL and its subsidiaries (collectively,
“eligible employees”). The Committee administers the DRL 2007 Plan and grants stock options to eligible employees.
The Committee determines which eligible employees will receive the options, the number of options to be granted, the exercise price,
the vesting period and the exercise period. The vesting period is determined for all options issued on the date of grant. The options
issued under the DRL 2007 Plan vest in periods ranging between one and four years and generally have a maximum contractual term
of five years.

The DRL 2007 Plan provides for option grants
in two categories:

Category A
: 382,695 stock options
out of the total of 1,530,779 stock options reserved for grant having an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying
equity shares on the date of grant; and

Category B
: 1,148,084 stock options
out of the total of 1,530,779 stock options reserved for grant having an exercise price equal to the par value of the underlying
equity shares (i.e., Rs.5 per option).

Stock options activity
under the DRL 2007 Plan for the above two categories of options during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was as follows:

For
    the Year Ended March 31, 2020
Category
    A — Fair Market Value Options   Shares
    arising out of options   Range
    of exercise prices   Weighted
    average exercise price   Weighted
    average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning
    of the year   146,060   Rs.   1,982.00/ 2,607.00   Rs.   2,166.00   81
Granted during the year   61,700   2,814.00   2,814.00   90
Expired/forfeited during the year   (5,000   )   2,607.00   2,607.00   -
Exercised during
    the year   -   -   -   -
Outstanding at
    the end of the year   202,760   Rs.   1,982.00/ 2,607.00/2,814.00   Rs.   2,353.62   72
Exercisable at
    the end of the year   35,265   Rs.   1,982.00/ 2,607.00   Rs.   2,150.81   51
For
    the Year Ended March 31, 2019
Category
    A — Fair Market Value Options   Shares
    arising out of options   Range
    of exercise prices   Weighted
    average exercise price   Weighted
    average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   -
Granted during the year   149,160   1,982.00/ 2,607.00   2,176.00   90
Expired/forfeited during the year   (3,100   )   2,607.00   2,607.00   -
Exercised during
    the year   -   -   -   -
Outstanding at
    the end of the year   146,060   Rs.   1,982.00/ 2,607.00   Rs.   2,166.00   81
Exercisable at
    the end of the year   -   -   -   -

The weighted average
grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was Rs.993 and Rs.515 per option, respectively.

As of March 31, 2020,
options outstanding had an aggregate intrinsic value of Rs.156 and options exercisable had an aggregate intrinsic value of Rs.27.

185

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

28.

Employee stock incentive plans (continued)

For the Year Ended March 31, 2020
Category B — Par Value Options   Shares arising out of options   Range of exercise prices   Weighted average exercise price   Weighted average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   115,155   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   73
Granted during the year   89,282   5.00   5.00   90
Expired/forfeited during the year   (18,886   )   5.00   5.00   -
Exercised during the year   (33,968   )   5.00   5.00   -
Outstanding at the end of the year   151,583   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   73
Exercisable at the end of the year   14,166   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   44

For the Year Ended March 31, 2019
Category B — Par Value Options   Shares arising out of options   Range of exercise prices   Weighted average exercise price   Weighted average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   107,308   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   73
Granted during the year   70,730   5.00   5.00   90
Expired/forfeited during the year   (29,966   )   5.00   5.00   -
Exercised during the year   (32,917   )   5.00   5.00   -
Outstanding at the end of the year   115,155   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   73
Exercisable at the end of the year   9,229   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   43

The weighted average
grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was Rs.2,747 and Rs.2,056, respectively.
The weighted average share price on the date of exercise of options during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was Rs.2,757
and Rs.2,445, respectively.

The aggregate intrinsic
value of options exercised during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was Rs.93 and Rs.80, respectively. As of March 31, 2020,
options outstanding had an aggregate intrinsic value of Rs.472 and options exercisable had an aggregate intrinsic value of Rs.44.

Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock
Option Scheme, 2018 (the “DRL 2018 Plan”)

The Company instituted
the DRL 2018 Plan for all eligible employees pursuant to the special resolution approved by the shareholders at the Annual General
Meeting held on July 27, 2018. The DRL 2018 Plan covers all employees and directors (excluding independent and promoter directors)
of the parent company and its subsidiaries (collectively, “eligible employees”). Upon the exercise of options granted
under the DRL 2018 Plan, the applicable equity shares may be issued directly by the Company to the eligible employee or may be
transferred from the Dr. Reddy’s Employees ESOS Trust (the “ESOS Trust”) to the eligible employee. The ESOS Trust
may acquire such equity shares through primary issuances by the Company and/or by way of secondary market acquisitions funded through
loans from the Company. The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee of the Board of the parent company (the “Compensation
Committee”) administers the DRL 2018 Plan and grants stock options to eligible employees, but may delegate functions and
powers relating to the administration of the DRL 2018 Plan to the ESOS Trust. The Compensation Committee determines which eligible
employees will receive the options, the number of options to be granted, the exercise price, the vesting period and the exercise
period. The vesting period is determined for all options issued on the date of grant. The options issued under the DRL 2018 Plan
vest in periods ranging between the end of one and five years, and generally have a maximum contractual term of five years.

The DRL 2018 Plan provides
for option grants having an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying equity shares on the date of grant
as follows:

Particulars   Number of securities to be acquired from secondary market   Number of securities to be issued by the Company   Total
Options reserved against equity shares   2,500,000   1,500,000   4,000,000
Options reserved against ADRs   -   1,000,000   1,000,000
Total   2,500,000   2,500,000   5,000,000

As at March 31, 2020,
the outstanding shares purchased from secondary market are 395,950 shares for an aggregate consideration of Rs.1,006.

186

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

28.

Employee stock incentive plans (continued)

Stock option activity under the DRL 2018 Plan during the years
ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was as follows:

For the Year Ended March 31, 2020
Fair Market Value Options   Shares arising out of options   Range of exercise prices   Weighted average exercise price   Weighted average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   229,600   Rs.   2,607.00   Rs.   2,607.00   84
Granted during the year   169,900   2,814.00/ 3,031.00   2,817.07   90
Expired/forfeited during the year   (22,575   )   2,607.00/ 2,814.00/ 3,031.00   2,687.84   -
Exercised during the year   (1,150   )   2,607.00   2,607.00   -
Outstanding at the end of the year   375,775   Rs.   2,607.00/ Rs.2814.00   Rs.   2,697.12   75
Exercisable at the end of the year   53,100   Rs.   2,607.00   Rs.   2,607.00   53
For the Year Ended March 31, 2019
Fair Market Value Options   Shares arising out of options   Range of exercise prices   Weighted average exercise price   Weighted average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   -
Granted during the year   235,700   2,607.00   2,607.00   90
Expired/forfeited during the year   (6,100   )   2,607.00   2,607.00   -
Exercised during the year   -   -   -   -
Outstanding at the end of the year   229,600   Rs.   2,607.00   Rs.   2,607.00   84
Exercisable at the end of the year   -   -   -   -

The weighted average
grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was Rs.994 and Rs.667 per option, respectively.
The weighted average share price on the date of exercise of options during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was Rs.2,914
and Rs. Nil per share, respectively.

The aggregate
intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019 was Rs.0.35 and Rs. Nil, respectively. As
of March 31, 2020, options outstanding had an aggregate intrinsic value of Rs.159 and options exercisable had an aggregate
intrinsic value of Rs.22.

Valuation of stock options:

The fair value of
services received in return for stock options granted to employees is measured by reference to the fair value of stock options
granted. The fair value of stock options granted under the DRL 2002 Plan, DRL 2007 Plan and the DRL 2018 Plan has been measured
using the Black–Scholes-Merton model at the date of the grant.

The Black-Scholes-Merton
model includes assumptions regarding dividend yields, expected volatility, expected terms and risk free interest rates. In respect
of par value options granted, the expected term of an option (or “option life”) is estimated based on the vesting term
and contractual term, as well as the expected exercise behavior of the employees receiving the option. In respect of fair market
value options granted, the option life is estimated based on the simplified method. Expected volatility of the option is based
on historical volatility, during a period equivalent to the option life, of the observed market prices of the Company’s publicly
traded equity shares. Dividend yield of the options is based on recent dividend activity. Risk-free interest rates are based on
the government securities yield in effect at the time of the grant. These assumptions reflect management’s best estimates,
but these assumptions involve inherent market uncertainties based on market conditions generally outside of the Company’s
control. As a result, if other assumptions had been used in the current period, stock-based compensation expense could have been
materially impacted. Further, if management uses different assumptions in future periods, stock based compensation expense could
be materially impacted in future years.

The estimated fair
value of stock options is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
for each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was, in substance, multiple awards.

187

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

28.

Employee stock incentive plans (continued)

The weighted average inputs used in computing the fair value
of options granted were as follows:

Grants made on
January 26, 2020   October 31, 2019   May 16, 2019   May 16, 2019
Expected volatility   27.00   %   27.10   %   28.25   %   29.29   %
Exercise price   Rs.   3,031.00   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   2,814.00   Rs.   5.00
Option life   5.00 Years   2.5 Years   5.0 Years   2.5 Years
Risk-free interest rate   6.61   %   5.72   %   7.14   %   6.76   %
Expected dividends   0.66   %   0.72   %   0.71   %   0.71   %
Grant date share price   Rs.   3,031.00   Rs.   2,783.20   Rs.   2,801.00   Rs.   2,801.00
Grants made on
January 31, 2019   September 21, 2018   July 26, 2018   May 21, 2018
Expected volatility   32.92   %   33.98   %   34.89   %   32.97   %
Exercise price   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00
/ Rs.2,607.00   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00 /  Rs.1,982.00
Option life   2.5 Years   2.5 Years   2.5 Years   2.5 Years
Risk-free interest rate   7.00   %   7.90   %   7.47   %   7.46   %
Expected dividends   0.74   %   0.78   %   0.94   %   1.06   %
Grant date share price   Rs.   2,720.80   Rs.   2,556.25   Rs.   2,132.75   Rs.   1,893.05

Share-based payment expense

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Equity settled share-based payment expense (1)   Rs.   521   Rs.   389   Rs.   454
Cash settled share-based payment expense (2)   94   85   28
Rs.   615   Rs.   474   Rs.   482

(1)   As of March 31, 2020 and 2019, there was Rs.515 and Rs.519, respectively, of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to unvested stock options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.93
years and 2.09 years, respectively.

(2)   Certain of the Company’s employees are eligible for share-based payment awards that are settled
in cash. These awards entitle the employees to a cash payment, on the exercise date, subject to vesting upon satisfaction of certain
service conditions which range from 1 to 4 years. The amount of cash payment is determined based on the price of the Company’s
ADSs at the time of vesting. As of March 31, 2020, there was Rs.97 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested
awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.93 years. This scheme does not involve dealing
in or subscribing to or purchasing securities of the Company, directly or indirectly.

29.   Related parties

The Company has entered into transactions with the following
related parties:

·   Green
Park Hotel and Resorts Limited for hotel services;

·   Green Park Hospitality Services Private Limited for catering and other services;

·   Dr. Reddy’s Foundation towards contributions for social development;

·   Kunshan Rotam Reddy Pharmaceuticals Company Limited for sales of goods
and for research and development services;

·   Pudami Educational Society towards contributions for social development;

·   Indus Projects Private Limited for engineering services relating to
civil works;

·   CERG Advisory Private Limited for professional consulting services;

·   Dr. Reddy’s Institute of Life Sciences for research and development
services;

·   AverQ
Inc. for professional consulting services;

·   Shravya Publications Pvt. Ltd. for professional consulting services;

·   Cancelled Plans LLP for the sale of scrap materials;

·   Araku Originals Private Limited for the purchase of coffee powder;

·   DRES Energy Private Limited for the purchase of solar power; and

·   Stamlo Industries Limited for hotel services.

188

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

29.

Related parties (continued)

These are enterprises over which
key management personnel have control or significant influence. “Key management personnel” consists of the Company’s
Directors and members of the Company’s Management Council.

The Company has also
entered into cancellable operating lease transactions with key management personnel and close members of their families.

Further, the Company
contributes to the Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Gratuity Fund, which maintains the plan assets of the Company’s Gratuity
Plan for the benefit of its employees. See Note 27 of these consolidated financial statements for information on transactions
between the Company and the Gratuity Fund.

The following is
a summary of significant related party transactions:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Research and development services received   Rs.   105   Rs.   97   Rs.   98
Sale of goods   14   23   -
Lease rentals received   1   -   -
Research and development services provided   58   103   100
Lease rentals paid   35   35   35
Catering expenses paid   344   270   178
Hotel expenses paid   22   26   49
Facility management services paid   24   -   -
Purchase of Solar power   108   -   -
Civil works   101   106   -
Contributions towards social development   233   220   238
Salaries to relatives of Key Management Personnel   7   5   1
Others   4   1   -

The Company had the following amounts due
from related parties:

As at March 31,
2020   2019
Key management personnel and close members of their families   Rs.   8   Rs.   8
Other related parties   68   106

The Company had the following amounts due to related parties:

As at March 31,
2020   2019
Due to related parties   Rs.   91   Rs.   80

The following table
describes the components of compensation paid or payable to key management personnel for the services rendered during the applicable
year ended:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Salaries and other benefits   Rs.   684   Rs.   668   Rs.   458
Contributions to defined contribution plans   34   35   38
Commission to directors   298   243   153
Share-based payments expense   165   99   114
Rs.   1,181   Rs.   1,045   Rs.   763

Some of the key management
personnel of the Company are also covered under the Company’s Gratuity Plan along with the other employees of the Company.
Proportionate amounts of gratuity accrued under the Company’s Gratuity Plan have not been separately computed or included
in the above disclosure.

189

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

30.

Financial instruments

Financial instruments by category

The carrying value and fair value of financial
instruments as at March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 were as follows:

As of March 31, 2020   As of March 31, 2019
Total carrying value   Total fair value   Total carrying value   Total fair value
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents   Rs.   2,053   Rs.   2,053   Rs.   2,228   Rs.   2,228
Other investments (1)   24,015   24,015   23,343   23,343
Trade and other receivables   52,015   52,015   39,982   39,982
Derivative financial instruments   1,105   1,105   360   360
Other assets (2)   4,170   4,170   2,843   2,843
Total   Rs.   83,358   Rs.   83,358   Rs.   68,756   Rs.   68,756
Liabilities:
Trade and other payables   Rs.   16,659   Rs.   16,659   Rs.   14,553   Rs.   14,553
Derivative financial instruments   1,602   1,602   68   68
Long-term borrowings   5,570   5,570   26,256   26,256
Short-term borrowings   16,441   16,441   12,125   12,125
Bank overdraft   91   91   -   -
Other liabilities and provisions (3)   25,317   25,317   21,902   21,902
Total   Rs.   65,680   Rs.   65,680   Rs.   74,904   Rs.   74,904

(1)   Interest accrued but not due on investments is included in other
                                       assets.

(2)   Other assets that are not financial assets (such as receivables from statutory authorities, export benefit receivables, prepaid
expenses, advances paid and certain other receivables) of Rs.10,476 and Rs.10,639 as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively,
are not included.

(3)   Other liabilities and provisions that are not financial liabilities (such as statutory dues payable, deferred revenue, advances
from customers and certain other accruals) of Rs.10,725 and Rs.8,898 as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, are not included.

Fair value hierarchy

Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices
included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e.,
derived from prices).

Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities
that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

The following table
presents the fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2020:

Particulars   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
FVTPL - Financial asset - Investments in units of mutual funds   Rs.   13,832   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   13,832
FVTOCI - Financial asset - Investment in equity securities   303   -   -   303
FVTOCI - Financial asset - Investment in market linked debentures   1,993   -   -   1,993
Derivative financial instruments – net gain/(loss) on outstanding foreign exchange forward, option and swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts (1)   -   (497   )   -   (497   )

The following table
presents the fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2019:

Particulars   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
FVTPL - Financial asset - Investments in units of mutual funds   Rs.   16,240   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   16,240
FVTOCI - Financial asset - Investment in equity securities   791   -   -   791
Derivative financial instruments – net gain/(loss) on outstanding foreign exchange forward, option and swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts (1)   -   292   -   292

(1)   The Company enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally
financial institutions and banks. Derivatives valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs are mainly interest
rate swaps, foreign exchange forward option and swap contracts. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward
pricing, swap models and Black-Scholes-Merton models (for option valuation), using present value calculations. The models incorporate
various inputs, including foreign exchange forward rates, interest rate curves and forward rate curves.

As at March 31, 2020
and 2019, the changes in counterparty credit risk had no material effect on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives
designated in hedge relationships and other financial instruments recognized at fair value.

190

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

30. Financial instruments (continued)

Derivative financial instruments

The Company had a
derivative financial asset and derivative financial liability of Rs.1,105 and Rs.1,602, respectively, as of March 31, 2020, as
compared to derivative financial asset and derivative financial liability of Rs.360 and Rs.68, respectively, as of March 31, 2019,
towards these derivative financial instruments.

Details of gain/(loss) recognized in
respect of derivative contracts

The following table
presents details in respect of the gain/(loss) recognized in respect of derivative contracts during the applicable year ended:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2020   2019   2018
Net gain/(loss) recognized in finance costs in respect of foreign exchange derivative contracts and cross currency interest rate swaps contracts   Rs.   155   Rs.   (257   )   Rs.   168
Net gain/(loss) recognized in equity in respect of hedges of highly probable forecast transactions   (951   )   180   (82   )
Net gain/(loss) reclassified from equity and recognized as component of revenue occurrence of forecasted transaction   (50   )   (524   )   651

The net carrying
amount of the Company’s “hedging reserve” as a component of equity before adjusting for tax impact was a loss
of Rs.721 as at March 31, 2020, as compared to a gain of Rs.229 as at March 31, 2019.

Outstanding foreign exchange derivative
contracts

The following table
gives details in respect of the notional amount of outstanding foreign exchange derivative contracts as of March 31, 2020.

Category   Instrument   Currency (1)   Cross Currency (1)   Amounts   Buy/Sell
Hedges of recognized assets and liabilities   Forward contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$ 148   Sell
Forward contract   RUB   INR   RUB 5,968   Sell
Forward contract   GBP   INR   GBP 9   Sell
Forward contract   AUD   INR   AUD 4   Sell
Forward contract   CHF   INR   CHF 200   Sell
Forward contract   ZAR   INR   ZAR 71   Sell
Forward contract   CHF   U.S.$   CHF 200   Buy
Forward contract   EUR   GBP   EUR 3   Sell
Forward contract   EUR   U.S.$   EUR 6   Buy
Forward contract   GBP   U.S.$   GBP 38   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   AUD   U.S.$ 5   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   BRL   U.S.$ 6   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   CLP   U.S.$ 4   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   COP   U.S.$ 4   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   KZT   U.S.$ 11   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   MXN   U.S.$ 2   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   RON   U.S.$ 7   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   RUB   U.S.$ 6   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   UAH   U.S.$ 19   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$ 140   Sell
Hedges of highly probable forecast transactions   Option contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$270   Sell

The following table
gives details in respect of the notional amount of outstanding foreign exchange derivative contracts as of March 31, 2019.

Category   Instrument   Currency (1)   Cross Currency (1)   Amounts   Buy/Sell
Hedges of recognized assets and liabilities   Forward contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$ 261   Sell
Forward contract   RUB   INR   RUB 2,710   Sell
Forward contract   GBP   INR   GBP 18   Sell
Forward contract   U.S.$   RUB   U.S.$ 30   Buy
Forward contract   GBP   U.S.$   GBP 23   Buy
Hedges of highly probable forecast transactions   Forward contract   RUB   INR   RUB 1,350   Sell
Option contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$ 300   Sell

191

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

30. Financial instruments (continued)

(1)   “INR” means Indian rupees, “U.S.$” means United States
dollars, “RON” means Romanian new leus, “GBP” means U.K. pounds sterling, “AUD” means Australian
dollars, “CHF” means Swiss francs, “ZAR” means South African rands, “EUR” means Euros, “BRL”
means Brazilian reals, “CLP” means Chilean pesos, “COP” means Colombian pesos, “KZT” means
Kazakhstan tenges, “MXN” means Mexican pesos, “UAH” means Ukrainian hryvnias and “RUB” means
Russian roubles.

The table below summarizes
the periods when the cash flows associated with highly probable forecast transactions that are classified as cash flow hedges are
expected to occur:

As of March 31,
2020   2019
Cash flows in U.S. Dollars
Not later than one month   Rs.   2,648   Rs.   2,420
Later than one month and not later than three months   5,297   4,841
Later than three months and not later than six months   7,945   7,261
Later than six months and not later than one year   4,540   6,225
Rs.   20,430   Rs.   20,747
Cash flows in Roubles
Not later than one month   Rs.   -   Rs.   161
Later than one month and not later than three months   -   320
Later than three months and not later than six months   -   480
Later than six months and not later than one year   -   480
Rs.   -   Rs.   1,441

Hedges of changes in the interest rates:

Consistent with its
risk management policy, the Company uses interest rate swaps (including cross currency interest rate swaps) to mitigate the risk
of changes in interest rates. The Company does not use them for trading or speculative purposes.

A net
gain/(loss) of Rs. Nil, representing the changes in the fair value of interest rate swaps used as hedging instrument in a
cash flow hedge is recognized in the statement of other comprehensive income. For balance interest rate swaps, the changes in
fair value (including cross currency interest rate swaps) are recognized as part of the finance costs. Accordingly the
Company has recorded, as part of finance cost, a net gain of Rs.33 and a net loss of Rs.0 for the year ended March 31, 2020
and 2019 respectively.

The Company had outstanding
interest swap arrangements that hedged a portion of interest rate risk arising from floating rate, dollar denominated foreign currency
borrowing of Nil and U.S.$50 as at March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

31.

Financial risk management

The Company’s
activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s
primary risk management focus is to minimize potential adverse effects of market risk on its financial performance. The Company’s
risk management assessment and policies and processes are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by the Company, to
set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor such risks and compliance with the same. Risk assessment and management
policies and processes are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. The Board
of Directors and the Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company’s risk assessment and management policies
and processes.

a.

Market risk

Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair values
or future cash flows that may result from adverse changes in market rates and prices (such as interest rates, foreign currency
exchange rates and commodity prices) or in the price of market risk-sensitive instruments as a result of such adverse changes in
market rates and prices. Market risk is attributable to all market risk-sensitive financial instruments, all foreign currency receivables
and payables and all short-term and long-term debt. The Company is exposed to market risk primarily related to foreign exchange
rate risk, interest rate risk and the market value of its investments. Thus, the Company’s exposure to market risk is a function
of investing and borrowing activities and revenue generating and operating activities in foreign currencies.

Foreign exchange risk

The Company’s
foreign exchange risk arises from its foreign operations, foreign currency revenues and expenses, (primarily in U.S. dollars, Russian
roubles, U.K. pounds sterling and Euros) and foreign currency borrowings (in U.S. dollars, Russian roubles, South African rands,
Mexican pesos and Brazilian reals). A significant portion of the Company’s revenues are in these foreign currencies, while
a significant portion of its costs are in Indian rupees. As a result, if the value of the Indian rupee appreciates relative to
these foreign currencies, the Company’s revenues measured in Indian rupees may decrease. The exchange rate between the Indian
rupee and these foreign currencies has changed substantially in recent periods and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the
future. Consequently, the Company uses both derivative and non-derivative financial instruments, such as foreign exchange forward
contracts, option contracts, currency swap contracts and foreign currency financial liabilities, to mitigate the risk of changes
in foreign currency exchange rates in respect of its highly probable forecast transactions and recognized assets and liabilities.

The details in respect
of the outstanding foreign exchange forward and option contracts are given in Note 30 to these consolidated financial statements.

192

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

31. Financial risk management (continued)

In respect of the
Company’s forward and option contracts, a 10% decrease/increase in the respective exchange rates of each of the currencies
underlying such contracts would have resulted in:

•   a Rs.1,203/(1,740) increase/(decrease) in the Company’s hedging reserve and a Rs.2,070/(1,745)
increase/(decrease) in the Company’s profit from such contracts, as at March 31, 2020;

•   a Rs.1,872/(1,349) increase/(decrease) in the Company’s hedging reserve and a Rs.1,789/(1,873)
increase/(decrease) in the Company’s profit from such contracts, as at March 31, 2019; and

•   a Rs.1,277/(1,338) increase/(decrease) in the Company’s hedging reserve and a Rs.403/(308)
increase/(decrease) in the Company’s profit from such contracts, as at March 31, 2018.

The following table
analyzes foreign currency risk from non-derivative financial instruments as at March 31, 2020:

U.S. dollars   Euro   Russian roubles   Others (1)   Total
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents   Rs.   365   Rs.   43   Rs.   4   Rs.   135   Rs.   547
Other investments   24   -   -   -   24
Trade and other receivables   31,931   705   989   317   33,942
Other assets   921   15   3   153   1,092
Total   Rs.   33,241   Rs.   763   Rs.   996   Rs.   605   Rs.   35,605
Liabilities:
Trade and other payables   Rs.   1,857   Rs.   525   Rs.   -   Rs.   73   Rs.   2,455
Long-term borrowings   4,401   2   3   77   4,483
Short-term borrowings   7,316   -   -   -   7,316
Other liabilities and provisions   5,534   60   52   400   6,046
Total   Rs.   19,108   Rs.   587   Rs.   55   Rs.   550   Rs.   20,300

The following table analyzes foreign currency
risk from non-derivative financial instruments as at March 31, 2019:

U.S. dollars   Euro   Russian roubles   Others (1)   Total
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents   Rs.   339   Rs.   30   Rs.   58   Rs.   418   Rs.   845
Other investments   20   -   -   -   20
Trade and other receivables   20,524   437   7,290   2,969   31,220
Other assets   298   18   68   138   522
Total   Rs.   21,181   Rs.   485   Rs.   7,416   Rs.   3,525   Rs.   32,607
Liabilities:
Trade and other payables   Rs.   2,426   Rs.   1,044   Rs.   -   Rs.   267   Rs.   3,737
Long-term borrowings   5,186   -   -   -   5,186
Short-term borrowings   7,538   -   1,387   307   9,232
Other liabilities and provisions   6,542   58   1,517   855   8,972
Total   Rs.   21,692   Rs.   1,102   Rs.   2,904   Rs.   1,429   Rs.   27,127

(1)   Others primarily consists of U.K. pounds sterling, Swiss francs, Romanian new leus, Chinese Yuans (Renminbi), Canadian Dollars
and Ukrainian hryvnia.

For the years ended
March 31, 2020 and 2019, every 10% depreciation/appreciation in the exchange rate between the Indian rupee and the respective currencies
for the above mentioned financial assets/liabilities would affect the Company’s net profit by Rs.1,531 and Rs.548, respectively.

Interest rate risk

As of March 31, 2020,
the Company had loans with floating interest rates as follows: Rs.10,971 of loans carrying a floating interest rate ranging from
1 Month LIBOR plus 12.5 bps to 1 Month LIBOR plus 82.7 bps; Rs.4,000 of loans carrying a floating interest rate of 1 Month India
Treasury Bill plus 60 bps; Rs.1,627 of loans carrying a floating interest rate of 3 Month LIBOR plus 55 bps; Rs.1,579 of loans
carrying a floating interest rate of TIIE+1.25%; and Rs.63 of loans carrying a floating interest rate of 1 Month JIBAR plus 120
bps.

As of March 31, 2019,
the Company had loans with floating interest rates as follows: Rs.31,154 of loans carrying a floating interest rate ranging from
1 Month LIBOR plus 25 bps to 1 Month LIBOR plus 105 bps; Rs.72 of loans carrying a floating interest rate of 1 Month JIBAR plus
120 bps; and Rs.1,749 of loans carrying a floating interest rate of TIIE+1.25%. These loans expose the Company to risk of changes
in interest rates. The Company’s treasury department monitors the interest rate movement and manages the interest rate risk
based on its policies, which include entering into interest rate swaps as considered necessary.

193

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

31. Financial risk management (continued)

For details of the
Company’s short-term and long-term loans and borrowings, including interest rate profiles, refer to Note 16 of these consolidated
financial statements.

For the years
ended March 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, every 10% increase or decrease in the floating interest rate component (i.e., LIBOR,
JIBAR, T-bill and TIIE) applicable to its loans and borrowings would affect the Company’s net profit by Rs.41, Rs.93
and Rs.77, respectively.

The carrying
value of the Company’s borrowings, interest component of which was designated in a cash flow hedge, was Rs. Nil and
Rs.3,458 as of March 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

The Company’s
investments in term deposits (i.e., certificates of deposit) with banks and short-term liquid mutual funds are for short durations,
and therefore do not expose the Company to significant interest rates risk.

Commodity rate risk

Exposure to market
risk with respect to commodity prices primarily arises from the Company’s purchases and sales of active pharmaceutical ingredients,
including the raw material components for such active pharmaceutical ingredients. These are commodity products, whose prices may
fluctuate significantly over short periods of time. The prices of the Company’s raw materials generally fluctuate in line
with commodity cycles, although the prices of raw materials used in the Company’s active pharmaceutical ingredients business
are generally more volatile. Cost of raw materials forms the largest portion of the Company’s cost of revenues. Commodity
price risk exposure is evaluated and managed through operating procedures and sourcing policies. As of March 31, 2020, the Company
had not entered into any material derivative contracts to hedge exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices.

b.

Credit risk

Credit risk is the
risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations,
and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers and investment securities. Credit risk is managed through
credit approvals, establishing credit limits and continuously monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which the Company
grants credit terms in the normal course of business. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful debts and impairment that
represents its estimate of expected losses in respect of trade and other receivables and investments.

Trade and other receivables

The Company’s
exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The demographics of the customer,
including the default risk of the industry and country in which the customer operates, also has an influence on credit risk assessment.
Credit risk is managed through credit approvals, establishing credit limits and continuously monitoring the creditworthiness of
customers to which the Company grants credit terms in the normal course of business.

Investments

The Company limits
its exposure to credit risk by generally investing in liquid securities and only with counterparties that have a good credit rating.
The Company does not expect any losses from non-performance by these counter-parties, and does not have any significant concentration
of exposures to specific industry sectors or specific country risks.

Details of financial assets –
not due, past due and impaired

None of the Company’s
cash equivalents, including term deposits (i.e., certificates of deposit) with banks, were past due or impaired as at March 31,
2020. The Company’s credit period for trade and other receivables payable by its customers generally ranges from 20 - 180
days.

The aging of trade
and other receivables is given below:

As of March 31,
Particulars   2020   2019
Neither past due nor impaired   Rs.   45,864   Rs.   33,874
Past due but not impaired
Less than 365 days   6,305   6,262
More than 365 days   1,048   1,018
Rs.   53,217   Rs.   41,154
Less : Allowance
    for credit losses   (1,202   )   (1,172   )
Total   Rs.   52,015   Rs.   39,982

See Note 8 of these
consolidated financial statements for the activity in the allowance for credit losses on trade and other receivables.

Other than trade and
other receivables, the Company has no significant class of financial assets that is past due but not impaired.

194

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

31. Financial risk management (continued)

c.

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is
the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company manages its liquidity
risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both
normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risk to the Company’s reputation.

As of March 31, 2020
and 2019, the Company had uncommitted lines of credit from banks of Rs.39,374 and Rs.47,134, respectively.

As of March 31, 2020,
the Company had working capital of Rs.57,556, including cash and cash equivalents of Rs.2,053, investments in term deposits with
banks, bonds and commercial paper of Rs.7,862, investments in marked linked debentures of Rs.1,993 and investments in mutual funds
of Rs.13,832. As of March 31, 2019, the Company had working capital of Rs.54,801, including cash and cash equivalents of Rs.2,228,
investments in term deposits with banks (i.e., deposits having original maturities of more than 3 months), bonds and commercial
paper of Rs.6,289 and investments in mutual funds of Rs.16,240.

The table below provides
details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities (other than long-term borrowings and obligations
under leases, which have been disclosed in Note 16 to these consolidated financial statements) as at March 31, 2020:

Particulars   2021   2022   2023   2024   Thereafter   Total
Trade and other payables   Rs.   16,659   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   16,659
Bank overdraft, short-term
    borrowings   16,532   -   -   -   -   16,532
Derivative financial instruments   1,602   -   -   -   -   1,602
Other liabilities and provisions   24,566   -   -   -   751   25,317

The table below provides
details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities (other than long-term borrowings and obligations
under finance leases, which have been disclosed in Note 16 to these consolidated financial statements) as at March 31, 2019:

Particulars   2020   2021   2022   2023   Thereafter   Total
Trade and other payables   Rs.   14,553   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   -   Rs.   14,553
Bank overdraft, short-term
    borrowings   12,125   -   -   -   -   12,125
Derivative financial instruments   68   -   -   -   -   68
Other liabilities and provisions   21,113   17   17   17   738   21,902

32.

Contingencies

The Company is involved
in disputes, lawsuits, claims, governmental and/or regulatory inspections, inquiries, investigations and proceedings, including
patent and commercial matters that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. The more significant matters are
discussed below. Most of the claims involve complex issues. Often, these issues are subject to uncertainties and therefore the
probability of a loss, if any, being sustained and an estimate of the amount of any loss is difficult to ascertain. Consequently,
for a majority of these claims, it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the expected financial effect, if any, that
will result from ultimate resolution of the proceedings. This is due to a number of factors, including: the stage of the proceedings
(in many cases trial dates have not been set) and the overall length and extent of pre-trial discovery; the entitlement of the
parties to an action to appeal a decision; clarity as to theories of liability; damages and governing law; uncertainties in timing
of litigation; and the possible need for further legal proceedings to establish the appropriate amount of damages, if any. In these
cases, the Company discloses information with respect to the nature and facts of the case.

The Company also believes
that disclosure of the amount sought by plaintiffs, if that is known, would not be meaningful with respect to those legal proceedings.

Although there can
be no assurance regarding the outcome of any of the legal proceedings or investigations referred to in this Note, the Company does
not expect them to have a materially adverse effect on its financial position, as it believes that the likelihood of loss in excess
of amounts accrued (if any) is not probable. However, if one or more of such proceedings were to result in judgments against the
Company, such judgments could be material to its results of operations in a given period.

Product and patent related matters

Launch of product

On
June 14, 2018, the U.S. FDA granted the Company final approval for buprenorphine and naloxone sublingual film, 2 mg/0.5 mg,
4 mg/1 mg, 8 mg/2 mg, and 12 mg/3 mg dosages, a therapeutic equivalent generic version of Suboxone® sublingual film. The
U.S. FDA approval came after the conclusion of litigation in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (the “Delaware
District Court”), where the Delaware District Court held that patents covering Suboxone® sublingual film would not be
infringed by the Company’s commercial launch of its generic sublingual film product. In light of the favorable decision from
the Delaware District Court, the Company launched its generic sublingual film product in the U.S. immediately following the U.S.
FDA approval on June 14, 2018. On July 12, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (“the Court of Appeals”)
affirmed the Delaware District Court’s ruling that the Company’s generic version of Suboxone® sublingual films
did not infringe the two remaining patents at issue in the Delaware District Court’s case (U.S. patent numbers 8,603,514
and 8,015,150).

195

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32. Contingencies (continued)

After
the Delaware District Court’s decision, Indivior filed a second lawsuit against the Company alleging infringement of three
additional U.S. patents (numbers 9,687,454, 9,855,221 and 9,931,305) in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey
(the “New Jersey District Court”), styled
Indivior Inc. et al. v. Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories S.A.
, Civil
Action No. 2:17-cv-07111 (D.N.J.). Following the launch, on June 15, 2018, Indivior filed an emergency application for a temporary
restraining order and preliminary injunction against the Company in the New Jersey District Court. Indivior’s motion alleged
that the Company’s generic sublingual film product infringed one of three U.S. patents (number 9,931,305) at issue in the
New Jersey District Court.  Pending a hearing and decision on the injunction application, the New Jersey District Court initially
issued a temporary restraining order against the Company with respect to further sales, offer for sales, and imports of its generic
sublingual film product in the United States. Subsequently, on July 14, 2018, the New Jersey District Court granted a
preliminary injunction in favor of Indivior. Under the order, Indivior was required to and did post a bond of U.S.$72 to pay
the costs and damages sustained by the Company if it was found to be wrongfully enjoined. The Company immediately appealed the
decision, and the Court of Appeals agreed to expedite the appeal.

On
November 20, 2018, the Court of Appeals issued a decision vacating the preliminary injunction. The Court of Appeals denied Indivior’s
petition for rehearing on February 4, 2019.

Indivior
subsequently filed two emergency motions in the Court of Appeals to stay issuance of the mandate and to keep the preliminary injunction
in place, which the Court of Appeals denied. Indivior then petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court to stay issuance of the mandate.

Indivior’s
petition was denied by the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court on February 19, 2019, and the mandate was issued on the same
day. The Company resumed sales of its generic sublingual film product after the mandate was issued.

On
February 19, 2019, the New Jersey District Court entered a stipulated order of dismissal of Indivior’s claims under U.S.
patent number 9,855,221. On November 5, 2019, the New Jersey District Court issued its claim construction decision construing certain
terms in U.S. patent numbers 9,931,305 and 9,687,454. After such claim construction decision, on January 8, 2020, the
New Jersey District Court entered a stipulated order that the Company’s generic sublingual film product does not infringe
the asserted claims in U.S. patent number 9,931,305. In the stipulated order, Indivior reserved the ability to appeal the New Jersey
District Court’s claim construction order. The Company has filed a motion requesting the New Jersey District Court enter
partial final judgment in the Company’s favor relating to the allegations of infringement of U.S. patent number 9,931,305.

On
November 11, 2019, a Magistrate Judge in the District of New Jersey granted the Company leave to file a counterclaim against Indivior
that alleges that Indivior engaged in anticompetitive conduct by making false or misleading statements to the New Jersey District
Court during the preliminary injunction proceedings in violation of federal antitrust laws. Indivior has appealed the Magistrate
Judge’s decision to the New Jersey District Court. Indivior has also filed a motion requesting that the New Jersey District
Court bifurcate and stay the antitrust case until after the completion of Indivior’s infringement case regarding the only
remaining asserted patent (U.S. patent number 9,687,454).

The parties continue
to litigate Indivior’s allegation that the Company’s generic sublingual film products infringe any valid claim of U.S.
patent number 9,687,454, with such litigation ongoing before the New Jersey District Court and the Patent Trial and Appeal Board
(“PTAB”).

In the PTAB, on November
13, 2018, the Company filed two petitions for inter-partes review challenging the validity of certain claims of U.S. patent number
9,687,454 before the PTAB. On June 13, 2019, the PTAB agreed to institute inter-partes review on one of the two petitions filed
by the Company. The PTAB heard oral argument in the pending inter-partes review challenge on March 3, 2020.

On June 2, 2020, the
PTAB issued a final written decision (“FWD”) in the Company’s favor finding that the Company had demonstrated
that claims 1–5, 7, and 9–14 of the ’454 patent were unpatentable. The PTAB upheld the validity of only one of
the challenged claims, claim 8. Additionally, claim 6 was not at issue in the inter-partes review and therefore not subject to
the FWD. Claims 6 and 8 remain asserted against the Company in the New Jersey District Court litigation. The PTAB’s decision
becomes effective after the time for Indivior to appeal has expired or after any appeal taken by Indivior has concluded.

The
Company intends to vigorously defend its positions and pursue a claim for damages caused by the preliminary injunction.
Any
liability that may arise on account of this litigation is unascertainable. Accordingly, no provision was made in the consolidated
financial statements of the Company.

Matters relating to National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority

Norfloxacin, India litigation

The Company manufactures
and distributes Norfloxacin, a formulations product, and in limited quantities, the active pharmaceutical ingredient norfloxacin.
Under the Drugs (Prices Control) Order (the “DPCO”), the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (the “NPPA”)
established by the Government of India had the authority to designate a pharmaceutical product as a “specified product”
and fix the maximum selling price for such product. In 1995, the NPPA issued a notification and designated Norfloxacin as a “specified
product” and fixed the maximum selling price. In 1996, the Company filed a statutory Form III before the NPPA for the upward
revision of the maximum selling price and a writ petition in the Andhra Pradesh High Court (the “High Court”) challenging
the validity of the designation on the grounds that the applicable rules of the DPCO were not complied with while fixing the maximum
selling price. The High Court had previously granted an interim order in favor of the Company; however it subsequently dismissed
the case in April 2004.

The Company filed
a review petition in the High Court in April 2004 which was also dismissed by the High Court in October 2004. Subsequently, the
Company appealed to the Supreme Court of India, New Delhi (the “Supreme Court”) by filing a Special Leave Petition.

196

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32. Contingencies (continued)

During the year ended
March 31, 2006, the Company received a notice from the NPPA demanding the recovery of the price charged by the Company for sales
of Norfloxacin in excess of the maximum selling price fixed by the NPPA, which was Rs.285 including interest.

The Company filed
a writ petition in the High Court challenging this demand order. The High Court admitted the writ petition and granted an interim
order, directing the Company to deposit 50% of the principal amount claimed by the NPPA, which was Rs.77. The Company deposited
this amount with the NPPA in November 2005. In February 2008, the High Court directed the Company to deposit an additional
amount of Rs.30, which was deposited by the Company in March 2008. In November 2010, the High Court allowed the Company’s
application to include additional legal grounds that the Company believed strengthened its defense against the demand. For example,
the Company added as grounds that trade margins should not be included in the computation of amounts overcharged, and that it was
necessary for the NPPA to set the active pharmaceutical ingredient price before the process of determining the ceiling on the formulation
price. In October 2013, the Company filed an additional writ petition before the Supreme Court challenging the inclusion of Norfloxacin
as a “specified product” under the DPCO. In January 2015, the NPPA filed a counter affidavit stating that the inclusion
of Norfloxacin was based upon the recommendation of a committee consisting of experts in the field. On July 20, 2016,
the Supreme Court remanded the matters concerning the inclusion of Norfloxacin as a “specified product” under the DPCO
back to the High Court for further proceedings. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Supreme Court dismissed the
Special Leave Petition pertaining to the fixing of prices for Norfloxacin formulations.

During the three months ended December 31, 2016, a writ petition
pertaining to Norfloxacin was filed by the Company with the Delhi High Court. The matter has been adjourned to August 4, 2020 for
hearing.

Based on its best
estimate, the Company has recorded a provision for potential liability for sale proceeds in excess of the notified selling prices,
including the interest thereon, and believes that the likelihood of any further liability that may arise on account of penalties
pursuant to this litigation is not probable.

Litigation relating
to Cardiovascular and Anti-diabetic formulations

In July 2014, the
NPPA, pursuant to the guidelines issued in May 2014 and the powers granted by the Government of India under the Drugs (Price Control)
Order, 2013, issued certain notifications regulating the prices for 108 formulations in the cardiovascular and antidiabetic therapeutic
areas. The Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (“IPA”), in which the Company is a member, filed a writ petition in the Bombay
High Court challenging the notifications issued by the NPPA on the grounds that they were ultra vires, ex facie and ab initio void. The
Bombay High Court issued an order to stay the writ in July 2014. On September 26, 2016, the Bombay High Court dismissed the writ
petition filed by the IPA and upheld the validity of the notifications/orders passed by the NPPA in July 2014. Further, on
October 25, 2016, the IPA filed a Special Leave Petition with the Supreme Court, which was dismissed by the Supreme Court.

During the three months
ended December 31, 2016, the NPPA issued show-cause notices relating to allegations that the Company exceeded the notified maximum
prices for 11 of its products. The Company has responded to these notices.

On March 20, 2017,
the IPA filed an application before the Bombay High Court for the recall of the judgment of the Bombay High Court dated September
26, 2016. This recall application filed by the IPA was dismissed by the Bombay High Court on October 4, 2017. Further, on December
13, 2017, the IPA filed a Special Leave Petition with the Supreme Court for the recall of the judgment of the Bombay High Court
dated October 4, 2017, which was dismissed by Supreme Court on January 10, 2018.

During the three months
ended March 31, 2017, the NPPA issued notices to the Company demanding payments relating to the foregoing products for the allegedly
overcharged amounts, along with interest. On July 13, 2017, in response to a writ petition which the Company had filed, the Delhi
High Court set aside all the demand notices of the NPPA and directed the NPPA to provide a personal hearing to the Company and
pass a speaking order. A personal hearing in this regard was held on July 21, 2017. On July 27, 2017, the NPPA passed a speaking
order along with the demand notice directing the Company to pay an amount of Rs.776. On August 3, 2017, the Company filed a writ
petition challenging the speaking order and the demand notice. Upon hearing the matter on August 8, 2017, the Delhi High Court
stayed the operation of the demand order and directed the Company to deposit Rs.100 and furnish a bank guarantee for Rs.676. Pursuant
to the order, the Company deposited Rs.100 on September 13, 2017 and submitted a bank guarantee of Rs.676 dated September 15, 2017
to the Registrar General, Delhi High Court. On November 22, 2017, the Delhi High Court directed the Union of India to file a final
counter affidavit within six weeks, subsequent to which the Company could file a rejoinder. On May 10, 2018, the counter affidavit
was filed by the Union of India. The Company subsequently filed a rejoinder and both were taken on record by the Delhi High Court.
The matter has been adjourned to June 16, 2020 for hearing.

Based on its best
estimate, the Company has recorded a provision of Rs.268 under “Selling, general and administrative expenses” as a
potential liability for sale proceeds in excess of the notified selling prices, including the interest thereon, and believes that
the likelihood of any further liability that may arise on account of penalties pursuant to this litigation is not probable.

However, if the Company
is unsuccessful in such litigation, it will be required to remit the sale proceeds in excess of the notified selling prices to
the Government of India with interest and could potentially include penalties, which amounts are not readily ascertainable.

197

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32. Contingencies (continued)

Other product and patent related matters

Child resistant packaging matter complaint under the False
Claims Act (“FCA”)

In May 2012, the Consumer
Product Safety Commission (the “CPSC”) requested that Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company in the United States, provide certain information with respect to compliance with requirements of special packaging
for child resistant blister packs for 6 products sold by the Company in the United States during the period commencing in 2002
through 2011. The Company provided the requested information. The CPSC subsequently alleged in a letter dated April 30, 2014 that
the Company had violated the Consumer Product Safety Act (the “CPSA”) and the Poison Prevention Packaging Act (the
“PPPA”) and that the CPSC intended to seek civil penalties. Specifically, the CPSC asserted, among other things, that
from or about August 14, 2008 through June 1, 2012, the Company sold prescription drugs having unit dose packaging that failed
to comply with the CPSC's special child resistant packaging regulations under the PPPA and failed to issue general certificates
of conformance. In addition, the CPSC asserted that the Company violated the CPSA by failing to immediately advise the CPSC of
the alleged violations. The Company disagrees with the CPSC’s allegations.

Simultaneously, the
U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) began to investigate a sealed complaint which was filed in the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania under the Federal False Claims Act (“FCA”) related to these
same issues (the “FCA Complaint”). The Company cooperated with the DOJ in its investigation. The DOJ and all States
involved in the investigation declined to intervene in the FCA Complaint. On November 10, 2015, the FCA Complaint was unsealed
and the plaintiff whistleblowers, who are two former employees of the Company, proceeded without the DOJ’s and applicable
States’ involvement. The unsealed FCA Complaint relates to the 6 blister pack products originally subject to the investigation
and also 38 of the Company’s generic prescription products sold in the U.S. in various bottle and cap packaging.

The Company filed
its response to the FCA Complaint on February 23, 2016 in the form of a motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim upon which
relief can be granted. On March 26, 2017, the Court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss, dismissing the FCA Complaint
and allowing the plaintiffs one more chance to refile this complaint in an attempt to plead sustainable allegations.

On March 29, 2017,
the plaintiffs filed their final amended FCA Complaint, which the Company opposed and during the three months ended March 31, 2018,
the Company obtained dismissal of the FCA Complaint with prejudice. The plaintiffs filed a petition with the Court requesting that
the Court reconsider its decision to dismiss the FCA Complaint with prejudice, and that request was denied.

The parallel investigation
by the CPSC under the CPSA and the PPPA was referred by the CPSC to the DOJ’s office in Washington, D.C. in April 2016, with
the recommendation that the DOJ initiate a civil penalty action against the Company. The CPSC matter referred to the DOJ relates
to five of the blister pack products.

On January 18, 2018,
the Company and the DOJ entered into a settlement of the action and agreed to a consent decree providing for a civil penalty of
U.S.$5 (Rs.319), and injunctive relief. The settlement was without adjudication of any issue of fact or law, and the Company has
not admitted any violations of law pursuant to this settlement.

During the three months
ended March 31, 2018, the Company obtained dismissal of the FCA Complaint with prejudice. The plaintiffs subsequently filed a petition
with the Court requesting that the Court reconsider its decision to dismiss the FCA Complaint with prejudice, and that request
was denied.

In June 2018, the
plaintiffs filed their Notice of Appeal to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. During the three months ended September 2018, the
plaintiffs and the DOJ settled and thus this appeal was dismissed. The plaintiffs then filed an application for recovery of attorneys'
fees from the Company under the "alternative remedy doctrine." The Company made opposing filings to this and in response
the plaintiffs withdrew their application.

The Company believes
that the likelihood of any liability that may arise on account of the FCA Complaint is not probable. Accordingly, no provision
has been made in these consolidated financial statements.

Namenda Litigation

In
August 2015, Sergeants Benevolent Assoc. Health & Welfare Fund (“Sergeants”) filed suit against the Company in
the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Sergeants alleged that certain parties, including the Company,
violated federal antitrust laws as a consequence of having settled patent litigation related to the Alzheimer’s drug Namenda®
(memantine) tablets during a period from about 2009 until 2010. Sergeants seeks to represent a class of “end-payor”
purchasers of Namenda® tablets (i.e., insurers, other third-party payors and consumers).

Sergeants
seeks damages based upon an allegation made in the complaint that the defendants entered into patent settlements regarding Namenda®
tablets for the purpose of delaying generic competition and facilitating the brand innovator’s attempt to shift sales from
the original immediate release product to the more recently introduced extended release product. The Company believes that the
complaint lacks merit and that the Company’s conduct complied with all applicable laws and regulations.

Defendants'
motions to dismiss were denied. Discovery is ongoing.

198

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32. Contingencies (continued)

On
November 5, 2019 plaintiffs MSP Recovery Claims, Series LLC and MSPA Claims 1, LLC filed suit against the Company and other drug
manufacturers in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The claims in this complaint were similar
in nature to the claims in the Sergeants lawsuit, and those cases were coordinated for discovery purposes. On April 14, 2020, with
the consent of the Company and the other defendants, plaintiffs MSP Recovery Claims, Series LLC and MSPA Claims 1, LLC voluntarily
dismissed their claims without prejudice.

Other
class action complaints containing similar allegations to the Sergeants complaint have also been filed in the U.S. District Court
for the Southern District of New York. However, apart from the Sergeants case described above, there are no such class actions
that are pending and that name the Company as a defendant.

In
addition, the State of New York filed an antitrust case in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The case
brought by the State of New York contained some (but not all) of the allegations set forth in the class action complaints, but
the Company was not named as a party. The case brought by the State of New York was dismissed by stipulation on November 30, 2015.

The Company believes
that the likelihood of any liability that may arise on account of alleged violation of federal antitrust laws is not probable.
Accordingly, no provision has been made in these consolidated financial statements.

Ranitidine Recall
and Litigation

On October 1, 2019,
the Company initiated a voluntary nationwide retail (at the retail level for over-the-counter products and at the consumer level
for prescription products) of all of its ranitidine medications sold in the United States due to the presence of N-Nitrosodimethylamine
(“NDMA”) above levels established by the U.S. FDA. NDMA is classified as a probable human carcinogen (a substance
that could cause cancer) based on results from laboratory tests. On November 1, 2019, the U.S. FDA issued a statement indicating
that it had found levels of NDMA in ranitidine from its testing generally that were “similar to the levels you would expect
to be exposed to if you ate common foods like grilled or smoked meats.” See
https://www.fda.gov/news-events/press-announcements/statement-new-testing-results-including-low-levels-impurities-ranitidine-drugs
.
The U.S. FDA has indicated that its investigation and testing continue. On April 1, 2020, the U.S. FDA issued a press release
announcing that it was requesting manufacturers to withdraw all prescription and over-the-counter ranitidine drugs from the market
immediately. The U.S. FDA stated that it “has determined that the impurity in some ranitidine products increases over time
and when stored at higher than room temperatures may result in consumer exposure to unacceptable levels of this impurity.”
See
https://www.fda.gov/safety/medical-product-safety-information/all-ranitidine-products-zantac-press-release-fda-requests-removal?utm_campaign=FDA%20MedWatch
.

One
of the Company’s U.S. subsidiaries and one Swiss subsidiary were initially named as a defendant in one class action complaint
in the Northern District of Illinois related to ranitidine (the “White Putative Class Action”), which was later transferred
to the Southern District of Florida as a related action in the ranitidine multidistrict litigation (“MDL”). Plaintiffs
in the White Putative Class Action do not allege that they have suffered any injury arising from the ingestion of the Company’s
ranitidine, but sought certification of a nationwide class of all individuals who used prescription or over-the-counter ranitidine
manufactured by the Company and who have not been diagnosed with cancer. The White Putative Class Action was dismissed without
prejudice as to the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and Swiss subsidiary on March 2, 2020.

One
of the Company’s U.S. subsidiaries has been named as a defendant, along with several other pharmaceutical manufacturers and
retailers, in seventeen individual injury lawsuits, which are part of the ranitidine MDL. All seventeen cases involve personal
injury allegations relating to the Plaintiff’s use of ranitidine. The lawsuits involve claims for design defect, failure
to warn, negligence, breach of express warranties, and breach of implied warranties. The plaintiffs in the various personal injury
lawsuits seek to recover unspecified compensatory damages, punitive damages, interest, and attorneys’ fees as allowed by
law. One of the Company’s U.S. subsidiaries was also named as a defendant, along with several other pharmaceutical manufacturers
and retailers, in a class action complaint, which is also part of the ranitidine MDL. The class action complaint does not allege
that plaintiffs suffered personal injuries by taking ranitidine, but rather that they suffered economic losses stemming from the
purchase of ranitidine, which was purportedly worth less than they paid due to the levels of NDMA contained therein.

Multiple
other putative class actions and individual injury lawsuits against other ranitidine manufacturers and sellers have been filed
and comprise the MDL. While various interested party filings have predicted thousands of ranitidine-related lawsuits will be filed,
it is not possible at this time to accurately predict the scope of the litigation as a whole or the extent of the Company’s
role or involvement in ranitidine-related litigation.

The
Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these claims. The Company believes that all of the aforesaid
complaints and asserted claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself against the allegations. Also, any liability
that may arise on account of these claims is unascertainable. Accordingly, no provision was made in these consolidated financial
statements of the Company.

Class
Action and Other Civil Litigation on Pricing/Reimbursement Matters

On
December 30, 2015 and on February 4, 2016, respectively, a class action complaint (the “First Pricing Complaint”) and
another complaint (not a class action) (the “Second Pricing Complaint”) were filed against the Company and eighteen
other pharmaceutical defendants in State Court in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. In these actions, the class action plaintiffs
allege that the Company and other defendants, individually or in some cases in concert with one another, have engaged in pricing
and price reporting practices in violation of various Pennsylvania state laws. More specifically, the plaintiffs allege that: (1)
the Company provided false and misleading pricing information to third party drug compendia companies for the Company’s generic
drugs, and such information was relied upon by private third party payers that reimbursed for drugs sold by the Company in the
United States, and (2) the Company acted in concert with certain other defendants to unfairly raise the prices of generic divalproex
sodium ER (bottle of 80, 500 mg tablets ER 24H) and generic pravastatin sodium (bottle of 500, 10 mg tablets).

199

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32. Contingencies (continued)

The
First Pricing Complaint was removed to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (the “E.D.P.A. Federal
Court”) and, pending the outcome of the First Pricing Complaint, the Second Pricing Complaint was stayed. On September 25,
2017, the E.D.P.A. Federal Court dismissed all the claims of the plaintiffs in the First Pricing Complaint and denied leave to
amend such complaint as futile. Subsequent to this decision, the plaintiffs’ right to appeal the dismissal of the First Pricing
Complaint expired.

Further,
on November 17, 2016, certain class action complaints were filed against the Company and a number of other pharmaceutical companies
as defendants in the E.D.P.A. Federal Court. Subsequently, these complaints were consolidated into one amended complaint as part
of a multi-district, multi-product litigation pending with the E.D.P.A. Federal Court. These complaints allege that the Company
and the other named defendants have engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and to allocate bids and customers in the sale of pravastatin
sodium tablets and divalproex sodium extended-release tablets in the United States.

In
March 2017, plaintiffs agreed by stipulation to dismiss Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Inc. and Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories
Limited from the actions related to pravastatin sodium tablets without prejudice. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends
to vigorously defend against these allegations.

In
response to the consolidated new complaint, the Company filed a motion to dismiss in October 2017. The plaintiffs filed opposition
to the motion to dismiss in December 2017 and a reply was filed by the Company in January 2018. In October 2018, the Court denied
the motion to dismiss on the grounds that the allegations pled leave open the possibility of conspiracy. Therefore, discovery will
proceed to look into this possibility.

The
Company believes that the asserted claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself against the allegations. Also
any liability that may arise on account of these claims is unascertainable. Accordingly, no provision was made in the consolidated
financial statements of the Company.

United
States Antitrust Multi-District Litigation

The
following cases against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., have been filed and are pending
and consolidated in
In re Generic Pharmaceutical Pricing Antitrust Litigation, MDL 2724, 14-MD-2724 (Eastern District of Pennsylvania)
,
Multi District Litigation (“MDL”) in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (“MDL-2724”):

a)
U.S.
States Attorneys General Antitrust Complaints:

On
October 30, 2017, the Attorneys General of forty-nine U.S. States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia,
filed an Amended Complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, against eighteen generic
pharmaceutical companies (including the Company’s U.S. subsidiary) with respect to fifteen generic drugs, alleging that the
Company’s U.S. subsidiary and the other named defendants engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and to allocate bids and customers
in the United States in the sale of the fifteen named drugs. The Company’s U.S. subsidiary is specifically named as a defendant
with respect to two generic drugs (meprobamate and zoledronic acid), and is named as an alleged co-conspirator on an alleged “overarching
conspiracy” with respect to the other thirteen generic drugs named. The Amended Complaint alleges violations of Section 1
of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1, and the consumer protection and antitrust laws of each of the jurisdictions that are plaintiffs.

The
Amended Complaint seeks injunctive relief, statutory penalties, punitive damages, and recovery of treble damages, plus attorney’s
fees and costs, against all named defendants on a joint and several basis, on behalf of the plaintiff jurisdictions and their citizens
and inhabitants. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against the claims asserted.

On
May 10, 2019, the Attorneys General of forty-nine U.S. States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia, filed
a Complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut against twenty-one generic pharmaceutical companies
(including the Company’s U.S. subsidiary) and fifteen individual defendants, with respect to 116 generic drugs, alleging
that the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and the other named defendants engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and to allocate bids
and customers in the United States in the sale of the 116 named drugs. Under the MDL rules, this action will be designated a related
“tag along” action and will be transferred to and become a part of the MDL-2724. The Company’s U.S. subsidiary
is specifically named as a defendant with respect to five generic drugs (ciprofloxacin HCL tablets, glimepiride tablets, oxaprozin
tablets, paricalcitol and tizanidine), and is named as an alleged co-conspirator on an alleged “overarching conspiracy”
with respect to the other thirteen generic drugs named. The Complaint alleges violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C.
§1, and the consumer protection and antitrust laws of each of the jurisdictions that are plaintiffs. The Complaint seeks injunctive
relief, statutory penalties, punitive damages, and recovery of treble damages, plus attorney’s fees and costs, against all
named defendants on a joint and several basis, on behalf of the plaintiff jurisdictions and their citizens and inhabitants. The
Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against the claims asserted.

b)
Divalproex
Antitrust Class Action Cases Filed by Direct Payor Plaintiffs, End Payor Plaintiffs and Indirect Reseller Plaintiffs Classes:

Since
November 17, 2016, certain class action complaints on behalf of Direct Purchaser Plaintiffs, Indirect Reseller Plaintiffs and End
Payor Plaintiffs classes were filed against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., and a number
of other pharmaceutical defendants in the United States District Court for the District of Pennsylvania alleging that the Company’s
U.S. subsidiary and the other named defendants have engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and to allocate bids and customers in
the sale of divalproex ER tablets in the United States.

200

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32.

Contingencies (continued)

The actions allege
violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1, and of state consumer protection and antitrust laws, and asserts
claims of unjust enrichment, under a total of thirty-one States and the District of Columbia. The actions seek injunctive relief
and recovery of treble damages, punitive damages, plus attorney’s fees and costs, on a joint and several basis, on behalf
of the plaintiff classes. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these class action claims.

 c)
Pravastatin Antitrust Class Action Cases Filed by Direct Payor Plaintiffs, End Payor Plaintiffs and Indirect Reseller Plaintiffs Classes:

Since November 17,
2016, certain class action complaints on behalf of Direct Purchaser Plaintiffs, Indirect Reseller Plaintiffs and End Payor Plaintiffs
classes were filed against the Company and a number of other pharmaceutical defendants in the United States District Court for
the District of Pennsylvania, alleging that the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and the other named defendants engaged in a conspiracy
to fix prices and to allocate bids and customers in the sale of pravastatin sodium tablets in the United States. The Company’s
U.S. subsidiary has been dismissed from these actions, without prejudice, in exchange for a tolling agreement with the plaintiffs
suspending the statute of limitations as to the claims asserted. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend
against these claims.

 d)
Antitrust “Overarching Conspiracy” Cases Filed by Direct Payor Plaintiffs, End Payor Plaintiffs and Indirect Reseller Plaintiffs Classes:

In June 2018, three
class action complaints were filed in the MDL-2724 by Direct Purchaser Plaintiffs, Indirect Resellers Plaintiffs and End Payor
Plaintiffs classes. All three complaints allege conspiracies in restraint of trade in violation of Sections 1 of the Sherman Act,
and violations of thirty-one State antitrust statutes and consumer protection statutes, and asserts claims of unjust enrichment
seeking injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages, punitive damages, attorney's fees and costs against all named defendants
on a joint and several basis. They allege an “overarching conspiracy” among the named defendants involving fifteen
drugs and, with slight variations, name approximately twenty-five generic pharmaceutical manufacturers including the Company’s
U.S. subsidiary, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc.

The drug-specific allegations
against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary involve two of the fifteen drugs, meprobamate and zoledronic acid. Plaintiffs also
allege that the Company’s U.S. subsidiary (as well as all other manufacturers named) were part of a larger “overarching
conspiracy” as to all of the drugs named in the complaints. The complaint alleges violations of Section 1 of the Sherman
Act, 15 U.S.C. §1, and violations of thirty-one States’ antitrust statutes and consumer protection statutes, and asserts
claims of unjust enrichment. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages, punitive damages, attorney's fees
and costs against all named defendants on a joint and several basis. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously
defend against these claims.

 e)
Antitrust Case Filed by The Kroger Co., Albertsons Companies, LLC, and H.E. Butt Grocery Company, L.P.:

On January 22, 2018,
each of the Kroger Co., Albertsons Companies, LLC, and H.E. Butt Grocery Company, L.P., filed a complaint against the Company’s
U.S. subsidiary and thirty-one other companies alleging that they had engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and to allocate bids
and customers in the United States in the sale of the thirty named generic drugs. The Company’s U.S. subsidiary is specifically
named as a defendant with respect to three generic drugs (divalproex ER, meprobamate and zoledronic acid), and is named as an alleged
co-conspirator on an alleged “overarching conspiracy” claim with respect to the other generic drugs named.

This action alleges
violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1, and seeks injunctive relief and recovery of treble damages, punitive
damages, plus attorney’s fees and costs, against all named defendants on a joint and several basis. The Company denies any
wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these class action claims.

 f)
Antitrust Case Filed by Humana Inc.:

On August 3, 2018,
Humana, Inc., filed a complaint against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and thirty-nine other companies alleging that they
had engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and to allocate bids and customers in the United States in the sale of twenty-nine named
generic drugs. The Company’s U.S. subsidiary is specifically named as a defendant with respect to one generic drugs (divalproex
ER), and is named as an alleged co-conspirator on an alleged “overarching conspiracy” claim with respect to the other
generic drugs named. The complaint alleges violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1, and violations of
thirty-one States’ antitrust statutes and consumer protection statutes, and asserts claims of unjust enrichment. The complaint
seeks injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages, punitive damages, attorney's fees and costs against all named defendants on
a joint and several basis. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these claims.

 g)
Antitrust Case Filed by Marion Diagnostic Center, LLC, and Marion Healthcare, LLC:

On September 25, 2018,
Marion Diagnostic Center, LLC, and Marion Healthcare, LLC, filed a complaint in the MDL-2724, on behalf of themselves and a class
of all direct purchasers from distributors, against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and twenty-two other defendants, including
a major distributor of pharmaceutical products, involving a total of sixteen generic drugs, alleging an “overarching conspiracy”
to fix prices and to rig bids and allocate customers with respect to sixteen generic drugs. The Company’s U.S. subsidiary
is specifically named with respect to two drugs: meprobamate and zoledronic acid. Plaintiffs also allege that the Company’s
U.S. subsidiary (as well as all other manufacturers named) were part of a larger “overarching conspiracy” as to all
of the drugs named in the complaints. The complaint alleges violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1,
and violations of twenty-four States’ antitrust statutes and consumer protection statutes, and asserts claims of unjust enrichment.
The complaint seeks injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages, punitive damages, attorney's fees and costs against all named
defendants on a joint and several basis. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these claims.

201

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32.

Contingencies (continued)

 h)
Antitrust Case Filed by United Healthcare Services, Inc.:

On January 16, 2019,
United Healthcare Services, Inc., filed a complaint against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and forty-two other defendants,
involving a total of thirty generic drugs, alleging an “overarching conspiracy” to fix prices and to rig bids and allocate
customers with respect to the thirty drugs. The Company’s U.S. subsidiary is specifically named with respect to four drugs:
divalproex ER, meprobamate, pravastatin and zoledronic acid. Plaintiffs also allege that the Company’s U.S. subsidiary (as
well as all other manufacturers named) were part of a larger “overarching conspiracy” as to all of the drugs named
in the complaints. The complaint alleges violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1, and violations of
the thirty States’ antitrust laws and consumer protection statutes, and asserts claims of unjust enrichment. The complaint
seeks injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages, punitive damages, and attorney's fees and cost against all defendants on a
joint and several basis. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these claims.

 i)
Pennsylvania Court of Common Pleas Praecipe For a Writ of Summons Filed by 87 End Payor Entities consisting of Blue Cross Blue Shield entities and other health insurance companies and HMO entities:

On July 19, 2019, a
Praecipe For a Writ of Summons for a tort action was filed in the Pennsylvania Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia County, First
Judicial District of Pennsylvania, Civil Trial Division, by 87 Blue Cross Blue Shield entities, and other health insurance companies
and HMO entities, against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and 69 other defendants (consisting of 51 other pharmaceutical companies
and 17 individuals). These 87 plaintiffs had been previously encompassed by the End Payor Plaintiff class actions in the MDL. Only
a Praecipe of Writ of Summons has been filed. No complaint has been filed and, therefore, the potential claims have not been asserted
or delineated in any manner, including what drugs any such claims may relate to. A complaint may, at some point, be filed encompassing
the claims asserted by the End Payor Plaintiffs in the MDL actions. On December 12, 2019, an Order of the Court of Common Pleas
placed the matter “in Deferred Status Pending Further Developments in Related Federal Multidistrict Litigation.” Because
no Complaint has been filed setting forth any claims, and because the action has been placed into Deferred Status, no response
is required by the Company’s subsidiary at this time.

 j)
Antitrust Case Filed by United Healthcare Services, Inc.:

On October 11, 2019,
United Healthcare Services, Inc. filed a second complaint (which substantially tracks the second complaint filed by the State Attorneys
General on May 10, 2019) against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and twenty-four other defendants in the United States District
Court for the District of Minnesota with respect to 116 generic drugs, alleging that the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and the
other named defendants engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and to allocate bids and customers in the United States in the sale
of the 116 named drugs. Under the MDL rules, this action will be designated a related “tag along” action and will be
transferred to and become a part of the MDL-2724. The Company’s U.S. subsidiary is specifically named as a defendant with
respect to five generic drugs (ciprofloxacin HCL tablets, glimepiride tablets, oxaprozin tablets, paricalcitol and tizanidine),
and is named as an alleged co-conspirator on an alleged “overarching conspiracy” with respect to the other generic
drugs named. The complaint alleges violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1, and violations of the Minnesota
antitrust laws and various other state antitrust and consumer protection laws, and asserts claims for unjust enrichment.

The complaint seeks
injunctive relief, statutory penalties, punitive damages, and recovery of treble damages, plus attorney’s fees and costs,
against all named defendants on a joint and several basis. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against
these claims.

 k)
Antitrust “Overarching Conspiracy” Cases Filed by Direct Payor Plaintiffs, End Payor Plaintiffs and Indirect Reseller Plaintiffs Classes:

On December 19, 2019,
a new class action complaint was filed by the End Payor Plaintiffs. The complaint alleges a conspiracy in restraint of trade in
violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1, and violations of twenty-eight States’ antitrust statutes and
twenty-nine States’ consumer protection statutes, and asserts claims of unjust enrichment. The complaint seeks injunctive
relief, recovery of treble damages, punitive damages, attorney’s fees and costs. The complaint alleges an “overarching
conspiracy” among the named defendants involving one hundred and thirty-five drugs and, with slight variations, names approximately
thirty-six generic pharmaceutical manufacturers, including the Company’s U.S. subsidiary.

The drug-specific allegations
against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary involve eight of the one hundred thirty-five drugs, including allopurinol, ciprofloxacin
HCL, fluconazone, glimepiride, oxaprozine, paricalcitol, ranitiding HCL and tizanidine. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends
to vigorously defend against these claims.

On December 19, 2019,
a new class action complaint was filed by certain pharmacy and hospital indirect purchaser plaintiffs. The complaint alleges a
conspiracy in restraint of trade in violation of Sections 1 and 3 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1 and §3, and violations
of forty-three States’ antitrust statutes and consumer protection statutes, and asserts claims of unjust enrichment. The
complaint seeks injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages, punitive damages, attorney’s fees and costs against all named
defendants on a joint and several basis. The complaint alleges an “overarching conspiracy” among the named defendants
involving one hundred and sixty-two drugs and, with slight variations, names approximately twenty-eight generic pharmaceutical
manufacturers, including the Company’s U.S. subsidiary, as well as seven pharmaceutical distributor defendants and sixteen
individual defendants.

The drug-specific allegations
against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary involve nineteen drugs: allopurinol, capecitabine, ciprofloxacin HCL, divalproex ER,
eszopiclone, fenofibrate, glimepiride, isotrotinoin, lamotrigine ER, meprobamate, metoprolol ER, montelukast granules, omeprazole
sodium bicarbonate, oxaprozine, paricalcitol, sumatriptan, tizanidine HCL, valganciclovir and zoledronic acid. The Company denies
any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these claims.

202

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32.

Contingencies (continued)

 l)
Antitrust Case Filed by Fourteen New York State Counties:

On December 19, 2019,
a new class action complaint was filed by certain pharmacy and hospital indirect purchaser plaintiffs. The complaint alleges a
conspiracy in restraint of trade in violation of Sections 1 and 3 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1 and §3, and violations
of forty-three States’ antitrust statutes and consumer protection statutes, and asserts claims of unjust enrichment. The
complaint seeks injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages, punitive damages, attorney’s fees and costs against all named
defendants on a joint and several basis. The complaint alleges an “overarching conspiracy” among the named defendants
involving one hundred and sixty-two drugs and, with slight variations, names approximately twenty-eight generic pharmaceutical
manufacturers, including the Company’s U.S. subsidiary as well as seven pharmaceutical distributor defendants and sixteen
individual defendants. The drug-specific allegations against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary involve nineteen drugs: allopurinol,
capecitabine, ciprofloxacin HCL, divalproex ER, eszopiclone, fenofibrate, glimepiride, isotrotinoin, lamotrigine ER, meprobamate,
metoprolol ER, montelukast granules, omeprazole sodium bicarbonate, oxaprozine, paricalcitol, sumatriptan, tizanidine HCL, valganciclovir
and zoledronic acid. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these claims.

 m)
Antitrust Case Filed by Health Care Services, Inc.:

On December 11, 2019,
Health Care Services, Inc. filed a complaint against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and thirty-eight other defendants, involving
a total of one hundred twenty-eight generic drugs, alleging an “overarching conspiracy” to fix prices and to rig bids
and allocate customers with respect to these drugs. The Company’s U.S. subsidiary is specifically named with respect to eight
drugs: ciprofloxacin HCL, divalproex ER, glimepiride, meprobamate, oxaprozine, paricalcitol, tizanidine and zoledronic acid. Plaintiffs
also allege that the Company’s U.S. subsidiary (as well as all other manufacturers named) were part of a larger “overarching
conspiracy” as to all of the drugs named in the complaint. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 1 and 2 of the Sherman
Act, 15 U.S.C. §1 and §2, and violations of thirty-one States’ antitrust laws and twenty-seven States’ consumer
protection statutes, and asserts claims of unjust enrichment. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages,
punitive damages, and attorney’s fees and costs against all defendants on a joint and several basis. The Company denies any
wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these claims.

 n)
Antitrust Case Filed by MSP Recovery Claims, Series LLC, MAO-MSO Recovery II, LLC, and MSPA Claims I, LLC (collectively “MSP Recovery”), as Assignees of certain Medicare Advantage Plans:

On December 16, 2019,
MSP Recovery filed a complaint against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and twenty-five other defendants, involving a total
of sixteen generic drugs, alleging an “overarching conspiracy” to fix prices and to rig bids and allocate customers
with respect to the sixteen drugs. The Company’s U.S. subsidiary is specifically named with respect to one drug: Divalproex
ER. Plaintiffs also allege that the Company’s U.S. subsidiary (as well as all other manufacturers named) were part of a larger
“overarching conspiracy” as to all of the drugs named in the complaint.

The complaint alleges
violations of Sections 1 and 3 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1 and §3, and violations of twenty-eight States’
antitrust laws and twenty-three States’ consumer protection statutes, and asserts claims of unjust enrichment. The complaint
seeks injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages, punitive damages, and attorney’s fees and costs against all defendants
on a joint and several basis. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these claims.

 o)
Antitrust Case Filed by Molina Healthcare Inc.:

On December 27, 2019,
Molina Healthcare Inc. filed a complaint against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and forty-one other defendants, involving
a total of one hundred twenty-eight generic drugs, alleging an “overarching conspiracy” to fix prices and to rig bids
and allocate customers with respect to these drugs. The Company’s U.S. subsidiary is specifically named with respect to eight
drugs: ciprofloxacin HCL, divalproex ER, glimepiride, meprobamate, oxaprozine, paricalcitol, tizanidine and zoledronic acid. Plaintiffs
also allege that the Company’s U.S. subsidiary (as well as all other manufacturers named) were part of a larger “overarching
conspiracy” as to all of the drugs named in the complaint. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 1 and 2 of the Sherman
Act, 15 U.S.C. §1 and §2, and violations of eleven States’ antitrust laws and consumer protection statutes, and
asserts claims of unjust enrichment. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages, punitive damages, and attorney’s
fees and costs against all defendants on a joint and several basis. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously
defend against these claims.

 p)
Antitrust Case Filed by Harris Countv, Texas:

On March 1, 2020, Harris
County, Texas filed a Complaint against the Company's U.S. Subsidiary and forty-two other defendants, involving a total of one
hundred twenty-eight generic drugs, alleging an "overarching conspiracy" to fix prices and to rig bids and allocate customers
with respect to the one hundred eighty-seven drugs. The case is in the process of being transferred to the MDL proceeding. The
Company's U.S. subsidiary is specifically named with respect to twenty drugs: allopurinol, amoxicillin, ciprofloxacin HCL, divalproex
ER, famotidine, fenofibrate, fluconazole, fluoxetine, glimepiride, glycopyrrolate, levalbuterol meprobamate, naproxen, ondansetron,
oxaprozine, pravastatin sodium, raloxifene HCL, ranitidine, tizanidine and zoledronic acid. Plaintiffs also allege that the Company's
U.S. subsidiary (as well as all other manufacturers named) were part of a larger "overarching conspiracy" as to all the
drugs named in the complaints. The Complaint alleges violations of Sections 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C. §1, violations
of twenty-eight State's antitrust laws, violations of the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act and Texas Free Enterprise and Antitrust
Act and asserts claims of unjust enrichment and civil conspiracy. The Complaint seeks injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages,
punitive damages, disgorgement, and attorney's fees and costs against all defendants on a joint and several basis. The Company
denies any wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these claims.

203

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32.

Contingencies (continued)

 q)
Pennsylvania Court of Common Pleas Praecipe For a Writ of Summons Filed by 7 End Payor Entities consisting of Blue Cross Blue Shield entities and other health insurance companies:

On May 6, 2020, a Praecipe
For a Writ of Summons for a tort action was filed in the Pennsylvania Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia County, First Judicial
District of Pennsylvania, Civil Trial Division, by 7 Blue Cross Blue Shield entities and other health insurance companies, against
the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and 69 other defendants (consisting of 51 other pharmaceutical companies and 17 individuals).
These 7 plaintiffs had been previously encompassed by the End Payor Plaintiff class actions in the MDL. Only a Praecipe of Writ
of Summons has been filed. No complaint has been filed and, therefore, the potential claims have not been asserted or delineated
in any manner, including what drugs any such claims may relate to. A complaint may, at some point, be filed encompassing the claims
asserted by the End Payor Plaintiff class actions in the MDL actions. It is anticipated that this action will be placed in Deferred
Status Pending Further Developments in the related MDL case. Because no Complaint has been filed setting forth any claims, and
because it is expected that the action will be placed into Deferred Status, no response is required by the Company’s subsidiary
at this time.

 r)
Antitrust Case Filed by Cigna Corp.:

On June 9, 2020, Cigna
Corp. filed a complaint against the Company’s U.S. subsidiary and forty-one other defendants, involving a total of one hundred
forty generic drugs, alleging an “overarching conspiracy” to fix prices and to rig bids and allocate customers with
respect to these drugs. The Company’s U.S. subsidiary is specifically named with respect to nine drugs: ciprofloxacin HCL,
divalproex ER, glimepiride, meprobamate, oxaprozine, paricalcitol, pravastatin, tizanidine and zoledronic acid. Plaintiffs also
allege that the Company’s U.S. subsidiary (as well as all other manufacturers named) were part of a larger “overarching
conspiracy” as to all of the drugs named in the complaint. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 1 and 2 of the Sherman
Act, 15 U.S.C. §1 and §2, and violations of thirty-one States’ antitrust laws and twenty-nine States’ consumer
protection statutes, and asserts claims of unjust enrichment. The complaint seeks injunctive relief, recovery of treble damages,
punitive damages, and attorney’s fees and costs against all defendants on a joint and several basis. The Company denies any
wrongdoing and intends to vigorously defend against these claims.

The Company believes
that the aforesaid asserted claims in subsections a) though r) above are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself
against the allegations. Also, any liability that may arise on account of these claims is unascertainable. Accordingly, no provision
was made in the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

Class Action under the Canadian Competition
Act filed in Federal Court in Toronto, Canada

On June 3, 2020, a
Class Action Statement of Claim was filed by an individual consumer in Federal Court in Toronto, Canada, against the Company’s
U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries and 52 other generic drug companies. The Statement of Claim alleges an industry-wide, overarching
conspiracy to violate Section 36 of the Canadian Competition Act by conspiring to allocate the market, fix prices, and maintain
the supply of generic drugs in Canada. The action is brought on behalf of a class of all persons, from January 1, 2012 to the present,
who purchased generic drugs in the private sector. The Statement of Claim specifically identifies 165 drugs that are the subject
of the action, and the Company’s subsidiaries are named as to 7 drugs consisting of the following: ciprofloxacin HCL tablets,
divalproex extended release, glimepiride tablets, meprobamate tablets, pravastatin sodium tablets, tizanidine, and zoledronic acid.
The Statement of Claim states that it seeks damages against all defendants on a joint and several basis, attorney’s fees
and costs of investigation and prosecution.

The Company believes
that the asserted claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself against the allegations. Any liability that
may arise on account of this claim is unascertainable. Accordingly, no provision was made in the consolidated financial statements
of the Company.

Civil litigation with Mezzion

On January 13, 2017,
Mezzion Pharma Co. Ltd. and Mezzion International LLC (collectively, “Mezzion”) filed a complaint in the New Jersey
Superior Court against the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary in the United States. The complaint pertains to the production
and supply of the active pharmaceutical ingredient (“API”) for udenafil (a patented compound) and an udenafil finished
dosage product during a period from calendar years 2007 to 2015. Mezzion alleges that the Company failed to comply with the U.S.
FDA’s current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP”) at the time of manufacture of the API and finished dosage
forms of udenafil and, consequently, that this resulted in a delay in the filing of a NDA for the product by Mezzion. In this regard,
the Company filed a motion to dismiss Mezzion’s complaint on the technical grounds that the Court lacks jurisdiction over
the Company. In January 2018, the Court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss the complaint on the jurisdictional matter.
The Company’s interlocutory appeal of said denial was also denied.

The Commercial Court,
Hyderabad has accepted the request of the Company to withdraw the suit, in view of the Court granting the Company’s motion
to file a counterclaim in the action.

The Company denies
any wrongdoing or liability in this regard, and intends to vigorously defend against the claims asserted in Mezzion’s complaint.
Any liability that may arise on account of this claim is unascertainable. Accordingly, no provision was made in the consolidated
financial statements of the Company.

204

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32.

Contingencies (continued)

Securities
Class Action Litigation

On August 25, 2017,
a securities class action lawsuit was filed against the Company, its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer in
the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. The Company’s Co-Chairman, its Chief Operating Officer,
and Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., were also subsequently named as defendants in the case. The operative complaint alleges
that the Company made false or misleading statements or omissions in its public filings, in violation of U.S. federal securities
laws, and that the Company’s share price dropped and its investors were affected. On May 9, 2018, the Company and other defendants
filed a motion to dismiss the complaint in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.

On June 25, 2018, the
plaintiffs filed an opposition to the motion to dismiss and, on July 25, 2018, a further reply in support of the motion to dismiss
was filed by the Company. In August 2018, oral argument on the motion to dismiss was heard by the Court.

On March 21, 2019,
the District Court issued its decision granting in part and denying in part the motion to dismiss. Pursuant to that decision, the
Court dismissed the plaintiffs claims with respect to seventeen out of the twenty two alleged misstatements and omissions.

On May 15, 2020, Dr.
Reddy’s Laboratories Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., and certain of the Company’s current or former
directors and officers have entered into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (the “Stipulation”) with lead plaintiff
the Public Employees’ Retirement System of Mississippi in the putative securities class action filed against the defendants
in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. As consideration for the settlement of the class action, the
Company has agreed to pay U.S.$9. The settlement is subject to the approval of the court and may be terminated prior to court approval
pursuant to the grounds for termination set forth in the Stipulation. Subject to the terms of the Stipulation, in exchange for
the settlement consideration, lead plaintiff and members of the settlement class who do not opt-out of this settlement would release,
among other things, the claims that were asserted, or that they could have asserted, in this class action. In entering into the
settlement, the defendants do not admit, and explicitly deny, any liability or wrongdoing of any kind.

Subject to the terms
of the Stipulation, the settlement resolves the remainder of the litigation.

As the Company is adequately
insured with respect to the aforesaid liability, the settlement did not have any impact on the Company’s consolidated income
statement for the year ended March 31, 2020.

The amount payable
to the plaintiffs on account of the settlement and the corresponding receivable from the insurer have been presented under “other
current assets” and “other current liabilities”, respectively, in the consolidated statement of financial position
of the Company as at March 31, 2020.

Glenmark Litigation

In November 2017, the
Company received a letter from Glenmark Farmaceutica Ltda and Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Limited (collectively “Glenmark”)
for invocation of arbitration under a distribution agreement and a deed of assignment relating to a product between the Company
and Glenmark. Glenmark alleged that the non-supply of the product by the Company severely affected the value of the intellectual
property and goodwill and asserted claims to recover the loss along with interest and penalties from the Company.

In March 2018, an arbitrator
was appointed by the Supreme Court of India at Glenmark’s request. In July 2018, Glenmark filed a claim statement against
the Company and in September 2018, the Company filed a reply against the claim along with a counterclaim.

Glenmark filed a reply
to the counter claim of the Company in November 2018 and the issues were finalized. Inspection of documents along with the filing
of the statement of admissions and denials was completed in December 2018.The Company was asked to submit the list of witnesses
by March 5, 2019.

Affidavits in chief
examination were filed by witnesses of the Company and Glenmark. The cross examination of the witnesses of Glenmark was completed
and that of the Company commenced and continued in November and December 2019. The parties have agreed to settle the disputes for
an amount of Rs.50 payable by the Company to Glenmark.

Accordingly, during
the three months ended December 31, 2019, the Company recognized the provision of Rs.50 representing the probable outflow on account
of settlement of litigation. Such provision is recognized as part of “Selling, general and administrative expenses”.

The Settlement Deed
entered into between the parties was confirmed as an arbitral award dated February 11, 2020 by the arbitrator and the issue remains
closed.

Other matters

Civil Investigative
Demand from the Office of the Attorney General, State of Texas

On or about November
10, 2014, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., one of the Company’s subsidiaries in the United States, received a Civil
Investigative Demand (“CID”) from the Office of the Attorney General, State of Texas (the “Texas AG”) requesting
certain information, documents and data regarding sales and price reporting in the U.S. marketplace of certain products for the
period of time between January 1, 1995 and the date of the CID. The Company responded to all of the Texas AG’s requests to
date, and it understands that the investigation is continuing.

205

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32.

Contingencies (continued)

Subpoena duces tecum from the Office
of the Attorney General, California

On November 3, 2014,
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. received a subpoena duces tecum to appear before the Office of the Attorney General, California
(the “California AG”) and produce records and documents relating to the pricing of certain products. A set of five
interrogatories related to pricing practices was served as well. On July 18, 2016, the California AG sent a letter to inform Dr.
Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. that, in light of the information which had been provided, no further information would be requested
at such time in response to this subpoena.

Subpoenas from the U.S. Department of
Justice (“DOJ”) and the office of the Attorney General for the State of Connecticut

On July 6, 2016 and
August 7, 2016, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. received subpoenas from the DOJ (Anti-trust Division) and the office of the
Attorney General for the State of Connecticut, respectively, seeking information relating to the marketing, pricing and sale of
certain of our generic products and any communications with competitors about such products. On May 15, 2018, another subpoena
was served on Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. by the DOJ (False Claims Division) seeking similar information. The Company
has been cooperating, and intends to continue to fully cooperate, with these inquiries.

Civil Investigative Demand from the
Civil Division of the DOJ

On May 15, 2018, Dr.
Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. received a Civil Investigative Demand from the Civil Division of the DOJ, enquiring whether there
have been any violations of the U.S. False Claims Act. This query arose from allegations that generic pharmaceutical manufacturers,
including us, have engaged in market allocation or price fixing agreements, or paid illegal remuneration, and caused false claims
to be submitted in violation of the U.S. False Claims Act. The Company has been cooperating, and intends to continue to fully cooperate
with the DOJ in responding to the demand and cooperate with the investigation.

Environmental matters

Land pollution

The Indian Council
for Environmental Legal Action filed a writ in 1989 under Article 32 of the Constitution of India against the Union of India and
others in the Supreme Court of India for the safety of people living in the Patancheru and Bollaram areas of Medak district of
the then existing undivided state of Andhra Pradesh. The Company has been named in the list of polluting industries. In 1996, the
Andhra Pradesh District Judge proposed that the polluting industries compensate farmers in the Patancheru, Bollaram and Jeedimetla
areas for discharging effluents which damaged the farmers’ agricultural land. The compensation was fixed at Rs.0.0013 per
acre for dry land and Rs.0.0017 per acre for wet land. Accordingly, the Company has paid a total compensation of Rs.3. The Andhra
Pradesh High Court disposed of the writ petition on February 12, 2013 and transferred the case to the National Green Tribunal (“NGT”),
Chennai, India. The interim orders passed in the writ petitions will continue until the matter is decided by the NGT. The NGT has,
through its order dated October 30, 2015, constituted a Fact Finding Committee.

The NGT has also permitted
the alleged polluting industries to appoint a person on their behalf in the Fact Finding Committee. However, the Company, along
with the alleged polluting industries, has challenged the constitution and composition of the Fact Finding Committee. The NGT has
directed that until all the applications challenging the constitution and composition of the Fact Finding Committee are disposed
of, the Fact Finding Committee shall not commence its operation.

The NGT, Chennai in
a judgment dated October 24, 2017, disposed of the matter. The Bulk Drug Manufacturers Association of India (“BDMAI”),
in which the Company is a member, subsequently filed a review petition against the judgment on various aspects.

The NGT, Delhi, in
a judgment dated November 16, 2017 in another case in which the Company is not a party, stated that the moratorium imposed in the
Patancheru and Bollaram areas shall continue until the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change passes an order keeping
in view the needs of the environment and public health. The Company filed an appeal challenging this judgment.

The High Court of Hyderabad
heard the Company’s appeal challenging this judgment in July 2018 and directed the respondents to file their response within
a period of four weeks. During the three months ended September 30, 2018, the respondents filed counter affidavits and the matter
has now been adjourned for final hearing.

The appeal came up
for hearing before the High Court of Hyderabad on October 25, 2018 and has been adjourned for further hearing.

On April 24, 2019,
based upon the judgment of the NGT, Chennai dated October 24, 2017, the Government of Telangana has issued GO.Ms. No. 24 of 2019
that allows for expansion of production of all kinds of existing industrial units located within the stretch of Patancheru –
Bollaram upon depositing an amount equivalent to 1% of the annual turnover of the respective unit for the concluded fiscal year
i.e., March 31, 2019. Accordingly, the Company made a provision of Rs.29.4, representing the probable cost of expansion, during
the year ended March 31, 2019.

During the three months
ended September, 2019, the Telangana State Pollution Control Board (“TSPCB”) has issued Operational Guidelines basis
the NGT, Chennai Order dated October 24, 2017, G.O.Ms. No. 24 dated April 24, 2019 and G.O.Ms. No. 31 dated May 24, 2019 and sought
to recover retrospectively an amount of 0.5% of the annual turnover from the fiscal years 2016-2017 to 2018-2019 for all the industrial
units situated in Patancheru and Bollaram for the purposes of restoration of the said effected area. The Company has four industrial
units situated in Patancheru and Bollaram. The Consent For Operation (“CFO”) for change of product mix application
filed by one of the industrial unit of the Company has been recommended for issuance of CFO with change of product mix only upon
payment of 0.5% of the annual turnover from the fiscal years 2016-2017 to 2018-2019 to the TSPCB. The Company intends to vigorously
defend itself against the Operational Guidelines.

206

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32.

Contingencies (continued)

In November 2019, demand
notices were issued by the TSPCB for collection of Corpus Fund of 0.5 % as remediation fee on the previous year turnover as per
Operational Guidelines dated August 3, 2019 issued by TSPCB under the guise of G.O.Ms No. 24 dated April 24, 2019 and G.O.Ms No.
31 dated May 24, 2019 and basis the judgment of NGT, Chennai dated October 24, 2017 for the fiscal years 2015-2016 to 2018-2019
received by CTO-1, CTO-2 and CTO-3 of the Company.

On November 22, 2019,
The Hon’ble High Court of Judicature at Hyderabad issued an Interim Order which stayed the demand on the condition that the
Company deposit Rs.60 as the remediation fee for the fiscal year 2018-2019 payable in the fiscal year 2019-2020. The deposit of
Rs.60 was made and the Interim Order is continuing. The matter was adjourned to April 22, 2020 but has been delayed as a result
of the closure of the Court due to the COVID-19 lockdown, and a new date has not yet been rescheduled.

The Company believes
that any additional liability that might arise in this regard is not probable. Accordingly, no provision relating to these claims
has been made in the financial statements.

Water pollution
and air pollution

During the year ended
March 31, 2012, the Company, along with 14 other companies, received a notice from the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board (the
“APP Control Board”) to show cause as to why action should not be initiated against them for violations under the Indian
Water Pollution Act and the Indian Air Pollution Act. Furthermore, the APP Control Board issued orders to the Company to (i) stop
production of all new products at the Company’s manufacturing facilities in Hyderabad, India without obtaining a “Consent
for Establishment”, (ii) cease manufacturing products at such facilities in excess of certain quantities specified by the
APP Control Board and (iii) furnish a bank guarantee to assure compliance with the APP Control Board’s orders.

The Company appealed
the APP Control Board orders to the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Appellate Board (the “APP Appellate Board”). The APP Appellate
Board, on the basis of a report of a fact-finding advisory committee, recommended to the Andhra Pradesh Government to allow expansion
of units fully equipped with Zero-Liquid Discharge (“ZLD”) facilities and otherwise found no fault with the Company
(on certain conditions).

The APP Appellate Board’s
decision was challenged by one of the petitioners that was pending in the National Green Tribunal, (the “NGT”), Delhi.

Separately, the Andhra
Pradesh Government, following recommendations of the APP Appellate Board, published a notification in July 2013 that allowed expansion
of production of all types of existing bulk drug and bulk drug intermediate manufacturing units subject to the installation of
ZLD facilities and the outcome of cases pending in the NGT. Importantly, the notification directed pollution load of industrial
units to be assessed at the point of discharge (if any) as opposed to the point of generation.

In September 2013,
the Ministry of Environment and Forests, based on the revised Comprehensive Environment Pollution Index, issued a notification
that re-imposed a moratorium on expansion of industries in certain areas where some of the Company’s manufacturing facilities
are located. This notification overrides the Andhra Pradesh Government’s notification that conditionally permitted expansion.

The appeals filed by
Mr. K. Chidambaram against the Orders of the Appellate Authority, Andhra Pradesh are disposed off as the same do not survive for
consideration as the G.O. based on which the then APPCB had passed its order which was subject matter of appeal before the Appellate
Authority has itself been amended vide order July 25, 2013. However, the NGT, Delhi has passed a direction for the issue of pollution
to be considered by the Joint Committee of Central Pollution Control Board, National Environmental Engineering Institute (“NEERI”),
and the Telangana State Pollution Control Board to ascertain the present status of pollution issues in the Medak, Ranga Reddy,
Mahaboobnagar and Nalagonda districts in the State of Telangana particularly in the Patancheru and Bollaram industrial clusters
and file a report within three months before the NGT, Delhi.

Fuel Surcharge Adjustments

The Andhra Pradesh
Electricity Regulatory Commission (the “APERC”) passed various orders approving the levy of Fuel Surcharge Adjustment
(“FSA”) charges for the period from April 1, 2008 to March 31, 2013 by power distribution companies from all the consumers
of electricity in the then existing undivided state of Andhra Pradesh, India where the Company’s headquarters and principal
manufacturing facilities are located. Separate writ petitions filed by the Company for various periods, challenging and questioning
the validity and legality of this levy of FSA charges by the APERC, are pending before the High Court of Andhra Pradesh and the
Supreme Court of India.

The total amount approved
by APERC for collection by the power distribution companies from the Company in respect of FSA charges for the period from April 1, 2008
to March 31, 2013 is Rs.482. After taking into account all of the available information and legal provisions, the Company has recorded
Rs.219 as the potential liability towards FSA charges. However, the Company has paid, under protest, an amount of Rs.354 as demanded
by the power distribution companies as part of monthly electricity bills. The Company remains exposed to additional financial liability
should the orders passed by the APERC be upheld by the Courts.

During the three months
ended June 30, 2016, the Supreme Court of India dismissed the Special Leave Petition filed by the Company in this regard for the
period from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013. As a result, for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, the Company recognized
an expenditure of Rs.55 (by de-recognizing the payments under protest) representing the FSA charges for the period from April 1,
2012 to March 31, 2013.

207

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32.

Contingencies (continued)

Direct taxes related matters

The Company is contesting
various disallowances by the Indian Income Tax authorities. The associated tax impact for disallowances being more likely than
not to be accepted by Tax authorities is Rs.2,291, and accordingly, no provision is made in these financial statements as of March 31,
2020.

During the years ended
March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, Industrias Quimicas Falcon de Mexico, S.A. de CV, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Mexico,
received a notice from Mexico's Tax Administration Service,
Servicio de Administracion Tributaria
 (“SAT”), with
respect to disallowance on account of transfer pricing adjustments pertaining to the calendar years ended December 31, 2006, December
31, 2007 and December 31, 2008. The associated tax impact is Rs.686 (MXN 213) and profit share impact is Rs.81 (MXN 25). The Company
filed administrative appeals with the SAT by challenging these disallowances and, during February and March 2017, the Company received
orders of the SAT confirming these disallowances by dismissing its administrative appeals. The Company disagrees with the SAT’s
disallowances and filed an appeal with the Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa (Federal Tax and Administrative Court of
Mexico) in March and April 2017. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that it would prevail over the SAT in this
litigation. Accordingly, no provision has been made in these consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2020.

Indirect taxes related matters

Distribution of input service tax credits

The Central Excise
Authorities have issued various demand notices to the Company objecting to the Company’s methodology of distributing input
service tax credits claimed for one of the Company’s facilities. The below table shows the details of each such demand notice,
the amount demanded and the current status of the Company’s responsive actions.

Period covered under the notice   Amount demanded   Status
March 2008 to September 2009   Rs.102 plus penalties of Rs.102 and interest   Refer to below footnote (1)
October 2009 to March 2011   Rs.125 plus penalties of Rs.100 and interest   Refer to below footnote (1)
April 2011 to March 2012   Rs.51 plus penalties of Rs.5 and interest   Refer to below footnote (1)
April 2012 to March 2013   Rs.54 plus penalties of Rs.5 and interest   Refer to below footnote (1)
April 2013 to March 2014   Rs.69 plus penalties of Rs.6 and interest   Refer to below footnote (1)
April 2014 to March 2015   Rs.108 plus penalties of Rs.11 and interest   Refer to below footnote (1)
April 2015 to March 2016   Rs.157 plus interest and penalties   Refer to below footnote (2)
April 2016 to June 2017   Rs.307 plus interest and penalties   Refer to below footnote (2)

(1)   Pursuant to the appeal before Customs, Excise and Service Tax Appellate Tribunal, Hyderabad (“CESTAT”),
the CESTAT has passed the order during the year in favor of the Company by setting aside the demand notices of the Central Excise
Authorities as unsustainable.

(2)   Principal Commissioner of Central Tax has passed the order confirming the tax demand. The Company
is in the process of filing the appeal against such order. Based on the judicial precedence in its own case and also on the merit
of the case, the Company believes that the likelihood of any liability that may arise on account of the allegedly inappropriate
distribution of input service tax credits is not probable. Accordingly, no provision relating to these claims has been made in
these consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2020.

Value Added Tax (“VAT”)
matter

The Company has received
various demand notices from the Government of Telangana’s Commercial Taxes Department objecting to the Company’s methodology
of calculation of VAT input credit. The below table shows the details of each of such demand notice, the amount demanded and the
current status of the Company’s responsive actions.

Period covered under the notice   Amount demanded   Status
April 2006 to March 2009   Rs.66 plus 10% penalty   The State VAT Appellate Tribunal has remanded the matter to the assessing authority to re-compute the eligibility and penalty orders are set-aside. The Company filed appeal against the same with the High Court, Telangana.
April 2009 to March 2011   Rs.59 plus 10% penalty   The Company has filed an appeal before the Sales Tax Appellate Tribunal. The matter was remanded to the original adjudicating authority with a direction to re-calculate the eligibility for the year ended March 31, 2010.
April 2011 to March 2014   Rs.27 plus 10% penalty   The Appellate Deputy Commissioner issued an order partially in favor of the Company

208

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

32.

Contingencies (continued)

The Company has recorded
a provision of Rs.51 as of March 31, 2020 and believes that the likelihood of any further liability that may arise on account of
the ongoing litigation is not probable.

Notices from Commissioner of Goods and
Services Tax, India

In the months of November
2019 and January 2020, the Commissioner of Goods and Services Tax, India issued notices to the Company alleging that the Company
has irregularly availed input tax credit of Rs.337. The Company is in the process of responding to the notices. The Company believes
that it has correctly distributed and availed the input tax credit within the provisions of the applicable act.

The Company has recorded
a provision of Rs.26 as on March 31,2020 and believes that the likelihood of any further liability that may arise on account of
the allegedly inappropriate claims to credits is not probable. Accordingly, no further provision was made in these consolidated
financial statements.

Others

Additionally, the Company
is in receipt of various demand notices from the Indian Sales and Service Tax authorities. The disputed amount is Rs.319. The Company
has responded to such demand notices and believes that the chances of any liability arising from such notices are less than probable.
Accordingly, no provision is made in these consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2020.

Others

Additionally, the Company
is involved in other disputes, lawsuits, claims, governmental and/or regulatory inspections, inquiries, investigations and proceedings,
including patent and commercial matters that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Except as discussed above,
the Company does not believe that there are any such contingent liabilities that are expected to have any material adverse effect
on its consolidated financial statements.

33.

Collaboration agreement with Curis, Inc.

On January 18, 2015,
Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited ("Aurigene"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the parent company, entered into a
Collaboration, License and Option Agreement (the "Collaboration Agreement") with Curis, Inc. ("Curis") to discover,
develop and commercialize small molecule antagonists for immuno-oncology and precision oncology targets.

Under the Collaboration
Agreement, Aurigene has the responsibility for conducting all discovery and preclinical activities, including Investigational New
Drug ("IND") enabling studies and providing Phase 1 clinical trial supply, and Curis is responsible for all clinical
development, regulatory and commercialization efforts worldwide, excluding India and Russia. The Collaboration Agreement provides
that the parties will collaborate exclusively in immuno-oncology for an initial period of approximately two years, with the option
for Curis to extend the broad immuno-oncology exclusivity.

As partial consideration
for the collaboration, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement dated January 18, 2015, Curis issued to Aurigene 17.1 million shares
of its common stock, representing 19.9% of its outstanding common stock immediately prior to the transaction (approximately 16.6%
of its outstanding common stock immediately after the transaction). Such shares were initially subject to a lock-up agreement.
However, as of March 31, 2017, lock-up restrictions were released on all of the aforementioned 17.1 million shares.

In connection with
the issuance of such shares, Curis and Aurigene entered into a Registration Rights Agreement dated January 18, 2015 which provides
for certain registration rights with respect to resale of the shares. The common stock of Curis is listed for quotation on the
NASDAQ Global Market.

The fair value of the
shares of Curis common stock on the date of the Stock Purchase Agreement was Rs.1,452 (U.S.$23.5).

Revenues under the
Collaboration Agreement consist of upfront consideration (including the shares of Curis common stock) and the development and commercial
milestone payments described below, which are deferred and recognized as revenue over the period for which Aurigene has continuing
performance obligations.

Under the Collaboration
Agreement, Aurigene is entitled to development and commercial milestone payments as follows:

·   for the first two programs: up to U.S.$52.5 per program, including U.S.$42.5 for approval and commercial
milestones, plus pre-specified approval milestone payments for additional indications, if any;

·   for the third and fourth programs: up to U.S.$50 per program, including U.S.$42.5 for approval
and commercial milestones, plus pre-specified approval milestone payments for additional indications, if any; and

·   for any program thereafter: up to U.S.$140.5 per program, including U.S.$87.5 for approval and
commercial milestones, plus pre-specified approval milestone payments for additional indications, if any.

In addition, Curis
has agreed to pay Aurigene royalties, ranging between high single digits to 10%, on its net sales in territories where it commercializes
products. Furthermore, Aurigene is entitled to receive a share of Curis’ revenues from sublicenses, which share varies based
upon specified factors such as the sublicensed territory, whether the sublicense revenue is royalty based or non-royalty based
and, in some cases, the stage of the applicable molecule and product at the time the sublicense is granted.

209

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

33.

Collaboration agreement with Curis, Inc. (continued)

On September 7, 2016,
the Collaboration Agreement was amended to provide for the issuance to Aurigene of approximately 10.2 million additional shares
of Curis common stock in lieu of receiving up to U.S.$24.5 of milestone and other payments from Curis that could have become due
under the Collaboration Agreement. These shares of Curis common stock are recorded at U.S.$1.84 per share, which is equal to the
market price of such shares of common stock on the date of issuance, amounting to an aggregate market value of Rs.1,247 (U.S.$18.8).

These additional shares
are also subject to a lock-up agreement, which is similar to the lock-up for the original Curis shares the Company received. However,
this lock-up remains effective until September 7, 2018, with shares being released from such lock-up in 25% increments on each
of March 7, 2017, September 7, 2017, March 7, 2018 and September 7, 2018, subject to acceleration of release of all the shares
in connection with a change of control of Curis. As of March 31, 2019, lock-up restrictions were released on an aggregate of 10.2
million of such additional shares of Curis common stock, representing 100% of the shares which Aurigene received from Curis in
2016.

In May 2018, Curis
completed a 1-for-5 reverse stock split of its common stock. After giving effect to such stock split, the total number of Curis
equity shares held by the Company is 5.47 million.

The Company has evaluated
the transaction under IAS 28, “Investments in associates and Joint Ventures,” and believes that the Company does not
have any significant influence with respect to Curis. Accordingly, all of the shares of Curis common stock are classified as instruments
at FVTOCI. Accordingly, loss of Rs.2,407 arising from changes in the fair value of such shares of common stock was recognized in
other comprehensive income as of March 31, 2020.

34.

Update on the warning letter from the U.S. FDA

The Company received
a warning letter dated November 5, 2015 from the U.S. FDA relating to current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMPs”)
deviations at its active pharmaceutical ingredient (“API”) manufacturing facilities at Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh and
Miryalaguda, Telangana, as well as violations at its oncology formulation manufacturing facility at Duvvada, Visakhapatnam, Andhra
Pradesh. The contents of the warning letter emanated from Form 483 observations that followed inspections of these sites by the
U.S. FDA in November 2014, January 2015 and February-March 2015.

Tabulated below are
the further updates with respect to the aforementioned sites:

Month and year   Update
February, March and April 2017   The U.S. FDA completed the re-inspection of the aforementioned manufacturing facilities. During the re-inspections, the U.S. FDA issued three observations with respect to the API manufacturing facility at Miryalaguda, two observations with respect to the API manufacturing facility at Srikakulam and thirteen observations with respect to the Company’s oncology formulation manufacturing facility at Duvvada.
June 2017   The U.S. FDA issued an Establishment Inspection Report (“EIR”) which indicated that the inspection of the Company’s API manufacturing facility at Miryalaguda was successfully closed.
November 2017   The Company received EIRs from the U.S. FDA for the oncology manufacturing facility at Duvvada which indicated that the inspection status of this facility remained unchanged.
February 2018   The Company received EIRs from the U.S. FDA for API manufacturing facility at Srikakulam which indicated that the inspection status of this facility remained unchanged.
June 2018   The Company requested the U.S. FDA to schedule a re-inspection of the oncology formulation manufacturing facility at Duvvada.
October 2018   The re-inspection was completed for the oncology formulation manufacturing facility at Duvvada and the U.S. FDA issued a Form 483 with eight observations.
November 2018   The Company responded to the observations identified by the U.S. FDA for the oncology formulation manufacturing facility at Duvvada in October 2018.
February 2019   The U.S. FDA issued an EIR indicating successful closure of the audit of the oncology formulation manufacturing facility at Duvvada.

With respect to the
API manufacturing facility at Srikakulam, subsequent to the receipt of EIR in February 2018, the Company was asked, in October
2018, to carry out certain detailed investigations and analyses and the Company submitted the results of the investigations and
analyses. As part of the review of the response by the U.S. FDA, certain additional follow on queries were received by the Company,
and the Company responded to all such queries in January 2019.

In February 2019, the
Company received certain other follow on questions from the U.S. FDA and the Company responded to these questions in March
2019. The U.S. FDA completed the audit on January 28, 2020. The Company was issued a Form 483 with 5 observations and responded
to the observations in February 2020. In May 2020, the Company received an EIR from the U.S. FDA, for the above-referred facility,
indicating closure of the audit and classifying the inspection of this facility as Voluntary Action Indicated (“VAI”).
With this, all facilities under warning letter are now determined as VAI.

210

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

34.

Update on the warning letter from the U.S. FDA (continued)

Inspection of other facilities:

Tabulated below are
the details of the U.S. FDA inspections at other facilities of the Company carried out during the fiscal years ended March 31,
2019 and 2020:

Located in India

Month and year   Unit   Details of observations
June 2018   API Srikakulam Plant (SEZ)   No observations were noted. An EIR indicating the closure of audit for this facility was issued by the U.S. FDA in August 2018.
November 2018   Formulations Srikakulam Plant (SEZ) Unit II   No observations were noted. An EIR indicating the closure of audit for this facility was issued by the U.S. FDA in February 2019.
January 2019   Formulations Srikakulam Plant (SEZ) Unit I   Four observations were noted. The Company responded to the observations and an EIR indicating the closure of audit for this facility was issued by the U.S. FDA in April 2019.
January 2019   API manufacturing Plant at Miryalaguda, Nalgonda   One observation was noted. The Company responded to the observation. In May 2019, an EIR was issued by the U.S. FDA indicating the
        closure of audit and the inspection classification of the facility was determined as VAI.
January 2019   Formulations manufacturing facility at Bachupally, Hyderabad   Eleven observations were noted. The Company responded to the
        observations in January 2019. In April 2019, an EIR was issued by the U.S. FDA indicating
        the closure of audit and the inspection classification of the facility was determined as VAI.
March 2019   Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited, Hyderabad   No observations noted. In June 2019, the Company received an EIR from the U.S. FDA
        indicating the closure of audit for this facility.
June 2019   Formulations manufacturing plants, Duvvada {Vizag SEZ plant 1 (FTO VII) and Vizag SEZ plant 2(FTO IX)}   Two observations were noted. The Company responded to the observations. In September 2019, an EIR was issued by the U.S. FDA indicating
        the closure of audit of these facilities.
July 2019   API Hyderabad plant 2, Bollaram, Hyderabad   Five observations were noted during U.S. FDA inspection. The
        Company responded to the observations in August 2019. In October 2019, an EIR was issued by the U.S. FDA indicating
        the closure of audit and the inspection classification of the facility was determined as VAI.
August 2019   Formulations manufacturing plants, (Vizag SEZ plant 1), Duvvada,
        Visakhapatnam (FTO VII)   Eight observations were noted. The Company responded to the
        observations in September 2019 and is awaiting an EIR. In February 2020, an EIR was issued by the U.S. FDA indicating
        the closure of audit and the inspection classification of the facility was determined as VAI.
August 2019   Formulations manufacturing facility at Shreveport, Louisiana, U.S.A   No observations were noted. In October 2019, an EIR was issued by the U.S. FDA indicating
        the closure of the audit and the inspection classification of the facility was determined as No Action Initiated (“NAI”).
October 2019   API Srikakulam plant (SEZ), Andhra Pradesh   Four observations were noted. The Company responded to the observations
        in November 2019. In May 2020, an EIR was issued by the U.S. FDA indicating the
        closure of the audit.
February 2020   Formulations Srikakulam Plant (SEZ) Unit I   No observations were noted. In May 2020, an EIR was issued by the U.S. FDA indicating the
        closure of the audit and the inspection classification of the facility was determined as NAI.
February 2020   Formulations manufacturing facility at Bachupally, Hyderabad (FTO Unit III)   One observation was noted. The Company responded to the observation in March 2020. In May 2020, an EIR was issued by the U.S. FDA indicating the closure of the audit.

211

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

34.

Update on the warning letter from the U.S. FDA (continued)

Month and year   Unit   Details of observations
February 2020   Integrated Product Development Organization (IPDO) at Bachupally, Hyderabad   No observation was noted. In May 2020, an EIR was issued by the U.S. FDA indicating the
        closure of the audit and the inspection classification of the facility was determined as NAI.
March 2020   API manufacturing Plant at Miryalaguda, Nalgonda   Three observations were noted. The Company responded to the
        observations in March 2020. In April 2020, an EIR was issued by the U.S. FDA indicating
        the closure of audit and the inspection classification of the facility was determined as VAI.

35.

Inspection by the regulatory authority of Bavaria, Germany

In August 2017, the
Company’s German subsidiary betapharm Arzneimittel GmbH received a letter from a regulatory authority of Bavaria, Germany
(the Regierung von Oberbayern, which is the Central Authority for Supervision of Medicinal Products in Bavaria of the Upper Bavarian
government) (the “Regulator”), that the GMP compliance certificate for the Company’s formulations manufacturing
facility at Bachupally, Hyderabad was not renewed as the result of GMP compliance deviations identified in an inspection. Consequently,
this manufacturing facility was not permitted to export products to the European Union (the “EU”) until satisfactory
resolution of the issues identified in the inspection and renewal of the facility’s GMP compliance certificate. The manufacturing
facility was re-inspected in January 2018 and the status of non-compliance was withdrawn. The facility is now permitted to dispatch
approved products to the EU.

Furthermore, in September
2017, the Regulator concluded an inspection of the Company’s formulations manufacturing facility at Duvvada, Visakhapatnam,
with zero critical and six major observations. Products manufactured at the facility are not currently exported to the EU. The
Company submitted a Corrective and Preventive Action Plan (“CAPA”) to the Regulator. The Regulator accepted it and
permitted the Company to start production from this facility for the EU market.

In November 2018, the
Regulator concluded the follow-on inspection of the manufacturing facility at Duvvada, which is now considered compliant and its
EU-GMP certification continues to remain active with one specific exclusion of a new product. The Company submitted a Corrective
and Preventive Action Plan (“CAPA”) to the Regulator to address the remaining issues affecting this excluded product.

In March 2019, the
facility was re-inspected by the Regulator and considered to be fully compliant.

36.

Agreements with Encore Dermatology, Inc.

During the year ended March 31, 2019

The Company entered
into an agreement with Encore Dermatology, Inc. (“Encore”) for the sale and assignment of its U.S. rights relating
to its dermatology brands, Sernivo® (betamethasone dipropionate) Spray 0.05%, Promiseb® Topical Cream and Trainex®
0.05% (triamcinolone acetonide ointment, USP).

All the performance
obligations were satisfied by March 31, 2019, and accordingly the Company recognized Rs.1,807 as revenue and Rs.159 representing
the profit on sale of intangible assets as other income, after adjusting the associated costs. This transaction pertains to the
Company’s Proprietary Products segment.

During the year ended March 31, 2018

During the year ended
March 31, 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with Encore for out-licensing one of its products, DFD-06. The consideration
for this arrangement consists of up to Rs.1,301 (U.S.$20) in upfront payments and amounts contingent upon satisfaction of certain
approval milestones, plus up to U.S.$12.5 contingent upon satisfaction of certain patent and commercial milestones. In addition,
the Company is entitled to royalties on net sales. During the three months ended December 31, 2017, all of the performance obligations
relating to the approval milestones were met, and consequently, revenue of Rs.1,301 (U.S.$20) was recognized.

37.

Definitive agreement with Upsher-Smith Laboratories, LLC

On June 14, 2019, the
Company entered into a definitive agreement with Upsher-Smith Laboratories, LLC, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell,
at the closing thereunder, its U.S. and select territory rights for ZEMBRACE
®
 SYMTOUCH
®
 (sumatriptan
injection) 3 mg and TOSYMRA
®
 (sumatriptan nasal spray) 10 mg (formerly referred to as “DFN-02”), which
were commercialized through its wholly owned subsidiary Promius Pharma, LLC.

Under the agreement,
the Company received U.S.$70 as upfront consideration at the closing thereunder, and is entitled to receive up to U.S.$40.5 in
payments contingent upon the achievement of near term milestones and additional financial objectives, including those based upon
existing contractual obligations and inventory. In addition, the Company will be entitled to receive sales based royalties on a
quarterly basis.

212

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

37.

Definitive agreement with Upsher-Smith Laboratories, LLC (continued)

In July 2019, upon
the closing of the transaction, the Company recognized Rs.7,486 (U.S.$108.7) as a license fee forming part of revenue in accordance
with guidance available under IFRS 15, “
Revenue from Contracts with Customers”.
The costs associated with this
transaction were Rs.328, and were recognized in the consolidated income statement under the headings “Cost of revenue”
and “Selling, general and administrative expenses”.

38.

Merger of Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited into Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited

The Board of Directors,
at its meeting held on July 29, 2019, has approved the amalgamation (the “Scheme”) of Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited
(“DRHL”), an entity held by the Promoter Group, which holds 24.88% of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited (the “Company”)
into the Company. This is subject to the approval of shareholders, stock exchanges, the National Company Law Tribunal and other
relevant regulators.

The Scheme will lead
to simplification of the shareholding structure and reduction of shareholding tiers.

The Promoter Group
cumulatively would continue to hold the same number of shares in the Company, pre- and post the amalgamation. All costs, charges
and expenses relating to the Scheme will be borne out of the surplus assets of DRHL. Further, any expense, if exceeding the surplus
assets of DRHL, will be borne directly by the Promoters.

The Scheme also provides
that the Promoters of the Company will jointly and severally indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company, its directors, employees,
officers, representatives, or any other person authorized by the Company (excluding the Promoters) for any liability, claim, or
demand, which may devolve upon the Company on account of this amalgamation.

The Scheme of Amalgamation
of DRHL with the Company was filed with BSE and NSE (Stock Exchanges) for their consideration and approval. No observation letters
were received from the stock exchanges on the basis of no comments received from SEBI on October 11, 2019. The Company has filed
an application with the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) Hyderabad, seeking direction for conducting
court convened meetings of the shareholders and unsecured creditors. The Hon’ble NCLT vide its order dated November 22, 2019
directed the Company to conduct meetings of the shareholders’ and creditors. The NCLT also appointed the Chairpersons and
Scrutinizers for the respective meetings. The notice convening the shareholders and unsecured creditors meetings on January 2,
2020, were circulated within statutory timelines for approval of Scheme of Amalgamation of DRHL with the Company.

The resolutions were
passed with requisite majority of shareholders (99.98%) and unsecured creditors (100%) at the respective shareholders and unsecured
creditors meetings on January 2, 2020. The petition for approval of the Scheme has been filed with Hon’ble NCLT on January 9, 2020.
The NCLT hearing on June 3, 2020 has been adjourned and a new date has not yet been rescheduled.

39.

Business Transfer Agreement with Wockhardt Limited

In February 2020, the
Company signed a Business Transfer Agreement (“BTA”) with Wockhardt Limited (“Wockhardt”) to acquire select
divisions of its branded generics business in India and the territories of Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bhutan and Maldives for a consideration
of Rs.18,500.

The business comprises
of a portfolio of 62 brands in multiple therapy areas, such as respiratory, neurology, venous malformations, dermatology, gastroenterology,
pain and vaccines. This entire portfolio would be transferred to the Company, along with related sales and marketing teams, the
manufacturing plant located in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh and all plant employees (together the “Business Undertaking”).

As of March 31, 2020,
the acquisition of this Business Undertaking was subject to certain closing conditions, such as approval from shareholders and
lenders of Wockhardt and other requisite approvals under applicable statutes. Hence, the transaction was not accounted for the
year ended March 31, 2020.

The transaction was
completed on June 10, 2020.

In view of the COVID-19
pandemic and the consequent government restrictions, there has been a reduction in the revenue from the sales of the products forming
part of the Business Undertaking during March and April 2020. Subsequently, through an amendment to the BTA, the Company and Wockhardt
have agreed that the deal consideration shall now be upto Rs.18,500, to be paid as per the following terms:

a.   an amount of Rs.14,830 paid on the date of closing;

b.   an amount of Rs.670 to be deposited in an escrow account which shall be released subject to adjustments
for, inter alia, net working capital, employee liabilities and certain other contractual and statutory liabilities;

c.   an amount of Rs.3,000 (“Holdback Amount”) which shall be released as follows:

•   If the revenue from sales of the products forming part of the Business Undertaking during the 12
(twelve) months post-closing exceeds Rs.4,800, the Company will be required to pay to Wockhardt, an amount equal to 2 (two) times
the amount by which the revenue exceeds Rs.4,800, subject to the maximum of the Holdback Amount.

213

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

40.

Restructuring of pharmaceutical services business

The Board of
Directors of the Company, in their meeting held on March 27, 2020, had approved the plan for restructuring of the
Company’s pharmaceutical services business that involves setting up a wholly owned subsidiary and transferring all the
tangible and intangible assets, contracts, permission, consents, rights, registrations, personnel and employees, other assets
and liabilities on a slump sale basis (an Indian tax law concept which refers to the transfer of a business as a going
concern without values being assigned to individual assets and liabilities) to the newly incorporated wholly owned
subsidiary. As at March 31, 2020, the transfer of business had yet to be completed. Hence, the Company did not
de-recognize any asset or liability associated with the transfer. However, an amount of Rs.1,264 representing the tax impact
on likely capital gain that might arise upon completion of the transaction is recognized as deferred tax asset as the Company
utilizes such capital gain against the capital losses carried forward .

As
the transaction is between the Company and its subsidiaries, no further disclosures are made in this regard
.

The restructuring activity
was completed in June 2020.

41.

Impact of COVID-19

The threats posed by
the coronavirus outbreak are multifold. In many countries, businesses have been forced to cease or limit their operations for long
or indefinite periods of time. Even in India the outbreak has been declared epidemic and on March 24, 2020, the Government of India
ordered a nationwide lockdown, limiting movement of the population of India as a preventive measure against the COVID-19 pandemic.
As a result, most businesses throughout the world are dealing with lost revenue and disrupted supply chains. The disruption to
global supply chains due to factory shutdowns has already exposed the vulnerabilities of many organizations.

However, as the Company
operates in an industry that is considered essential in India and other countries, its operations were continuing during lockdown
by ensuring appropriate safety measures.

The Company considered
the uncertainty relating to the COVID-19 pandemic in assessing the recoverability of receivables, goodwill, intangible assets,
investments and other assets. For this purpose, the Company considered internal and external sources of information up to the date
of approval of these financial statements. The Company has also used the principles of prudence in applying judgments, estimates
and assumptions including sensitivity analysis. Based on its current estimates, the Company expects to fully recover the carrying
amount of receivables, goodwill, intangible assets, investments and other assets.

As the outbreak continues
to evolve, the Company will continue to closely monitor any material changes to future economic conditions.

42.

Subsequent events

None. Please refer
to Notes 19, 32, 39 and 40 of these consolidated financial statements for the details of subsequent events relating to proposed
dividend, contingencies, Business Transfer Agreement with Wockhardt Limited and restructuring of pharmaceutical services business,
respectively.

214

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

43.

Organizational structure

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories
Limited is the parent company. Tabulated below is the list of subsidiaries and joint ventures as of March 31, 2020:

Name of the subsidiary/joint venture   Country of Incorporation   Percentage of Direct/Indirect Ownership Interest
Aurigene Discovery Technologies (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.   Malaysia   100% (3)
Aurigene Discovery Technologies Inc.   U.S.A.   100% (3)
Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited   India   100%
Aurigene Pharmaceutical Services Limited (from September 16, 2019)   India   100% (3)
beta Institut gemeinnützige GmbH   Germany   100% (8)
betapharm Arzneimittel GmbH   Germany   100% (8)
Cheminor Investments Limited   India   100%
Cheminor Employees Welfare Trust   India   Refer to below footnote (16)
Chirotech Technology Limited   United Kingdom   100% (2)(5)
Dr. Reddy’s Research Foundation   India   Refer to below footnote (16)
Dr. Reddy's Employees ESOS Trust (from July 27, 2018)   India   Refer to below footnote (16)
Dr. Reddy’s Farmaceutica Do Brasil Ltda.   Brazil   100%
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories (EU) Limited   United Kingdom   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories (Proprietary) Limited   South Africa   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories (UK) Limited   United Kingdom   100% (5)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Canada, Inc.   Canada   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Chile SPA.   Chile   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Inc.   U.S.A.   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Japan KK   Japan   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Kazakhstan LLP   Kazakhstan   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Louisiana LLC   U.S.A.   100% (6)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.   Malaysia   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories New York, Inc.   U.S.A.   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Philippines Inc. (from May 9, 2018)   Philippines   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Romania S.R.L.   Romania   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories SA   Switzerland   100%
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Taiwan Limited   Taiwan   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories (Thailand) Limited (from June 13, 2018)   Thailand   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, LLC   Ukraine   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s New Zealand Limited.   New Zealand   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s S.R.L   Italy   100% (11)
Dr. Reddy's Bio-Sciences Limited   India   100%
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories (Australia) Pty. Limited   Australia   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories SAS   Colombia   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy's Research and Development B.V. (formerly Octoplus B.V.)   Netherlands   100% (12)
Dr. Reddy's Venezuela, C.A.   Venezuela   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s (WUXI) Pharmaceutical Company Limited   China   100% (10)
DRANU LLC   U.S.A.   50% (2) (13)
DRES Energy Private Limited   India   26% (14)
DRL Impex Limited   India   100% (15)
Dr. Reddy's Laboratories B.V. (formerly Eurobridge Consulting B.V.)   Netherlands   100% (1)
Idea2Enterprises (India) Pvt. Limited   India   100%
Imperial Credit Private Limited   India   100%
Industrias Quimicas Falcon de Mexico, S.A. de CV   Mexico   100%
Kunshan Rotam Reddy Pharmaceutical Comany Limited   China   51.33% (4)
Lacock Holdings Limited   Cyprus   100% (10)
OOO Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited   Russia   100% (10)
OOO DRS LLC   Russia   100% (9)
Promius Pharma LLC   U.S.A.   100% (6)
Reddy Holding GmbH   Germany   100% (10)
Reddy Netherlands B.V.   Netherlands   100% (10)
Reddy Pharma Iberia SAU   Spain   100% (10)
Reddy Pharma Italia S.R.L.   Italy   100% (7)
Reddy Pharma SAS   France   100% (10)
Regkinetics Services Limited (formerly Dr. Reddy’s Pharma SEZ Limited)   India   100%

215

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share
data)

43.

Organizational Structure (continued)

(1)   Indirectly owned through Reddy Netherlands B.V. (from March 28, 2019), formerly a subsidiary of Dr. Reddy’s Research
and Development B.V.

(2)   Entities under liquidation.

(3)   Indirectly owned through Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited.

(4)   Kunshan Rotam Reddy Pharmaceutical Company Limited is a subsidiary as per Indian Companies Act, 2013, as the Company holds
a 51.33% stake. However, the Company accounts for this investment by the equity method and does not consolidate it in the Company’s
financial statements.

(5)   Indirectly owned through Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories (EU) Limited.

(6)   Indirectly owned through Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Inc.

(7)   Indirectly owned through Lacock Holdings Limited.

(8)   Indirectly owned through Reddy Holding GmbH.

(9)   Indirectly owned through OOO Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited.

(10)   Indirectly owned through Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories SA.

(11)   Indirectly owned through Reddy Pharma Italia S.R.L.

(12)   Indirectly owned through Reddy Netherlands B.V.

(13)   DRANU LLC is consolidated in accordance with guidance available in IFRS 10.

(14)   Accounted in accordance with IFRS 11, “Joint Arrangements” .

(15)   Indirectly owned through Idea2Enterprises (India) Private Limited.

(16)   The Company does not have any equity interests in this entity, but has significant influence or control over it.

216

ITEM
19. EXHIBITS

Exhibit Number   Description of Exhibits   Footnotes
1.1   Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant dated February 4, 1984.   (1)(3)(5)
1.2   Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant dated February 24, 1984.   (1)(3)
1.3   Amended Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant dated December 6, 1985.   (1)(3)
1.4   Amendment to Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant dated June 12, 2009 (regarding an increase in our authorized share capital pursuant to the amalgamation of Perlecan Pharma Private Limited into Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited, its parent company).   (6)
1.5   Amendment to Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant dated July 19, 2010 Order of the Hon’bl High Court of Andhra Pradesh, India dated July 19, 2010 (regarding Amendment to Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant and capitalization or utilization of undistributed profit or retained earnings or security premium account or any other reserve or fund in connection with our bonus debentures).   (8)
1.6   Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Registrant dated September 17, 2015.   (9)
2.1   Form of Deposit Agreement, including the form of American Depositary Receipt, among Registrant, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company as Depositary, and holders from time to time of American Depositary Receipts Issued there under, including the form of American Depositary.   (1)
2.2   Description of Securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
2.6   Asset Purchase Agreement between Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. and Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories S.A. dated as of June 10, 2016. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the SEC.   (10)
2.7   Asset Purchase Agreement between Watson Laboratories, Inc. and Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories S.A. dated as of June 10, 2016. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the SEC.   (10)
4.1   Agreement by and between Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited and Dr. Reddy’s Research Foundation regarding the undertaking of research dated February 27, 1997.   (1)
4.2   Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2002.   (2)
4.3   Sale and Purchase Agreement Regarding the Entire Share Capital of Beta Holding GmbH dated February 15th/16th 2006.   (4)
4.4   Dr. Reddy’s Employees ADR Stock Option Scheme, 2007.   (7)
4.5   Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2018.   (11)
8   List of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the Registrant.
12.1   Certification of Co-Chairman and Managing Director, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
12.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
13.1   Certification of Co-Chairman and Managing Director, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
13.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
15.1   Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG)
15.2   Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Ernst & Young Associates LLP).

(1)   Previously filed on March 26, 2001 with the SEC along with Form F-1.

(2)   Previously filed on October 31, 2002 with the SEC along with Form S-8.

(3)   Previously filed with the Company’s Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003.

(4)   Previously filed with the Company’s Form 20-F/A for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2006
pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.

(5)   Previously filed with the Company’s Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2006.

(6)   Previously filed with the Company’s Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010.

(7)   Previously filed on March 5, 2007 with the SEC along with Form S-8.

(8)   Previously filed with the Company’s Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011.

(9)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Form 6-K dated September 25, 2015.

(10)   Previously filed with the Company’s Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017

(11)   Previously filed on September 5, 2018 with the SEC along with Form S-8.

217

SIGNATURES

The registrant hereby certifies that it
meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20–F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign
this Annual Report on its behalf.

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
By:   /s/G.V. Prasad
G.V. Prasad
Co-Chairman and Managing Director
By:   /s/Saumen Chakraborty
Saumen Chakraborty
President and Chief Financial Officer
Hyderabad, India
June 15, 2020

218
