
20-F

1

d410838d20f.htm

FORM 20-F

Form 20-F

Table of Contents

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
20-F

☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017

OR

☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of event requiring this shell company report

For
the transition period from

 to

Commission File Number:
1-15182

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Not Applicable   TELANGANA, INDIA
(Translation of Registrant’s name into English)   (Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

8-2-337,
 Road No. 3,
Banjara Hills

Hyderabad, Telangana 500 034, India

+91-40-49002900

(Address of principal executive offices)

Saumen Chakraborty,
Chief Financial Officer,

+91-40-49002004,
 saumenc@drreddys.com

8-2-337,
 Road No. 3, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana 500 034, India

(Name, telephone,
e-mail
 and/or facsimile number and address of company contact person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.

Title of Each Class   Name of Each Exchange on which
Registered
American depositary shares, each representing one equity share   New York Stock Exchange

Equity Shares*

*   Not for trading, but only in connection with the registration of American depositary shares, pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Act. None.

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the
Act. None.

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close
of the period covered by the annual report.

165,741,713 Equity Shares

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐

If this report is an annual or transition
report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.    Yes  ☐    No  ☒

Note — Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T
 (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files).    Yes  ☐    No  ☐

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated
 filer or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “accelerated filer”, “large
accelerated filer” and “emerging growth company” in Rule
12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer   ☒   Accelerated filer   ☐
Non-accelerated filer   ☐   Emerging growth company   ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

† The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant
has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

U.S. GAAP  ☐   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued  ☒   Other  ☐
by the International Accounting Standards Board

If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which
financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.

Item 17 ☐ Item 18 ☐

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).    Yes  ☐    No  ☒

Table of Contents

Currency of Presentation and Certain Defined Terms

In this annual report on Form
20-F,
 references to “$” or “U.S.$” or
“dollars” or “U.S. dollars” are to the legal currency of the United States and references to “Rs.” or “rupees” or “Indian rupees” are to the legal currency of India. Our financial statements are
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, or “IFRS”, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or “IASB”. These standards include International Accounting Standards, or
“IAS”, and their interpretations issued by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee, or “IFRIC”, or its predecessor, the Standing Interpretations Committee, or “SIC”. References to a particular
“fiscal” year are to our fiscal year ended March 31 of such year. References to our “ADSs” are to our American Depositary Shares.

References to “U.S.” or “United States” are to the United States of America, its territories and its
possessions. References to “India” are to the Republic of India. References to “EU” are to the European Union. All references to “we,” “us”, “our”, “DRL”, “Dr. Reddy’s”
or the “Company” shall mean Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited and its subsidiaries. “Dr. Reddy’s” is a registered trademark of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited in India. Other trademarks or trade
names used in this annual report on Form
20-F
 are trademarks registered in the name of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited or are pending before the respective trademark registries, unless otherwise
specified. Market share data is based on information provided by IMS Health Inc. and its affiliates (“IMS Health”), a provider of market research to the pharmaceutical industry, unless otherwise stated.

Our financial statements are presented in Indian rupees and translated into U.S. dollars for the convenience of the reader.
Except as otherwise stated in this report, all convenience translations from Indian rupees to U.S. dollars are at the certified foreign exchange rate of U.S.$1 = Rs.64.85, as published by Federal Reserve Board of Governors on March 31, 2017. No
representation is made that the Indian rupee amounts have been, could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at such a rate or any other rate.

Any discrepancies in any table between totals and sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding.

Information contained in our website, www.drreddys.com, is not part of this Annual Report and no portion of such information
is incorporated herein.

Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statement

IN ADDITION TO HISTORICAL INFORMATION, THIS ANNUAL REPORT CONTAINS CERTAIN FORWARD- LOOKING STATEMENTS WITHIN THE MEANING OF
SECTION 27A OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED AND SECTION 21E OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (THE “EXCHANGE ACT”). THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS CONTAINED HEREIN ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE REFLECTED IN THE FORWARD- LOOKING STATEMENTS. FACTORS THAT MIGHT CAUSE SUCH A DIFFERENCE INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO, THOSE DISCUSSED IN THE SECTIONS ENTITLED “RISK
FACTORS” AND “OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS” AND ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. READERS ARE CAUTIONED NOT TO PLACE UNDUE RELIANCE ON THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, WHICH REFLECT MANAGEMENT’S ANALYSIS ONLY AS OF THE
DATE HEREOF. IN ADDITION, READERS SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE OTHER INFORMATION IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT AND IN OUR PERIODIC REPORTS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED AND/OR FURNISHED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (“SEC”) FROM TIME TO
TIME.

2

Table of Contents

T
ABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I
ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS   4
ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE   4
ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION   4
ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY   28
ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   62
ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS   63
ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES   101
ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   116
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   118
ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING   119
ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION   120
ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK   133
ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY
SECURITIES   135
PART II
ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES   137
ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS   137
ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   138
ITEM 16. [RESERVED]   140
ITEM 16.A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT   140
ITEM 16.B. CODE OF ETHICS   140
ITEM 16.C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   140
ITEM 16.D. EXEMPTION FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT
COMMITTEES   140
ITEM 16.E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS   141
ITEM 16.F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT   141
ITEM 16.G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   141
ITEM 16.H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE   143
PART III
ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   144
ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   144
ITEM 19. EXHIBITS   145
SIGNATURES   146

3

Table of Contents

PART I

ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS

Not applicable.

ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE

Not applicable.

ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION

3.A.
Selected financial data

You should read the selected consolidated financial data below in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and
the related notes, as well as the section titled “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects,” which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
20-F.
 The selected consolidated income
statement data for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and the selected consolidated statement of financial position data as of March 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 have been prepared and presented in accordance
with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere herein. The selected consolidated financial data below has been presented for the five most recent fiscal
years. Historical results are not necessarily indicative of future results.

Income Statement Data

For the year ended March 31,
2017   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
(Rs. in millions, U.S.$ in millions, both except share and per share data)
Convenience translation into U.S.$
Revenues   U.S.$2,171   Rs.140,809   Rs.154,708   Rs.148,189   Rs.132,170   Rs.116,266
Cost of revenues   963   62,453   62,427   62,786   56,369   55,687
Gross profit   1,208   78,356   92,281   85,403   75,801   60,579
Selling, general and administrative expenses   715   46,372   45,702   42,585   38,783   34,272
Research and development expenses   301   19,551   17,834   17,449   12,402   7,674
Other (income)/expense, net   (16)   (1,065   )   (874   )   (917   )   (1,416   )   (2,479   )
Results from operating activities   208   13,498   29,619   26,286   26,032   21,112
Finance (expense)/income, net   12   806   (2,708   )   1,682   400   460
Share of profit of equity accounted investees, net of tax   5   349   229   195   174   104
Profit before tax   226   14,653   27,140   28,163   26,606   21,676
Tax expense   40   2,614   7,127   5,984   5,094   4,900
Profit for the year   186   12,039   20,013   22,179   21,512   16,776
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company   186   12,039   20,013   22,179   21,515   16,777
Non-controlling interests   —   —   —   —   (3   )   (1   )
Profit for the year   U.S.$186   Rs.12,039   Rs.20,013   Rs.22,179   Rs.21,512   Rs.16,776
Earnings per share
Basic   U.S.$1.11   Rs.72.24   Rs.117.34   Rs.130.22   Rs.126.52   Rs.98.82
Diluted   U.S.$1.11   Rs.72.09   Rs.116.98   Rs.129.75   Rs.126.04   Rs.98.44
Weighted average number of equity shares used in computing earnings per equity
share*
Basic   166,648,943   170,547,643   170,314,506   170,044,518   169,777,458
Diluted   166,997,675   171,072,780   170,933,433   170,695,017   170,432,680
Cash dividend per equity share**   U.S.$0.30   Rs.20   Rs.20   Rs.18   Rs.15   Rs.13.75

* Each ADR represents one equity share.

** Excludes corporate dividend tax.

4

Table of Contents

Statement of Financial Position Data

As of March 31,
2017   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013
(Rs. in millions, U.S.$ in millions, except share
data)
Convenience translation into
U.S.$
Cash and cash equivalents   U.S.$60   Rs.   3,866   Rs.   4,921   Rs.   5,394   Rs.   8,451   Rs.   5,136
Other investments (current and non-current)   301   19,507   37,022   37,076   25,083   17,172
Total assets   3,390   219,821   207,650   194,762   170,223   142,369
Total long term debt, excluding current portion   84   5,449   10,685   14,307   20,740   12,625
Total equity   U.S.$1,913   Rs.   124,044   Rs.   128,336   Rs.   111,302   Rs.   90,801   Rs.   72,805
Number of shares outstanding   165,741,713   170,607,653   170,381,174   170,108,868   169,836,475

Convenience translation

For the convenience of the reader, our consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2017 have been translated into
U.S. dollars at the certified foreign exchange rate of U.S.$1 = Rs.64.85, as published by the Federal Reserve Board of Governors on March 31, 2017. No representation is made that the Indian rupee amounts have been, could have been or could be
converted into U.S. dollars at such a rate or any other rate.

Exchange Rates

The following table sets forth, for the fiscal years indicated, information concerning the number of Indian rupees for which
one U.S. dollar could be exchanged based on the noon buying rate in the City of New York on business days during the period for cable transfers in Indian rupees as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The column
titled “Average” in the table below is the average of the daily noon buying rate on the last business day of each month during the year.

For the year ended March 31,   Period End   Average   High   Low
2013   54.52   54.48   57.13   50.64
2014   60.00   60.35   68.80   53.65
2015   62.31   61.34   63.67   58.30
2016   66.25   65.58   68.84   61.99
2017   64.85   66.96   68.86   64.85

The following table sets forth the high and low exchange rates for the previous six months and
is based on the noon buying rates in the City of New York on business days of each month during such period for cable transfers in Indian rupees as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Month   High   Low
October 2016   66.94   66.49
November 2016   68.86   66.39
December 2016   68.29   67.38
January 2017   68.39   67.48
February 2017   67.04   67.20
March 2017   66.83   64.85

On June 9, 2017, the noon buying rate in the city of New York was Rs.64.24 per U.S. dollar.

3.B.
Capitalization and indebtedness

Not applicable.

3.C.
Reasons for
the offer and use of proceeds

Not applicable.

5

Table of Contents

3.D.
Risk factors

You should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this Form
20-F
 and
the following risk factors that we face and that are faced by our industry. The risks below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may also affect our business operations. Our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially or adversely affected by any of these risks. This Form
20-F
 also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. Our results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks we face as described below and elsewhere. See “Forward-Looking Statements.”

RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY AND OUR BUSINESS

If we fail to comply fully with government regulations or to maintain continuing regulatory oversight applicable to our research and development activities
or regarding the manufacture of our products, or if a regulatory agency amends or withdraws existing approvals to market our products, it may delay or prevent us from developing or manufacturing our products.

Our research and development activities are heavily regulated. If
we fail to comply fully with applicable regulations, then there could be a delay in the submission or approval of potential new products for marketing approval. In addition, the submission of an application to a regulatory authority does not
guarantee that approvals required to market the product will be granted. Each authority may impose its own requirements and/or delay or refuse to grant approval, even when a product has already been approved in another country. In many of the
international markets into which we sell our products, including the United States, the approval process for a new product is complex, lengthy and expensive. The time taken to obtain approval varies by country but generally takes from six months to
several years from the date of application. This approval process increases the cost to us of developing new products and increases the risk that we will not be able to successfully sell such new products.

Regulatory agencies may at any time reassess the safety and efficacy of our products based on new scientific knowledge or
other factors. Such reassessments could result in the amendment or withdrawal of existing approvals to market our products, which in turn could result in a loss of revenue, and could serve as an inducement to bring lawsuits against us. In our
bio-similars
 business, due to the intrinsic nature of biologics, our
bio-similarity
 claims can always be contested by our competitors, the innovator company and/or the
applicable regulators.

Delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain approvals for, future products, or new indications
and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues and substantial additional costs. For example, in the year ended March 31, 2017 we experienced delays in obtaining approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration (“U.S. FDA”) for various generic and specialty products as anticipated, principally as a result of the warning letter referenced below.

Additionally, governmental authorities, including among others the U.S. FDA and the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare Products
Regulatory Agency (“MHRA”), heavily regulate the manufacturing of our products, including manufacturing quality standards. Periodic audits are conducted on our manufacturing sites, and if the regulatory and quality standards and systems
are not found adequate, it could result in an audit observation (on Form 483, if from the U.S. FDA), or a subsequent investigative letter which may require further corrective actions. More recently, a number of Indian generic pharmaceutical
companies were issued import alerts and warning letters by the U.S. FDA. A significant proportion of our manufacturing base of active pharmaceutical ingredients and formulations plants servicing the United States and other markets of our Global
Generics business is based out of India. There has been an increasing trend by the U.S. FDA and governmental regulators in other developed countries towards Indian manufacturing site audits. While our quality practices and quality management systems
are conducted in a manner designed to satisfy these types of audits, we cannot guarantee that our efforts will prevent adverse outcomes such as audit observations, corrective action requests, warning letters or import bans.

For example, in November 2015, we received a warning letter from the U.S. FDA relating to cGMP deviations at three of our
manufacturing facilities—two API manufacturing facilities and one injectable oncology formulations manufacturing facility in India. This had an adverse impact on new product approvals from these sites, and we have taken steps to minimize the
impact from these sites through transfers of certain key products to alternate manufacturing facilities. We took the matters identified by U.S. FDA in the warning letter seriously, and continued to develop and implement our corrective action plans
relating to the warning letter during the year ended March 31, 2017. The U.S. FDA conducted reinspection of the aforementioned manufacturing facilities in March and April 2017. During the
re-inspections,

the U.S. FDA issued three observations with respect to our API facility at Miryalaguda, two observations with respect to our API facility at Srikakulam and thirteen observations with respect to our oncology formulation manufacturing facility. We
responded to such observations, and believe that we can resolve them satisfactorily in a timely manner.

6

Table of Contents

More generally, unless and until any issues raised in a warning letter from the
U.S. FDA are resolved to the U.S. FDA’s satisfaction, the U.S. FDA may withhold approval of our new products and new drug applications, refuse admission of products manufactured at the facilities noted in the warning letter into the United
States, and/or take additional regulatory or legal action against us. The delay in approvals due to moving to an alternate site or alternate vendor, or the cost incurred in connection with remedial actions, can have significant adverse impacts on
our ongoing business, financial results and routine operations.

In recent years, there has been increasing regulatory
scrutiny of pharmaceutical manufacturers, resulting in product recalls, plant shutdowns and other required remedial actions. We have been subject to increasing scrutiny of our manufacturing operations, and in previous years several of our facilities
have been the subject of significant regulatory actions requiring substantial expenditures of resources to ensure compliance with more stringently applied production and quality control regulations. These regulatory actions also adversely affected
our ability to supply various products worldwide and to obtain new product approvals at such facilities. If any regulatory body were to require one or more of our significant manufacturing facilities to cease or limit production, our business could
be adversely affected. In addition, because regulatory approval to manufacture a drug is site-specific, the delay and cost of remedial actions, or obtaining approval to manufacture at a different facility also could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial position and results of operations.

Furthermore, we deal with numerous third party manufacturers
and despite our strict oversight, any lapse in their quality practices and quality management systems could lead to similarly adverse outcomes in the event of an audit.

If we or our third party suppliers fail to comply fully with applicable regulations or to take corrective actions that are
mandated, then there could be a government-enforced shutdown of our production facilities or an import ban, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers, or we could be subjected
to government fines. For example, the U.S. FDA imposed an import ban on our manufacturing facility at Cuernavaca, Mexico from June 2011 through July 2012.

Further, while physicians may prescribe products for uses that are not described in the product’s labeling and that
differ from those approved by the U.S. FDA or other similar regulatory authorities (an “off label” use), we are permitted to market our products only for the indications for which they have been approved. The U.S. FDA and other regulatory
agencies actively enforce regulations prohibiting promotion of
off-label
 uses, and significant liability can be imposed on manufacturers found to be engaged in
off-label

marketing violations, including fines in the tens or hundreds of millions of dollars, as well as criminal sanctions. If some of our products are prescribed off label, regulatory authorities such as the U.S. FDA could take enforcement actions if they
conclude that we or our distributors have engaged in off label marketing.

An increasing portion of our portfolio is
“biologic” products. Unlike traditional “small-molecule” drugs, biologic drugs cannot be manufactured synthetically, but typically must be produced from living plant or animal cells or micro-organisms. As a result, the production
of biologic drugs that meet all quality and regulatory requirements is especially complex and is more susceptible to batch failures.

We also manufacture and sell a number of sterile products, including oncology products, which are technically complex to
manufacture, and require sophisticated environmental controls. Because the production process for such products is so complex and sensitive, any production failures may lead to lengthy supply interruptions.

Typically, biological therapeutics face third party intellectual property rights, otherwise known as freedom to operate
(“FTO”) issues, more than small molecule therapeutics because of the types of patents allowed by national patent offices. Further, our ability to successfully challenge third party patent rights is dependent on the laws of the applicable
countries. The regulatory requirements are still evolving in many markets where we sell or manufacture products, including our
bio-similar
 products, and regulatory requirements may be unclear due to lack of
precedents, among other reasons, which may lead to delays in product approvals or other sanctions.

Although we do not
currently have any existing biosimilar product license applications under review, there remains some uncertainty regarding the abbreviated biosimilar approval pathway in the United States and other countries.

In the United States, the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (“BPCIA”) created a statutory
pathway and abbreviated approval processes for the approval of biosimilar versions of branded biological products.

In March 2015, the
U.S. FDA approved the first biosimilar product submitted under the abbreviated biosimilar pathway. In May 2015, March 2016 and January 2017, the U.S. FDA released a number of biosimilar guidance documents. While the U.S. FDA has issued
guidelines, the regulatory policies in this area are still evolving.

7

Table of Contents

In addition, a number of legal challenges concerning the requirements of the
abbreviated biosimilar pathway are under review, although one significant legal challenge was recently resolved. In June 2017, the U.S. Supreme Court announced its decision in
Sandoz v. Amgen
, ruling that a biosimilar manufacturer may give an
innovator the requisite 180 days’ notice of launch as soon as the biosimilar product application is filed with the U.S. FDA. As a result, the speed at which biosimilars can be brought to market can be accelerated by up to 180 days, as compared
to the timing that would have applied if such notices were required to be delayed until the U.S. FDA approved the biosimilar application, as some innovators had asserted prior to the Court’s decision.

We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly consolidating industry which may adversely affect our revenues and profits
.

Our products face intense competition from products commercialized or under development by competitors in all of our business
segments based in India, the United States and other markets. Many of our competitors have greater financial resources and marketing capabilities than we do. Our competitors may succeed in developing technologies and products that are more
effective, more popular or cheaper than any we may develop or license, thus rendering our technologies and products obsolete or uncompetitive, which would harm our business and financial results.

In our proprietary products business, many of our competitors have greater experience than we do in clinical testing, human
clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and in marketing and selling of brand, innovative and consumer-oriented products. They may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging market preferences or to devote greater resources to the
development and marketing of new products and/or technologies than we can. As a result, any products and/or innovations that we develop may become obsolete or noncompetitive before we can recover the expenses incurred in connection with their
development. In addition, for these product categories we need to emphasize to physicians, patients and third-party payors the benefits of our products relative to competing products that are often more familiar or otherwise better established. If
competitors introduce new products or new variations on their existing products, our marketed products, even those protected by patents, may be replaced in the marketplace or we may be required to lower our prices.

In our generics business, to the extent that we succeed in being the first to market a generic version of a significant
product, and particularly if we obtain the
180-day
 period of market exclusivity in the United States provided under the Hatch-Waxman Act of 1984, as amended, our sales and profit can be substantially increased
in the period following the introduction of such product and prior to a competitor’s introduction of the equivalent product or the launch of an authorized generic. Prices of generic drugs typically decline, often dramatically, especially as
additional generic pharmaceutical companies receive approvals and enter the market for a given product. Consequently, our ability to sustain our sales and profitability of any product over time is dependent on both the number of new competitors for
such product and the timing of their approvals.

The number of significant new generic products for which Hatch-Waxman
exclusivity is available, and the size of those product opportunities, has decreased in recent years and may decrease in future years in comparison to those available in the past. Patent challenges have become more difficult in recent years.
Additionally, we increasingly share the
180-day
 exclusivity period with other generic competitors, which diminishes the commercial value of the exclusivity.

Our generics business is also facing increasing competition from brand-name manufacturers who do not face any significant
regulatory approvals or barriers to enter into the generics market. These brand-name companies sell generic versions of their products to the market directly or by acquiring or forming strategic alliances with our competitor generic pharmaceutical
companies or by granting them rights to sell “authorized generics.” Moreover, brand-name companies continually seek new ways to delay the introduction of generic products and decrease the impact of generic competition, such as filing new
patents on drugs whose original patent protection is about to expire, developing patented controlled-release products, changing product claims and product labeling, or developing and marketing as
over-the-counter
 products those branded products that are about to face generic competition.

Our competitors, which include major multinational corporations, are consolidating, and the strength of the combined companies
could affect our competitive position in all of our business areas. Furthermore, if one of our competitors or their customers acquires any of our customers or suppliers, we may lose business from the customer or lose a supplier of a critical raw
material. In addition, our increased focus on innovative and specialty pharmaceuticals requires much greater use of a direct sales force than does our core generic business.

Our ability to realize significant revenues from direct marketing and sales activities depends on our ability to attract and
retain qualified sales personnel. Competition for qualified sales personnel is intense. We may also need to enter into
co-promotion,
 contract sales force or other such arrangements with third parties, for
example, where our own direct sales force is not large enough or sufficiently well-aligned to achieve maximum penetration in the market. Any failure to attract or retain qualified sales personnel or to enter into third-party arrangements on
favorable terms could prevent us from successfully maintaining current sales levels or commercializing new innovative and specialty products.

8

Table of Contents

Reforms in the health care industry, opposition to free trade agreements and the uncertainty associated with
pharmaceutical pricing, reimbursement and related matters could adversely affect the marketing, pricing and demand for our products.

Our businesses are operating in an ever more challenging environment, with significant pressures on the pricing of our products
and on our ability to obtain and maintain satisfactory rates of reimbursement for our products by governments, insurers and other payors. The growth of overall healthcare costs as a percentage of gross domestic product in many countries means that
governments and payors are under intense pressure to control healthcare spending even more tightly than in the past.

These pressures are particularly strong given the persistently weak economic and financial environment in many countries and
the increasing demand for healthcare resulting from the aging of the global population and associated increases in
non-communicable
 diseases. These pressures are further compounded by consolidation among
distributors, retailers, private insurers, managed care organizations and other private payors, which can increase their negotiating power. In addition, these pressures are augmented by intense publicity regarding the pricing of pharmaceuticals by
our competitors, as well as government investigations and legal proceedings regarding pharmaceutical pricing practices. In many countries in which we currently operate, including India, pharmaceutical prices are subject to regulation. Our products
continue to be subject to increasing price and reimbursement pressure that can limit the revenues we earn from our products in many countries due to, among other things:

•   the existence of government-imposed price controls and mandatory discounts and rebates;

•   removal of drugs from government reimbursement schemes (for example products determined to be less
cost-effective than alternatives);

•   increased difficulty in obtaining and maintaining satisfactory drug reimbursement rates;

•   increase in cost containment policies related to health expenses in a context of economic slowdown;

•   more demanding evaluation criteria applied by Health Technology Assessment (“HTA”) agencies when
considering whether to cover new drugs at a certain price level; and

•   more governments using international reference pricing to set the price of drugs based on international
comparisons.

We expect these efforts to continue as healthcare payors around the globe, in particular
government-controlled health authorities, insurance companies and managed care organizations, step up initiatives to reduce the overall cost of healthcare.

In 2017, a new administration, which had promised to repeal and replace the PPACA, took office in the United States and there
are ongoing efforts to achieve that goal. For example, in March 2017, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the “American Health Care Act” in order to repeal and replace the PPACA. Such legislation is pending in the U.S. Senate, and is
anticipated to be significantly revised or substituted with new legislation before a final law is passed. Any changes in the PPACA, the Medicaid Part D program or other laws relating to drug pricing, coverage through Medicaid or Medicare, or other
facets of the U.S. healthcare market could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or business.

9

Table of Contents

Another significant issue in the new administration’s campaign platform was
opposition to free trade agreements, and there are ongoing efforts to achieve that goal as well. For example, the United States recently withdrew from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (“TPP”) free trade agreement. Any such changes in free
trade agreements could, among other things, interfere with free trade in goods, impose additional customs duties or tarriffs, increase the costs and difficulties of international transactions and potentially disturb the international flow of goods,
and thus may have a material adverse effect on our financial performance.

We have operations in certain countries susceptible to political and
economic instability that could lead to disruption or other adverse impacts upon such operations.

We expect to derive
an increasing portion of our sales from regions such as Latin America, Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union, Central Europe, Eastern Europe and South Africa, all of which may be more susceptible to political and economic
instability. For example, as a result of severe political instability and ongoing conflict in Ukraine, the United States and the European Union have imposed sanctions on certain individuals and companies in Ukraine and Russia, including sanctions
targeted at the Crimea region of Ukraine which was annexed by Russia. Political instability in the region, combined with low worldwide oil prices, has resulted in significant devaluation of the Russian rouble and may continue to have a negative
impact on the Russian economy. In addition, the Ukrainian hryvnia experienced significant devaluation in 2014 and 2015 and the Venezuelan bolivar experienced significant devaluation beginning in 2013 and continuing through 2017.

Furthermore, the currencies of certain other markets in which we operate (such as South African rands, Brazilian reals and
Kazakhstan tenges) have undergone significant currency volatility in 2015 and 2016. Some of these are new markets that we have recently entered, and we may decide to enter other new markets in the future and thus may face additional risks arising
out of political and economic instability.

We monitor significant political, legal, regulatory and economic developments
in these regions and attempt to mitigate our exposure where possible. However, mitigation is not always possible, and our international operations could be adversely affected by political, legal, regulatory and economic developments, such as changes
in capital and exchange controls; expropriation and other restrictive government actions; intellectual property protection and remedy laws; trade regulations; procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing and marketing of,
reimbursement for and access to our products; and intergovernmental disputes, including embargoes and/or military hostilities.

Significant portions of our manufacturing operations are conducted outside the markets in which our products are sold, and
accordingly we often import a substantial number of products into such markets. We may, therefore, be denied access to our customers or suppliers or denied the ability to ship products from any of our sites as a result of closing of the borders of
the countries in which we sell our products, or in which our operations are located, due to economic, legislative, political and military conditions, including hostilities and acts of terror, in such countries.

On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom (“UK”) held a
remain-or-leave
 referendum on its membership within the European Union (“EU”), the outcome of which was a decision for the UK to exit from the EU (the “Brexit”). A process of negotiation
will likely determine the future terms of the UK’s relationship with the EU, as well as whether the UK will be able to continue to benefit from the EU’s free trade and similar arrangements. Until the Brexit negotiation process is initiated
and completed, it is difficult to anticipate the potential impact on our operations. As the process of Brexit evolves, we will continue to assess its impact on us.

Failure to maintain supply of compliant, quality product.

We may experience difficulties, delays and interruptions in the manufacturing and supply of our products for various reasons,
including among other reasons:

•   demand significantly in excess of forecast demand, which may lead to supply shortages (this is
particularly challenging before the launch of a new product);

•   supply chain disruptions, including those due to natural or man-made disasters at one of our facilities or at a critical supplier or vendor;

•   delays in construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those
intended to support future demand for our products (the complexities associated with biologics facilities, especially for drug substance, increases the probability of delay);

10

Table of Contents

•   the inability to supply products due to a product quality failure or regulatory agency compliance
action such as license withdrawal, product recall or product seizure; and

•   other manufacturing or distribution problems, including changes in manufacturing production sites,
limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in the types of products produced, or physical limitations or other business interruptions that could impact continuous supply.

From time to time we enter new markets, and face risks arising out of our limited knowledge of the market and the customs, laws and regulatory systems that
may apply.

From time to time we enter new markets in which we have limited knowledge of the market and the customs,
laws, regulatory, political and social systems that may apply. Our success in these new markets is dependent upon the acceptability of our product and brand, the ease of doing business in such market and various other social and economic factors
that may be specific to such market. Further, limitations by the local authorities of repatriation of generated funds may pose a risk to our success in these new markets. Our sales and profit margins may be adversely affected if we fail to provide
competitive options in the market or our brands fail to gain acceptability in the market.

Class action lawsuits could expose us to significant
liabilities, result in negative publicity, harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on the price of our ADSs.

Shareholders of a public company sometimes bring securities class action lawsuits against the company following periods of
instability in the market price of that company’s securities. As a public company grows in size, the risk of such litigations may increase.    If we were to be sued in any such class action suit, irrespective of the merits
of the underlying case, it could have adverse effects on us, including among other things: (a) a diversion of management’s time and attention and other resources from our business and operations, which could harm our results of operations;
(b) negative publicity, which could harm our reputation and restrict our ability to raise capital in the future; (c) require us to incur significant expenses to defend the suit; and (d) if a claim against us is successful, we may be
required to pay significant damages and, in certain circumstances, to indemnify our directors and officers if they are named as defendants in the class action suit. Any of the foregoing could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and/or the price of our ADSs.

A relatively small group of products may represent a
significant portion of our net revenues, gross profit or net earnings from time to time.

In certain markets, sales of
a limited number of products may represent a significant portion of our net revenues, gross profit and net earnings. If the volume or pricing of such products declines in the future, our business, financial position and results of operations could
be materially adversely affected.

The use of tender systems and other forms of price control could reduce prices for our products or reduce our market
opportunities.

A number of markets in which we operate have implemented or may implement tender systems in an effort
to lower prices. Under such tender systems, manufacturers submit bids which establish prices for generic pharmaceutical products. Upon winning the tender, the winning company will receive a preferential reimbursement for a period of time. The tender
system often results in companies underbidding one another by proposing low pricing in order to win the tender.

For
example, this has resulted in more than 90% of generic products currently sold in German retail outlets being supplied through contracts procured in competitive bidding tenders, thereby causing significant pressure on product margins.

Certain other countries may consider the implementation of a tender system or other forms of price controls. Even if a tender
system is ultimately not implemented, the anticipation of such a system could result in price reductions. Failing to win tenders, or the implementation of similar systems or other forms of price controls in other markets leading to further price
declines, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and/or share price.

11

Table of Contents

If we are unable to patent new products and processes or to protect our intellectual property rights or
proprietary information, or if we infringe on the patents of others, our business may be materially and adversely impacted.

Our overall profitability depends, among other things, on our ability to continuously and timely introduce new generic as well
as proprietary products. Our success depends, in part, on our ability in the future to obtain patents, protect trade secrets, intellectual property rights and other proprietary information and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of
others. Our competitors may have filed patent applications, or hold issued patents, relating to products or processes that compete with those we are developing, or their patents may impair our ability to successfully develop and commercialize new
products.

Our success with our proprietary products depends, in part, on our ability to protect our current and future
innovative products and to defend our intellectual property rights. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property, competitors may manufacture and market products similar to ours. We have been issued patents covering our innovative
products and processes and have filed, and expect to continue to file, patent applications seeking to protect our newly developed technologies and products in various countries, including the United States. Any existing or future patents issued to
or licensed by us may not provide us with any competitive advantages for our products or may even be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by competitors. In addition, such patent rights may not prevent our competitors from developing, using or
commercializing products that are similar or functionally equivalent to our products.

We also rely on trade secrets,
unpatented proprietary
know-how
 and continuing technological innovation that we seek to protect, in part by confidentiality agreements with licensees, suppliers, employees and consultants. It is possible that
these agreements may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. Disputes may arise concerning the ownership of intellectual property or the applicability of confidentiality agreements. Furthermore, our trade secrets and
proprietary technology may otherwise become known or be independently developed by our competitors. Therefore, despite all of our information security systems and practices, we may still not be able to ensure the confidentiality of information
relating to such products.

If pharmaceutical companies are successful in limiting the use of generics through their legislative, regulatory and other
efforts, sales of our generic products may be adversely impacted.

Many pharmaceutical companies increasingly have used
state and federal legislative and regulatory means to delay generic competition. These efforts have included:

•   pursuing new patents for existing products that may be granted just before the expiration of earlier patents,
which could extend patent protection for additional years or otherwise delay the launch of generics;

•   introducing “next-generation” products prior to the expiration of market exclusivity for the
reference product, which often materially reduces the demand for the generic or the reference product for which we seek regulatory approval;

•   obtaining extensions of market exclusivity by conducting clinical trials of brand drugs in pediatric
populations or by other methods;

•   selling the brand product as an authorized generic, either by the brand company directly, through an affiliate
or by a marketing partner;

•   using the Citizen Petition process to request amendments to U.S. FDA standards or otherwise delay generic drug
approvals;

•   seeking changes to U.S. Pharmacopeia, an organization that publishes industry recognized compendia of drug
standards;

•   attaching patent extension amendments to non-related federal
legislation;

•   engaging in state-by-state initiatives to enact legislation that restricts the substitution of some generic drugs, which could have an impact on products that we are developing; and

•   seeking patents on methods of manufacturing certain active pharmaceutical ingredients.

12

Table of Contents

If sales of authorized generic products are restricted, our sales of certain authorized generic products may
suffer.

Recently, some U.S. generic pharmaceutical companies who obtained rights to market and distribute a generic
alternative of a brand product (i.e., an “authorized generics” arrangement) under the brand manufacturer’s new drug application (“NDA”) have experienced challenges to their ability to distribute authorized generics during a
competitors’
180-day
 period of abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”) exclusivity under the Hatch-Waxman Act. These challenges have come in the form of Citizen Petitions filed with the U.S.
FDA, lawsuits alleging violation of the antitrust and consumer protection laws, and seeking legislative intervention. For example, in February 2011, legislation was introduced in both the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives that would
have prohibited the marketing of authorized generics during the
180-day
 period of ANDA exclusivity under the Hatch-Waxman Act.

If we are unable to defend ourselves in patent challenges, we could be subject to injunctions preventing us from selling our products, or we could be
subject to substantial liabilities that could adversely affect our profits. Further, our patent settlement agreements with the innovators may face government scrutiny, exposing us to significant damages.

There has been substantial patent related litigation in the pharmaceutical industry concerning the manufacture, use and sale of
various products. In the normal course of business, we are regularly subject to lawsuits and the ultimate outcome of litigation could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Regardless of regulatory approval,
lawsuits are periodically commenced against us with respect to alleged patent infringements by us, such suits often being triggered by our filing of an application for governmental approval, such as an ANDA or NDA. The expense of any such litigation
and the resulting disruption to our business, whether or not we are successful, could harm our business. The uncertainties inherent in patent litigation make it difficult for us to predict the outcome of any such litigation.

If we are unsuccessful in defending ourselves against these suits, we could be subject to injunctions preventing us from
selling our products, resulting in a decrease in revenues, or to damages, which may be substantial. An injunction or substantial damages resulting from these suits could adversely affect our consolidated financial position, results of operations or
liquidity.

Further, we have been involved in various litigations involving challenges to the validity or enforceability
of registered patents and therefore settling such patent litigations has been and is likely to continue to be an important part of our business.

Parties to patent litigation settlement agreements in the United States, including us, are required by law to file them with
the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice for review. The FTC has publicly stated that, in its view, some of the brand-generic settlement agreements violate the antitrust laws and has
brought actions against some brand and generic companies that have entered into such agreements. Accordingly, such settlement agreements may expose us to antitrust violation claims.

If we elect to sell a generic product prior to the final resolution of outstanding patent litigation, we could be subject to liabilities for damages.

At times we seek approval to market generic products before the expiration of patents for those products, based upon
our belief that such patents are invalid, unenforceable, or would not be infringed by our products. As a result, we are involved in patent litigation, the outcome of which could materially adversely affect our business. Based upon a complex analysis
of a variety of legal and commercial factors, we may elect to market a generic product even though litigation is still pending. This could be before any court decision is rendered or while an appeal of a lower court decision is pending. To the
extent we elect to proceed in this manner, if the final court decision is adverse to us, we could be required to cease the sale of the infringing products and face substantial liability for patent infringement. These damages may be significant as
they may be measured by a royalty on our sales or by the profits lost by the patent owner and not by the profits we earned.

Because of the discount pricing typically involved with generic pharmaceutical products, patented brand products generally
realize a significantly higher profit margin than generic pharmaceutical products. In the case of a willful infringer, the definition of which is unclear, these damages may even be trebled.

Furthermore, there may be risks involved in entering into
in-licensing
 arrangements
for products, which are often conditioned upon the licensee’s sharing in the patent-related risks.

For business
reasons, we continue to examine such product opportunities (i.e., involving
non-expired
 patents) going forward and this could result in patent litigation, the outcomes of which may have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

13

Table of Contents

Any failure to comply with the complex reporting and payment obligations under the Medicare and Medicaid
programs or other laws regulating marketing practices may result in litigation or sanctions and adversely impact our business.

The U.S. laws and regulations regarding Medicare and/or Medicaid reimbursement and rebates and other governmental programs are
complex. Some of the applicable laws may impose liability even in the absence of a specific intent to defraud. The subjective decisions and complex methodologies used in making calculations under these programs are subject to review and challenge,
and it is possible that such reviews could result in material changes in the calculation outcomes. In addition, government authorities have significant leverage to persuade pharmaceutical companies to enter into corporate integrity agreements, which
can be expensive and disruptive to operations.

If any of the above queries and/or investigations were to result in a
lawsuit that was determined adversely to us or in a large cash settlement, it could require us to pay significant amounts and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Research and development efforts invested in our differentiated formulations pipeline may not achieve expected results.

In our Proprietary Products segment, our business model focuses on building a pipeline in the therapeutic areas of neurology
and dermatology. We must invest increasingly significant resources to develop differentiated products, both through our own efforts and through collaborations,
in-licensing
 and acquisition of products from or
with third parties. The development of differentiated products involves processes and expertise different from those used in the development of generic drugs, which increases the risks of failure. During each stage, we may encounter obstacles that
delay the development process and increase expenses, leading to significant risks that we will not achieve our goals and may be forced to abandon a potential product in which we have invested substantial amounts of time and money. These obstacles
may include: preclinical failures; difficulty enrolling patients in clinical trials; delays in completing formulation and other work needed to support an application for registration; adverse reactions or other safety concerns arising during
clinical testing; insufficient clinical trial data to support the safety or efficacy of the product candidate; and failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, the required regulatory approvals for the product candidate or the facilities in which it
is manufactured.

Because of the amount of capital required to be invested in augmenting our differentiated products
pipeline, in some cases we are reliant on partnerships and joint ventures with third parties, and consequently face the risk that some of these third parties may fail to perform their obligations, or fail to reach the levels of success that we are
relying on to meet our revenue and profit goals.

Our Proprietary Products segment, particularly our Specialty businesses in the United States, faces
intense competition from companies that are more entrenched than we are or have greater resources than ours.

Our risk
profile for our Proprietary Products segment is lower than the comparable risk profile of companies working with completely novel entities. Nevertheless, the exposure that the businesses in this segment face is higher than that of the Generics
business due to several factors outlined below.

Market penetration requires successful commercial positioning in relation
not only to past therapies but also new competitors. All of the therapeutic areas in which we compete have many active competitors, each vying for market share in similar indications with products that may have some similar attributes. As such,
success in our Proprietary Products segment requires the ability to strategically differentiate our offerings from those of our competitors, which often requires time and investment in additional clinical studies, and brings with it the typical
uncertainty of outcome that faces many clinical studies. An additional emerging challenge is access to physicians, who can explicitly refuse to see our sales representatives, and new approaches need to be found to provide them with the information
required in order to make informed and appropriate prescription decisions. While the impact of these challenges is currently limited, they could potentially become significant in the future.

Even if we are able to successfully differentiate our products, adequate reimbursement from third party payors for our
products is necessary. Typically, a managed care plan relies on a committee made up of physicians and others to decide which drugs will appear on its formulary. Without a reasonable position on the formulary of managed care plans, patients will not
be able to obtain access to our products. Further, even after we contract for access on managed care formularies, we often have to provide additional
point-of-sale

discounts to patients in order to make their
out-of-pocket
 payments affordable.

All of these are necessary in this business segment, as all managed care plans attempt to aggressively direct their patients
towards generic medicines.

14

Table of Contents

Additionally, because the Specialty business of our Proprietary Products segment
works primary with reformulated drugs, another risk is that the patents that protect the product are easier to engineer around than traditional composition of matter patents. While every attempt is made to create a robust intellectual property ring
fence around these assets, the products in our U.S. Specialty business portfolio may enjoy lesser exclusivity periods than traditional innovative products.

If we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations, or face environmental litigation, our costs may increase or our revenues may decrease.

We may incur substantial costs complying with requirements of environmental laws and regulations. In addition, we may
discover currently unknown environmental problems or conditions. In all countries where we have production facilities, we are subject to significant environmental laws and regulations that govern the discharge, emission, storage, handling and
disposal of a variety of substances that may be used in or result from our operations. In the normal course of our business, we are exposed to risks relating to possible releases of hazardous substances into the environment, which could cause
environmental or property damage or personal injuries, and that could require remediation of contaminated soil and groundwater, which could cause us to incur substantial remediation costs that could adversely affect our consolidated financial
position, results of operations or liquidity.

If any of our plants or the operations of such plants are shut down, it may
severely hamper our ability to supply our customers and we may continue to incur costs in complying with regulations, appealing any decision to close our facilities, maintaining production at our existing facilities and continuing to pay labor and
other costs, which may continue even if the facility is closed.

We may be susceptible to significant product liability claims that are not covered by
insurance.

Our business inherently exposes us to potential product liability claims, and the severity and timing of
such claims are unpredictable. Notwithstanding
pre-clinical
 and clinical trials conducted during the development of potential products to determine the safety and efficacy of products for use by humans
following approval by regulatory authorities, unanticipated side effects may become evident only when drugs and
bio-similars
 are introduced into the marketplace. Due to this fact, our customers and
participants in clinical trials may bring lawsuits against us for alleged product defects. In other instances, third parties may perform analyses of published clinical trial results which raise questions regarding the safety of pharmaceutical
products, and which may be publicized by the media. Even if such reports are inaccurate or misleading, in whole or in part, they may nonetheless result in claims against us for alleged product defects.

Under the current regulatory scheme in the United States, branded drug manufacturers can independently update product labeling
through the “changes being effected” (“CBE”) supplement process, but a generic manufacturer is only permitted to use the CBE process to update its label if the branded drug manufacturer changes its label first. This can prevent
generic manufacturers from complying with state law warning requirements and, as a result, state product liability suits based on
failure-to-warn
 and design defect
claims against generics manufacturers have generally been determined to be preempted by Federal law.

Following the United
States Supreme Court’s June 2013 ruling in
Mutual Pharmaceutical Co. v. Bartlett
 upholding such preemption and immunity of generic manufacturers, the U.S. FDA proposed a new rule in November 2013 that would allow generic
manufacturers to independently update product labeling through the CBE supplement process. If the U.S. FDA’s proposed new rule is adopted, it may eliminate this preemption and increase our potential exposure to lawsuits relating to product
safety, side effects and warnings on labels. This new potential exposure to lawsuits may also increase the risk that, in the future, we may not be able to obtain the type and amount of coverage we desire at an acceptable price and self-insurance may
become the sole commercially reasonable means available for managing the product liability risks of our business.

Additionally, the proposed rule is likely to increase management and operating costs as a result of the need to set up
database and software systems to monitor and track changes made, revisit internal processes regarding product label changes by regulatory teams, enable signal detection by pharmacovigilance and make changes in packaging and logistics involving our
supply chain teams. Any failure to do this adequately can lead to an increase in our potential exposure to product liability claims and litigation. The U.S. FDA has announced that it will issue a final rule in April 2017. However, an update from the
U.S. FDA has not yet been announced.

The risk of exposure to lawsuits is likely to increase as we develop our own new
patented products, or limited competition/complex products, such as injectable or biosimilar products, in addition to making generic versions of drugs that have been in the market for some time. In addition, the existence or even threat of a major
product liability claim could also damage our reputation and affect consumers’ views of our other products, thereby negatively affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations.

15

Table of Contents

There has been a trend of increased regulatory review of
over-the-counter
 products for safety and efficacy questions, which could potentially affect our
over-the-counter
 products
business.

In recent years, significant questions have arisen regarding the safety, efficacy and potential for misuse
of certain
over-the-counter
 medicine products. Litigation, particularly in the United States, sometimes gives rise to these questions. As a result, health authorities
around the world have begun to
re-evaluate
 some important
over-the-counter
 products, leading to restrictions on the sale of some
of them and even the banning of certain products. If the U.S. FDA or another regulator were to review one or more of our
over-the-counter
 products for such purposes, and
if such review resulted in the U.S. FDA or another regulator charging us with violations applicable to such product, it could have a significant adverse effect on our sales of such

over-the-counter
 products and, thus, our overall profitability.

If we
have difficulty in identifying candidates for or consummating acquisitions and strategic alliances, our competitiveness and our growth prospects may be harmed.

In order to enhance our business, we frequently seek to acquire or make strategic investments in complementary businesses or
products, or to enter into strategic partnerships or alliances with third parties. It is possible that we may not identify suitable acquisition, strategic investment or strategic partnership candidates, or if we do identify suitable candidates, we
may not complete those transactions on terms commercially acceptable to us. We compete with others to acquire companies, and we believe that this competition has intensified and may result in decreased availability or increased prices for suitable
acquisition candidates. Even after we identify acquisition candidates and/or announce that we plan to acquire a company, we may ultimately fail to consummate the acquisition. For example, we may be unable to obtain necessary regulatory approvals,
including the approval of antitrust regulatory bodies.

All acquisitions involve known and unknown risks that could
adversely affect our future revenues and operating results. For example:

•   We may fail to successfully integrate our acquisitions in accordance with our business strategy.

•   The initial rationale for the acquisition may not remain viable due to a variety of factors, including
unforeseen regulatory changes and market dynamics after the acquisition, and this may result in a significant delay and/or reduction in the profitability of the acquisition.

•   We may not be able to retain the skilled employees and experienced management that may be necessary to
operate the businesses we acquire. If we cannot retain such personnel, we may not be able to locate or hire new skilled employees and experienced management to replace them.

•   We may purchase a company that has contingent liabilities that include, among others, known or unknown
patent or product liability claims or environmental liability claims.

•   We may purchase companies located in jurisdictions where we do not have operations and as a result we
may not be able to anticipate local regulations and the impact such regulations have on our business.

If we improperly handle any of
the dangerous materials used in our business and accidents result, we could face significant liabilities that would lower our profits.

We handle dangerous materials including explosive, toxic and combustible materials such as acetyl chloride. If improperly
handled or subjected to the wrong conditions, these materials could hurt our employees and other persons, cause damage to our properties and harm the environment. Also, increases in business and operations in our plants, and the consequent hiring of
new employees, can pose increased safety hazards. Such hazards need to be addressed through training, industrial hygiene assessments and other safety measures and, if not carried out, can lead to industrial accidents. Any of the foregoing could
subject us to significant litigation or adversely impact our other litigation matters then outstanding, which could lower our profits in the event we were found liable, and could also adversely impact our reputation.

In a worst case scenario, this could also result in a government forced shutdown of our manufacturing plants, which in turn
could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers and would adversely affect our business and results of operations.

If there is delay and/or failure in supplies of materials, services and finished goods from third parties or failure of finished goods from our key
manufacturing sites, it may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

16

Table of Contents

In some of our businesses, we rely on third parties for the timely supply of
active pharmaceutical ingredients (“API”), specified raw materials, equipment, formulation or packaging services and maintenance services, and in some cases there could be a single source of supply. Although, we actively manage these third
party relationships to ensure continuity of supplies and services on time and to our required specifications, events beyond our control could result in the complete or partial failure of supplies and services or in supplies and services not being
delivered on time.

In the event that we experience a shortage in our supply of raw materials, we might be unable to
fulfill all of the API needs of our Global Generics segment, which could result in a loss of production capacity for this segment. Moreover, we may continue to be dependent on vendors, strategic partners and alliance partners for supplies of some of
our existing products and new generic launches. Any unanticipated capacity or supply related constraints affecting such vendors, strategic partners or alliance partners can adversely affect our business or results of operations. Our key generics
manufacturing sites also may have capacity constraints and, at times, we may not be able to generate sufficient supplies of finished goods.

Fluctuations in exchange rates and interest rate movements may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

A significant portion of our revenues are in currencies other than the Indian rupee, especially the U.S. dollar, the Euro, the
Russian rouble, and the U.K. pound sterling, while a significant portion of our costs are in Indian rupees. As a result, if the value of the Indian rupee appreciates relative to these other currencies, our revenues measured in Indian rupees may
decrease and our financial performance may be adversely impacted. This also exposes us to additional risks in the event of devaluations, hyperinflation or restrictions on the conversion of foreign currencies, such as the devaluation of the
Venezuelan bolivar beginning in 2013 and continuing through 2017.

Further, we may also be exposed to credit risks in some
of the emerging markets from our customers on account of adverse economic conditions.

We use derivative financial
instruments to manage some of our net exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations in certain key foreign currencies. We do not use derivative financial instruments or other “hedging” techniques to cover all of our potential exposure.

Our success depends on our ability to retain and attract key qualified personnel and, if we are not able to retain them or recruit additional
qualified personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop our business.

We are highly dependent on the principal
members of our management and scientific staff, the loss of whose services might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business or scientific objectives. In India, it is not our practice to enter into employment agreements with our
executive officers and key employees that are as extensive as are generally used in the United States, and each of those executive officers and key employees may terminate their employment upon notice and without cause or good reason. Currently, we
are not aware of any executive officer’s or key employee’s departure that has had, or planned departure that is expected to have, any material impact on our operations. Competition among pharmaceutical companies for qualified employees is
intense, and the ability to retain and attract qualified individuals is critical to our success. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain and attract such individuals currently or in the future on acceptable terms, or at all, and the
failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we do not maintain “key person” life insurance on any officer, employee or consultant.

Since a large part of our business centers around the United States, changes to the U.S. immigration laws could make it more
difficult to obtain nonimmigrant work authorizations in the United States. There have been and will continue to be calls for extensive changes to U.S. immigration laws regarding the admission of highly-skilled temporary and permanent workers.

There are some legislative proposals which, if passed and signed into law, could add further costs and/or restrictions to some
of the high-skilled temporary worker categories and, in turn, our cost of doing business in the United States may increase. This could have a material and adverse effect on our business, revenues and operating results.

We have concentrations of sales to certain customers that increases our credit risks. Consolidation among distributors and

pharmaceutical companies could

increase this risk, and also adversely impact our business prospects
.

In the
United States, similar to other pharmaceutical companies, we sell our products through wholesale distributors and large retail chains in addition to hospitals, pharmacies and other groups. During the year ended March 31, 2017, our ten largest
customers accounted for approximately 90% of our North America Global Generics segment’s revenues. We are exposed to a concentration of credit risk in respect of these customers. Additionally, the emergence of large buying groups representing
independent retail pharmacies, and the prevalence and influence of managed care organizations and similar

17

Table of Contents

institutions, creates competition among pharmaceutical companies to have their products included in the formulary of those groups and enables those groups to extract price discounts on our
products. Furthermore, the recent trend of consolidation among such groups, as well as retail chains and distributors has increased their negotiating power and further increased pricing and reimbursement pressure. Such pressures have reduced, and
could continue to reduce, our revenue, margins and profitability.

Counterfeit versions of our products could harm our patients and reputation.

Our industry has been increasingly challenged by the vulnerability of distribution channels to illegal counterfeiting
and the presence of counterfeit products in a growing number of markets and over the Internet. Third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products, which do not meet the rigorous manufacturing and testing standards
that our products undergo. Counterfeit products are frequently unsafe or ineffective, and can be potentially life-threatening. Counterfeit medicines may contain harmful substances, the wrong dose of the API or no API at all. However, to distributors
and patients, counterfeit products may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic version.

Reports of adverse
reactions to counterfeit drugs or increased levels of counterfeiting could materially affect patient confidence in the authentic product, and harm the business of companies such as ours. Additionally, it is possible that adverse events caused by
unsafe counterfeit products would mistakenly be attributed to the authentic product. In addition, there could be thefts of inventory at warehouses, plants or while
in-transit,
 which are not properly stored and
which are sold through unauthorized channels.

Significant disruptions of information technology systems, breaches of data security or other
cyber-attacks could adversely affect our business.

Our business is dependent upon increasingly complex and
interdependent information technology systems, including Internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. In addition, our businesses and operating models increasingly depend on outsourcing and
collaboration, which requires exchanging data and information. The size and complexity and interconnectivity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion, computer viruses and other cyber-attacks.
Although we have invested in measures to reduce these risks, we cannot be assured that these measures will be successful in preventing compromise and/or disruption of our information technology systems and related data. Any such disruption may
result in the loss of key information and/or disruption of production and business processes, which could materially and adversely affect our business.

In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others, that may expose
sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of
our employees, clinical trial patients, customers and others. Such breaches of security could result in reputational damage and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further,
increasing use of information technology (“IT”) systems in manufacturing processes would require us to manage issues arising out of human error and/or sabotage.

In our pursuit of operational excellence, several change management initiatives across our organization are ongoing, including
but not limited to information technology automation in the areas of manufacturing, research and development, supply chain and shared services. We have outsourced our IT hardware and applications in order to improve IT capability and performance.
Any failure by such outsourced service providers to deliver timely and quality services and to
co-operate
 with one another could create disruption, which could materially adversely affect our business or
results of operations. Further, any failure by us to effectively manage such change initiatives or implement adequate controls in automation, security or availability of information technology systems could have a material adverse effects on our
business.

Increased outsourcing or use of cloud services for conducting our business requires highly secure controls to
ensure adequate security of information, considering potential for sabotage as well as availability. Data integrity, confidentiality and data privacy requirements are increasingly concerning regulators, and are incorporated into legal contracts.
While we have invested heavily in the protection of data and information technology to reduce these risks, there can be no assurance that our efforts or those of our third-party service providers would be sufficient to protect against data
deterioration or loss in the event of a system malfunction, or prevent data from being stolen or corrupted in the event of a security breach. We currently do not have any insurance that could mitigate the impact from all such risks.

Increasing use of social media could give rise to liability or breaches of data security.

18

Table of Contents

We and our business associates are increasingly relying on social media and
mobile tools as a means of communications. To the extent that we seek as a company to use these tools as a means to communicate about our products or about the diseases our products are intended to treat, there are significant uncertainties as to
either the rules that apply to such communications, or as to the interpretations that health authorities will apply to the rules that exist. As a result, despite our efforts to comply with applicable rules, there is a significant risk that our use
of social media and mobile tools for such purposes may cause us to nonetheless be found in violation of them. In addition, because of the universal availability of social media tools, our associates or third parties may make use of them in ways that
may not be sanctioned by us, and that may give rise to liability, or that could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information)
of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers and others. Such uses of social media could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Social media posts could also contain information
purported to be disclosed by us that is false or otherwise damaging, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and the price of our equity shares and ADSs.

Compliance with new and changing corporate governance and public disclosure requirements adds uncertainty to our compliance policies and increases our
costs of compliance.

Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to accounting, corporate governance and public
disclosure, including the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, new SEC regulations, New York Stock Exchange rules, provisions of India’s Companies Act 2013, Securities and Exchange Board of India rules and Indian stock market listing regulations, create
uncertainty for our company. These new or changed laws, regulations and standards may lack specificity and are subject to varying interpretations. Their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and
governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs of compliance as a result of ongoing revisions to such governance standards.

In particular, continuing compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related regulations
regarding our required assessment of our internal control over financial reporting requires the commitment of significant financial and managerial resources and our independent auditor’s independent assessment of the internal control over
financial reporting. Further, India’s Companies Act 2013 requires companies listed in India to be compliant with provisions concerning “Internal Financial Controls”.

In connection with this Annual Report on Form
20-F
 for the year ended March 31,
2017, our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of March 31, 2017 based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the “COSO Framework”). Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of March 31, 2017.
As we continue to undertake management assessments of our internal control over financial reporting in connection with annual reports on Form
20-F
 for future years, any deficiencies uncovered by these
assessments or any inability of our auditors to issue an unqualified opinion could harm our reputation and result in a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could cause the price of our equity shares and
ADSs to decline.

We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, and our
efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards in this regard have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from
revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. In addition, the new laws, regulations and standards regarding corporate governance may make it more difficult for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Further, our board
members, chief executive officer and chief financial officer could face an increased risk of personal liability in connection with the performance of their duties. As a result, we may face difficulties attracting and retaining qualified board
members and executive officers, which could harm our business. If we fail to comply with new or changed laws or regulations and standards differ, our business and reputation may be harmed.

We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws, which impose restrictions and may carry substantial
penalties.

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other
jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. These laws may require not only accurate books and records, but also sufficient
controls, policies and processes to ensure business is conducted without the influence of bribery and corruption. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, which often carry substantial penalties including fines, criminal
prosecution and potential debarment from public procurement contracts. Failure to comply may also result in reputational damages.

19

Table of Contents

We operate in certain jurisdictions that experience governmental corruption to
some degree or are found to be low on the Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index and, in some circumstances, anti-bribery laws may conflict with some local customs and practices. In many less-developed markets, we work with
third-party distributors and other agents for the marketing and distribution of our products. Although our policies prohibit these third parties from making improper payments or otherwise violating these anti-bribery laws, any lapses in complying
with such anti-bribery laws by these third parties may adversely impact us. Business activities in many of these markets have historically been more susceptible to corruption.

If our efforts to screen third-party agents and detect cases of potential misconduct fail, we could be held responsible for
the noncompliance of these third parties under applicable laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws has been subject to increasing focus
and activity by regulatory authorities in recent years. We may be subject to injunctions or limitations on future conduct, be required to modify our business practices and compliance programs and/or have a compliance monitor imposed on us, or suffer
other criminal or civil penalties or adverse impacts, including lawsuits by private litigants or investigations and fines imposed by local authorities.

We need to constantly review and update our compliance program to keep it current and active. If we fail to do so, our
vulnerabilities may increase and our controls may be found to be inadequate.

Actions by our employees, or third-party
intermediaries acting on our behalf, in violation of such laws, whether carried out in the United States or elsewhere, may expose us to liability for violations of such anti-bribery laws and accordingly may have a material adverse effect on our
reputation and our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our success depends on our ability to successfully develop and
commercialize new pharmaceutical products.

Our future results of operations depend, to a significant degree, upon our
ability to successfully develop and commercialize additional products in our Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients, Global Generics and Proprietary Products segments. We must develop, test and manufacture generic products as well as prove
that our generic products are
bio-equivalent
 or
bio-similar
 to their branded counterparts, either directly or in partnership with contract research organizations. The
development and commercialization process, particularly with respect to proprietary products and biosimilars, is both time consuming and costly and involves a high degree of business risk. Our products currently under development, if and when fully
developed and tested, may not perform as we expect or meet our standards of safety and efficacy. Necessary regulatory approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, if at all, and we may not be able to successfully and profitably produce and
market such products. Our approved products may not achieve expected levels of market acceptance.

Our research and
development efforts are increasingly dependent on collaborating with third party partners and contract research organizations which have the capability to handle complex technologies and products. Lack of effective project management at our end, or
any failure to manage collaboration arrangements among multiple partners, may pose significant risks to product development, to our ability to obtain requisite regulatory approvals in a timely manner, and to our ability to successfully and
profitably produce and market such products.

Additionally, if we fail to adequately protect critical proprietary or
confidential information or associated intellectual property rights or fail to manage third party partners and contract research organizations that our business depends on, it might have a material adverse impact on our product development
execution.

We also from time to time acquire
in-process
 research and development
assets, which require significant resources and expenses to continue to develop, both through our own efforts and through collaborations. Because of the inherent risk associated with research and development efforts in our industry, including the
high cost and uncertainty of conducting clinical trials (where required), such efforts may not result in the successful introduction of new pharmaceutical products approved by the relevant regulatory bodies.

For example, during the year ended March 31, 2017, we acquired eight Abbreviated New Drug Applications in the United
States from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited and an affiliate of Allergan plc. The consideration for such purchase was U.S.$350 million in cash at closing, which was funded through borrowings from certain institutional lenders. Our
results of operations may suffer if these products are not timely developed, approved or successfully commercialized.

Fluctuations in our quarterly
revenues, operating results and cash flows may adversely affect the trading price of our shares and ADSs.

20

Table of Contents

Our quarterly revenues, operating results and cash flows have fluctuated
significantly in the past and may fluctuate substantially from quarter to quarter in the future. Such fluctuations result from a variety of factors, including but not limited to changes in demand for our products, timing of regulatory approvals and
of launches of new products by us and our competitors (particularly where we obtain the
180-day
 period of market exclusivity in the United States provided under the Hatch-Waxman Act of 1984), timing of our
retailers’ promotional programs and successful development and commercialization of limited competition and complex products. Such fluctuations may result in volatility in the price of our equity shares and our ADSs. In such an event, the
trading price of our shares and ADSs may be adversely affected.

Impairment charges or write downs in our books could have a significant adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial results.

A substantial portion of the value of our assets pertains to
various intangible assets and goodwill. The proportion of the intangible assets and goodwill to our total assets could increase significantly as we pursue various growth strategies. The value of these intangible assets and goodwill could be
substantially impaired upon indications of impairment, with adverse effects on our financial condition and the value of our assets. For example, our financial performance for the years ended March 31, 2009 and 2010 was significantly impacted as
a result of the impairments pertaining to our Germany operations.

There are risks associated with executing on our strategy.

There are risks associated with executing the strategies we adopt to achieve our core purpose as discussed in Item 4.B. below.
Significant execution risks associated with our strategies include, but are not limited to:

•   developing and executing our complex product development, manufacturing and marketing strategies for North
America and other key markets;

•   executing on our strategies for increasing our customer share and for key account management in our Active
Pharmaceutical Ingredients (“API”) and Custom Pharmaceutical Services (“CPS”) businesses; and

•   executing our execution excellence and change management initiatives to ensure process safety, product quality
and availability.

Changes in Indian tax regulations may increase our tax liabilities and thus adversely affect our financial
results.

Currently, we are entitled to various tax benefits and exemptions under Indian tax laws, such as tax benefits
on research and development spending and exemptions applicable to income derived from manufacturing facilities located in certain tax exempted zones. Any changes in these laws or their application may increase our tax liability and thus adversely
affect our financial results.

The Union Budget, 2016 has proposed that the weighted deduction on research and development
activities be reduced in a phased manner from 200% to 150% commencing April 1, 2017 and from 150% to 100% commencing April 1, 2020. Further, Special Economic Zone (“SEZ”) units commencing manufacture or production of article and
things after April 1, 2020 will not be eligible for SEZ tax deductions.

India’s Finance Act, 2016 amended
the test of residence for foreign companies. While a
non-resident
 company is generally taxed only on its Indian sourced income, a resident company is taxed on its global income. Under the amended rule, a
company not formed under the laws of India would be considered a resident in India if its place of effective management in the previous year was in India. The term “place of effective management” (or “PoEM”) has been defined to
mean a place where key management and commercial decisions that are necessary for the conduct of the business of an entity as a whole are in substance made.

In India’s Finance Act, 2012, the Government of India introduced a levy of service tax based on a negative list of
services. Consequently, all services have become taxable, except notified exempted services. The Finance Act, 2015 increased the rate of service tax from 12.36% (inclusive of surcharge and cess) to a consolidated rate of 14% effective as of
June 1, 2015
.
 Furthermore, effective November 2015, the service tax of 14% was increased by an additional 0.5% cess called the “Swatch Bharat Cess” to a consolidated rate of 14.50%. Effective June 1, 2016, the Finance Act
2016 further increased the service tax rate to 15% through introduction of another 0.5% cess called the “Krishi Kalyan Cess”.

21

Table of Contents

India is also soon anticipated to enact a Goods and Service Tax
(“GST”), a
state-of-the-art
 indirect tax system intended to integrate State economies and boost overall growth. It was
proposed that other taxes (such as central excise duty, service tax, octroi, value added tax, sales tax, and entry tax) would be replaced by the GST, thus avoiding the multiple layers of taxation that currently exist in India. A Constitution
amendment bill approving the GST was adopted by both houses of India’s Parliament in August 2016. Legislation implementing the GST is expected to be promulgated as a law effective July 1, 2017.

Under the Finance Act, 2013, the effective rate of dividend distribution tax (“DDT”) was 16.995% inclusive of
surcharge and cess. The Finance Act (No 2) 2014 made an amendment in section
115-O,
 which requires grossing up of the dividend amount distributed for computing DDT. Pursuant to the amendment, effective
October 1, 2014, the effective rate of DDT increased from 16.995% to 19.994% inclusive of surcharge and cess, and as a result, dividend amounts receivable by our shareholders after taxes are reduced. Furthermore, as a result of the increase in
rate of surcharge in the Finance Act, 2015, effective April 1, 2015, the effective rate of DDT increased from 19.994% to 20.3576%.

We operate in
jurisdictions that impose transfer pricing and other
tax-related
 regulations on our intercompany arrangements, and any failure to comply could materially and adversely affect our profitability.

We are required to comply with various transfer pricing regulations in India and other countries. Failure to comply with such
regulations may impact our effective tax rates and consequently affect our net margins. Additionally, we operate in numerous countries and our failure to comply with the local and municipal tax regimes may result in additional taxes, penalties and
enforcement actions from such authorities. Although our intercompany arrangements are based on accepted tax standards, tax authorities in various jurisdictions may disagree with and subsequently challenge the amount of profits taxed in such
jurisdictions, which may increase our tax liabilities and could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations. Further, the base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) project undertaken by the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) contemplates changes to numerous international tax principles, as well as national tax incentives. It is hard to predict how the principles and recommendations developed by the OECD in the BEPS project
will translate into specific national laws adversely impacting our tax liabilities, and therefore we cannot predict at this stage the magnitude of the effect of such rules on our financial results.

We enter into various agreements in the normal course of business which periodically incorporate provisions whereby we indemnify the other party to the
agreement.

In the normal course of business, we periodically enter into agreements with vendors, customers, alliance
partners, innovators and others that incorporate terms for indemnification provisions. Our indemnification obligations under such agreements may be unlimited in duration and amount. We maintain insurance coverage that we believe will effectively
mitigate our obligations under certain of these indemnification provisions (for example, in the case of outsourced clinical trials). However, should our obligations under an indemnification provision exceed our coverage or should coverage be denied,
it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position and results of operations.

Current economic conditions may adversely
affect our industry, financial position and results of operations.

In recent years, the global economy has experienced
volatility and an unfavorable economic environment, and these trends may continue in the future. Reduced consumer spending, reduced funding for national social security systems or shifting concentrations of payors and their preferences, may force
our competitors and us to reduce prices. The growth of our business may be negatively affected by high unemployment levels and increases in
co-pays,
 which may lead some patients to delay treatments, skip
doses or use less effective treatments to reduce their costs. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, including our partners under our alliance, research and promotional services agreements, suppliers of raw materials, drug
wholesalers and other customers, who may be unstable or may become unstable in the current economic environment. We run the risk of delayed payments or even
non-payment
 by our customers, which consist
principally of wholesalers, distributors, pharmacies, hospitals, clinics and government agencies.

Significant changes and
volatility in the consumer environment and in the competitive landscape may make it increasingly difficult for us to predict our future revenues and earnings.

Risks from disruption to production, supply chain or operations from natural disasters could adversely affect our business and operations and cause our
revenues to decline.

If flooding, droughts, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions or other natural disasters were to
directly damage, destroy or disrupt our manufacturing facilities, it could disrupt our operations, delay new production and shipments of existing inventory or result in costly repairs, replacements or other costs, all of which would negatively
impact our business. A significant portion of our manufacturing facilities are situated around Hyderabad, India, a region that has experienced earthquakes, floods and droughts in the past.

22

Table of Contents

Even if we take precautions to provide

back-up
 support in the event of such a natural disaster, the disaster may nonetheless affect our facilities, harming production and ultimately our business. And, even if our manufacturing facilities are not
directly damaged, a large natural disaster may result in disruptions in distribution channels or supply chains. The impact of such occurrences depends on the specific geographic circumstances but could be significant.

In addition, there is increasing concern that climate change is occurring and may have dramatic effects on human activity
without aggressive remediation steps. A modest change in temperature may cause a rising number of natural disasters. We cannot predict the economic impact, if any, of natural disasters or climate change.

If the world economy is affected due to terrorism, wars or epidemics, it may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Several areas of the world, including India, have experienced terrorist acts and retaliatory operations in recent years. If the
economy of our key markets (including but not limited to the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, India, Venezuela and Russia) is affected by such acts, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected as a consequence.

In the last decade, Asia experienced outbreaks of avian influenza and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, or “SARS”.
In addition, in 2009 a rising death toll in Mexico from a new strain of Swine Flu led the World Health Organization to declare a public health emergency of international concern. In May 2015, the Pan American Health Organization issued an alert
regarding the first confirmed Zika virus infection in Brazil, and since then it has spread across the Americas. In the United States, there have been reports of local mosquito-borne transmission of the Zika virus in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin
Islands, and American Samoa, and there have been reports of cases in the continental United States in returning travelers. If the economy of our key markets is affected by such outbreaks or other epidemics, our business and results of operations may
be adversely affected as a consequence.

Our principal shareholders have significant control over us and, if they take actions that are not in the best
interests of our minority shareholders, the value of their investment in our ADSs may be harmed.

Our full time
directors and members of their immediate families, in the aggregate, beneficially owned 26.79% of our issued shares as at March 31, 2017. As a result, these people, acting in concert, are likely to have the ability to exercise significant
control over most matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the election and removal of directors and significant corporate transactions. This significant control by these directors and their family members could delay, defer or
prevent a change in control, impede a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. As a result, the value
of the equity shares and/or ADSs of our minority shareholders may be adversely affected or our minority shareholders might be deprived of a potential opportunity to sell their equity shares and/or ADSs at a premium.

RISKS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS IN INDIAN COMPANIES

We are an Indian company. Our headquarters are located in India, a substantial part of our operations are conducted in India
and a significant part of our infrastructure and other assets are located in India. In addition, a substantial portion of our total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2017 continued to be derived from sales in India. As a result, the
following additional risk factors apply that are not specific to our company or industry.

We may be subjected to additional compliance and litigation
risks as a result of introduction of the Companies Act, 2013 in India and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

As a company that is incorporated in India, we are governed by the rules and regulations covered under the Indian Companies
Act, 1956. Significant amendments to the Companies Act were adopted in 2013 and 2014 and a majority of the provisions of the new Act (called the “Companies Act, 2013”) were implemented beginning in April, 2014. Some of the significant
changes were in the areas of board and governance processes, boardroom responsibilities, disclosures, compulsory corporate social responsibility, audit matters, initiation of class action suits by shareholders or depositors, fraud reporting and
whistle-blower mechanisms.

23

Table of Contents

In addition, on September 2, 2015, the Securities and Exchange Board of
India (“SEBI”) issued the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”) that must be followed by all listed Indian public companies effective December 1,
2015. These Listing Regulations were intended to consolidate and streamline the provisions of the existing listing agreements for different segments of the capital markets (e.g., equity securities, debt securities, Indian depository receipts,
etc.). The Listing Regulations have thus been structured to provide ease of reference by consolidating into one single document across various types of securities listed on the stock exchanges. Key features of the Listing Regulations include:

•   A framework has been prescribed for disclosure of material events and information by listed entities to the
Indian stock exchanges. Certain events mentioned in the regulations are deemed material and disclosure is mandatory. Certain events are to be disclosed based on application of the guidelines for materiality as prescribed. The Board of Directors is
required to frame a policy for determination of materiality and disclose the same on the website of the company.

•   Entities are required to frame policies on preservation of documents, determination of material subsidiaries,
risk management, code of conduct, remuneration of directors, key managerial personnel and other employees, board diversity, materiality of related party transactions and dealing with related party transactions and criteria for evaluation of
directors.

•   Existing listed entities are required to sign the shortened version of the listing agreement with stock
exchanges within six months of the issuance of the Listing Regulations.

However, certain provisions of
the Companies Act, 2013 and the new Listing Regulations provisions are subject to varying interpretations and their application in practice may evolve over time as additional guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This may result
in delays or continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs of compliance as a result of ongoing revisions.

A slowdown in
economic growth in India may adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our performance and the quality
and growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. The Indian economy has grown significantly over the past few years. Any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm us, our customers and other
contractual counterparties. In addition, the Indian economy is in a state of transition. The share of the services sector of the Indian economy is rising while that of the industrial, manufacturing and agricultural sector is declining. It is
difficult to gauge the impact of these fundamental economic changes on our business.

If wage costs or inflation rise in India, it may adversely affect
our competitive advantages over higher cost countries and our profits may decline.

Wage costs in India have
historically been significantly lower than wage costs in developed countries and have been one of our competitive strengths. However, wage increases in India may increase our costs, reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our business and
results of operations.Due to various macro-economic factors, the rate of inflation has recently been highly volatile in India. According to the economic report released by the Department of Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance in India, the annual
inflation rate in India, as measured by the benchmark wholesale price index, Base
2004-05=100
 was 5.29% for the year ended March 31, 2017 (as compared to
-2%
 for
the year ended March 31, 2016). This trend may continue to fluctuate and/or the rate of inflation may rise substantially. We may not be able to pass these inflationary costs on to our customers by increasing the price we charge for our
products.

Stringent labor laws may adversely affect our ability to have flexible human resource policies; labor union problems could negatively affect
our production capacity and overall profitability.

Labor laws in India are more stringent than in other parts of the
world. These laws may restrict our ability to have human resource policies that would allow us to react swiftly to the needs of our business. Approximately 5% of our employees belong to a number of different labor unions. If we experience problems
with our labor unions, our production capacity and may adversely affect our results and operations.

24

Table of Contents

OTHER RISKS RELATING TO OUR ADSS THAT ARE NOT SPECIFIC TO OUR COMPANY OR INDUSTRY

The market price of our ADSs may be volatile, and the value of your investment could materially decline.

Investors who hold our ADSs may not be able to sell their ADSs at or above the price at which they purchased such ADSs. The
price of our ADSs fluctuate from time to time, and we cannot predict the price of our ADSs at any given time. The risk factors described herein could cause the price of our ADSs to fluctuate materially. In addition, the stock market in general,
including the market for generic and specialty pharmaceutical companies, has experienced price and volume fluctuations. These broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our ADSs, regardless of our operating
performance. In addition, the price of our ADSs may be affected by the valuations and recommendations of the analysts who cover us, and if our results do not meet the analysts’ forecasts and expectations, the price of our ADSs could decline as
a result of analysts lowering their valuations and recommendations or otherwise.

Negative media coverage and public scrutiny may adversely affect the
prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Media coverage, including social media coverage such as blogs, of us has
increased dramatically over the past several years. Any negative media coverage, regardless of the accuracy of such reporting, may have an adverse impact on our reputation and investor confidence, resulting in a decline in the share price of our
equity shares and our ADSs.

Indian law imposes certain restrictions that limit a holder’s ability to transfer the equity shares obtained upon
conversion of ADSs and repatriate the proceeds of such transfer, which may cause our ADSs to trade at a premium or discount to the market price of our equity shares.

Under certain circumstances, the Reserve Bank of India must approve the sale of equity shares underlying ADSs by a
non-resident
 of India to a resident of India. The Reserve Bank of India has given general permission to effect sales of existing shares or convertible debentures of an Indian company by a resident to a
non-resident,
 subject to certain conditions, including the price at which the shares must be sold. Additionally, except under certain limited circumstances, if an investor seeks to convert the Indian rupee proceeds
from a sale of equity shares in India into foreign currency and then repatriate that foreign currency from India, he or she will have to obtain an additional approval from the Reserve Bank of India for each such transaction. Required approval from
the Reserve Bank of India or any other government agency may not be obtained on terms favorable to a
non-resident
 investor or at all.

25

Table of Contents

There are limits and conditions to the deposit of shares into the ADS facility.

Indian legal restrictions may limit the supply of our ADSs. The only way to add to the supply of our ADSs will be through a
primary issuance because the depositary is not permitted to accept deposits of our outstanding shares and issue ADSs representing those shares. However, an investor in our ADSs who surrenders an ADS and withdraws our shares will be permitted to
redeposit those shares in the depositary facility in exchange for our ADSs. In addition, an investor who has purchased our shares in the Indian market will be able to deposit them in the ADS program, but only in a number that does not exceed the
number of underlying shares that have been withdrawn from and not
re-deposited
 into the depositary facility. Moreover, there are restrictions on foreign institutional ownership of our equity shares as opposed
to our ADSs.

The persistently weak global economic and financial environment in many other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia,
and increasing political and social instability could have a material adverse effect on our business and the price and liquidity of our shares and our ADSs.

Many of the world’s largest economies and financial institutions continue to be impacted by a weak ongoing global economic
and financial environment, with some continuing to face financial difficulty, liquidity problems and limited availability of credit. We continue to see weak economic growth or a slowing of economic growth rates in certain emerging growth markets,
such as China, Russia, Brazil and India. It is uncertain how long these effects will last, or whether economic and financial trends will worsen or improve. In addition, these issues may be further impacted by the unsettled political conditions
currently existing in the United States and Europe, as well as the difficult conditions existing in parts of the Middle East and places such as Ukraine, as well as the ongoing refugee crisis, anti-immigrant activities, social unrest and fears of
terrorism that have followed in many countries.

If U.S. investors in our ADSs are unable to exercise preemptive rights available to our
non-U.S.
 shareholders due to the registration requirements of U.S. securities laws, the investment of such U.S. investors in our ADSs may be diluted.

A company incorporated in India must offer its holders of shares preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate
number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any shares, unless these rights have been waived by at least 75% of its shareholders present and voting at a shareholders’ general meeting. U.S.
investors in our ADSs may be unable to exercise preemptive rights for the shares underlying our ADSs unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 is effective with respect to the rights or an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act is available. Our decision to file a registration statement will depend on the costs and potential liabilities associated with a registration statement as well as the perceived benefits of enabling U.S. investors
in our ADSs to exercise their preemptive rights and any other factors we consider appropriate at the time. We might choose not to file a registration statement under these circumstances. If we issue any of these securities in the future, such
securities may be issued to the depositary, which may sell them in the securities markets in India for the benefit of the investors in our ADSs. There can be no assurances as to the value, if any, the depositary would receive upon the sale of these
securities. To the extent that U.S. investors in our ADSs are unable to exercise preemptive rights, their proportional interests in us would be reduced.

Our equity shares and our ADSs may be subject to market price volatility, and the market price of our equity shares and ADSs may decline disproportionately
in response to adverse developments that are unrelated to our operating performance.

Market prices for the securities
of Indian pharmaceutical companies, including our own, have historically been highly volatile, and the market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular
companies. Factors such as the following can have an adverse effect on the market price of our ADSs and equity shares:

•   general market conditions,

•   speculative trading in our shares and ADSs, and

•   developments relating to our peer companies in the pharmaceutical industry.

26

Table of Contents

There may be less company information available in Indian securities markets than securities markets in
developed countries.

There is a difference between the level of regulation and monitoring of the Indian securities
markets over the activities of investors, brokers and other participants, as compared to the level of regulation and monitoring of markets in the United States and other developed economies. The Securities and Exchange Board of India is responsible
for improving disclosure and other regulatory standards for the Indian securities markets. The Securities and Exchange Board of India has issued regulations and guidelines on disclosure requirements, insider trading and other matters. There may,
however, be less publicly available information about Indian companies than is regularly made available by public companies in developed countries, which could affect the market for our equity shares and ADSs.

Indian stock exchange closures, broker defaults, settlement delays, and Indian Government regulations on stock market operations could affect the market
price and liquidity of our equity shares.

The Indian securities markets are smaller than the securities markets in the
United States and Europe and have experienced volatility from time to time. The regulation and monitoring of the Indian securities market and the activities of investors, brokers and other participants differ, in some cases significantly, from those
in the United States and some European countries. Indian stock exchanges have at times experienced problems, including temporary exchange closures, broker defaults and settlement delays and if similar problems were to recur, they could affect the
market price and liquidity of the securities of Indian companies, including our shares. Furthermore, any change in Indian Government regulations of stock markets could affect the market price and liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

Sale of our equity shares may adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

The Government of India enacted the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, effective as of December 15, 2014. This law permits liberalized
rules for sponsored and unsponsored secondary market issue of depository receipts, subject to the existing sectorial cap on foreign investment. Once the regulations are implemented, an Indian company’s equity shares can be freely issued to a
depository for the purpose of issuing depository receipts through any mode permissible for the issue of such securities to other investors. This would enable us to more readily issue shares to the depositary for our ADSs and conduct U.S. securities
issuances of our ADSs, which would impact the share price and available float in Indian stock exchanges as well as the price and availability of our ADSs on the NYSE. Refer to Item 10.D. “Exchange controls – ADS guidelines” for
further details.

27

Table of Contents

ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY

4.A.
History and development of the company

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited was incorporated in India under the Companies Act, 1956, by its promoter and our
former Chairman, the late Dr. K. Anji Reddy, as a Private Limited Company on February 24, 1984. We were converted to a Public Limited Company on December 6, 1985 and listed on the Indian Stock Exchanges in August 1986 and on the New
York Stock Exchange on April 11, 2001. We are registered with the Registrar of Companies, Hyderabad, Telangana, India as Company No. 4507 (Company Identification No. L85195TG1984PLC004507). Our registered office is situated at
8-2-337,
 Road No. 3, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana 500 034, India and the telephone number of our registered office is
+91-40-49002900.
 The name and address of our registered agent in the United States is Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., 107 College Road East, Princeton, New Jersey 08540.

Key business developments:

Re-Audit
 of the Warning letter impacted sites

The United States Food and Drug Administration (“U.S. FDA”) issued a warning letter dated November 5, 2015 (the
“Warning Letter”) relating to current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) deviations at our active pharmaceutical ingredient (“API”) manufacturing facilities at Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh and Miryalaguda, Telangana, as
well as those at our oncology formulation manufacturing facility at Duvvada, Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh. The contents of the Warning Letter emanated from Form 483 observations that followed inspections of these three sites by the U.S. FDA in
November 2014, January 2015 and February-March 2015, respectively. Pending resolution of the issues identified in the Warning Letter, the U.S. FDA has withheld approval of new products from these facilities.

Subsequent to the issuance of the Warning Letter, we promptly instituted corrective actions and preventive actions and
submitted a comprehensive response to the Warning Letter to the U.S. FDA, followed by periodic written updates and
in-person
 meetings with the U.S. FDA. Moreover, to minimize the business impact, we
transferred certain key products to alternate manufacturing facilities.

The U.S. FDA subsequently
re-inspected
 these facilities between February and April 2017. The outcome of these inspections were as follows:

•   API facility at Miryalaguda : The U.S. FDA raised three observations in the areas of older methods of
validation, improvements in instrument calibrations and adherence to United States Pharmacopeia (“USP”) test methods.

•   API facility at Srikakulam : The U.S. FDA raised two observations in the areas of high performance
liquid chromatography (“HPLC”) maintenance, and the management of soft copies of chromatograms.

•   Oncology formulation facility at Duvvada : The U.S. FDA raised thirteen observations in the areas of
investigations, batch production records, document controls, general computer systems and environmental monitoring.

Global corrective actions, as well as some specific actions, have already been implemented. Additionally, a detailed response
was submitted to the U.S. FDA which included root cause, corrective actions and preventive actions and impact assessment. In June 2017, the U.S. FDA issued an establishment inspection report which officially closed the audit of our API facility at
Miryalaguda.

We remain fully committed to follow high standards of quality and strive towards further strengthening of
our quality management systems and processes for sustainability. Our plans to enhance our quality management systems and operations include improvements in rigor of investigations and document control systems, standardization of instrument
calibrations, strengthening controls with respect to information technology, strengthening shop floor training programs, and simplifying and standardizing standard operating procedures and batch records at the shop floor.

Further, we have initiated additional operational improvements with respect to areas such as shop floor supervision and Gemba
walks (also known as process walks) into the shop floor, engineering, implementation of electronic batch records to eliminate manual errors, and focus on robustness of processes.

Throughout the process of remediating issues raised in the Warning Letter, we have been continually engaged with the U.S. FDA
in conveying the progress we have made.

We are fully committed to produce safe and efficacious products for our patients.
We have the highest respect for the U.S. FDA, its mission and its processes.

Asset purchase agreement with Teva Pharmaceutical
Industries Ltd

Refer to Note 42 of our consolidated financial statements.

Product launches

28

Table of Contents

For a list of other products we launched in the United States during the year
ended March 31, 2017, refer to Item 5.A – “Operating results”.

Principal capital expenditures:

During the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we invested Rs.12,234 million, Rs.11,933 million and
Rs.9,167 million (net of sales of capital assets), respectively, in capital expenditures for manufacturing, research and development facilities and other assets. We believe that these investments will create the capacity to support our
strategic growth agenda. As of March 31, 2017, we also had contractual commitments of Rs.5,256 million for capital expenditures. These commitments included Rs.5,042 million to be spent in India and Rs.214 million in other
countries. We currently intend to finance our additional capital expansion plans entirely through our operating cash flows and through cash and other investments.

4.B.
Business overview

Established in 1984, we are an integrated global pharmaceutical company committed to providing affordable and innovative
medicines through our three core business segments:

•   Global Generics;

•   Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (“PSAI”); and

•   Proprietary Products.

Global Generics.
This segment consists of our business of manufacturing and marketing prescription and
over-the-counter
 finished pharmaceutical products ready for consumption by the patient, marketed under a brand name (branded formulations) or as generic finished dosages with
therapeutic equivalence to branded formulations (generics). This segment includes the operations of our biologics business.

Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients
. This segment includes our business of manufacturing and
marketing active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, also known as “API” or bulk drugs, which are the principal ingredients for finished pharmaceutical products. Active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates become finished
pharmaceutical products when the dosages are fixed in a form ready for human consumption such as a tablet, capsule or liquid using additional inactive ingredients. This segment also includes our contract research services business and our
manufacture and sale of active pharmaceutical ingredients and steroids in accordance with the specific customer requirements.

Proprietary Products.
This segment consists of our business that focuses on the research, development, and
manufacture of differentiated formulations. These novel products fall within the dermatology and neurology therapeutic areas and are marketed and sold through Promius
®
 Pharma, LLC.

Others.
This includes the

operations of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Aurigene Discovery
Technologies Limited, a discovery stage biotechnology company developing novel and
best-in-class
 therapies in the fields of oncology and inflammation and which works
with established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in early-stage collaborations, bringing drug candidates from hit generation to
pre-clinical
 development.

We have a strong presence in highly regulated markets such as the United States, the United Kingdom and Germany, as well as
other key markets such as India, Russia, Romania, South Africa and certain countries of the former Soviet Union.

29

Table of Contents

OUR STRATEGY

Our strategy is guided by our core purpose of accelerating access to affordable and innovative medicines, because “Good
Health Can’t Wait”.

Spiraling health care costs across the world have put many medicines out of the reach of
millions of people who desperately need them. As a global pharmaceutical company, we take very seriously our responsibility to offer affordable alternatives to expensive medicines and help patients manage their disease better.

We deliver on our purpose through a set of promises we make to our customers and partners:

•   to bring expensive medicines within reach;

•   to address unmet patient needs;

•   to help patients manage disease better;

•   to work with partners to help them succeed; and

•   to enable and help our partners ensure that our products are always available where needed.

Our business strategy and operating priorities strive to fufill these promises. They are carefully
chosen to enable us to deliver the maximum positive impact on the lives of patients around the world. The key elements of our business strategy for achieving these promises include the following:

Strengths in science and technology

Our strengths in science and technology range from synthetic organic chemistry, formulation development, biologics development
and small molecule based drug discovery. Such expertise enables us to deliver
first-to-market,

difficult-to-make
 products with an industry leading intellectual property and technology leveraged product portfolio.

Product Offerings

Global Generics
: Through our branded and unbranded drug products, we aim to offer affordable alternatives to
highly-priced innovator brands, both directly and through key partnerships.

•   Branded Generics : We seek to have a portfolio that is strongly focused on delivering first-to-market, differentiated products to doctors and patients. Many of our brands hold significant market shares in the molecule and therapy areas where they are present.
We have also entered into strategic partnerships with third parties to sell our products in markets where we have not established our own sales and distribution operations.

•   Unbranded Generics : We aim to ensure that our development capabilities remain strong and enable us to
deliver products that are first to market, tough-to-make and technologically challenging.

•   Biologics : Our biologics business seeks to accelerate access to biosimilar products globally through
process development and relevant clinical research. We were the first company to launch a generic version of rituximab in 2007, and have launched 4 biosimilar products in India and other key markets.

Our vertical integration and process innovation helps to ensure that quality products are available to patients in need at all times.

Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients
: Our Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients segment is comprised
of our Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (“API”) business and our Custom Pharmaceutical Services (“CPS”) business. Through our API and CPS businesses, we aim to offer technologically advanced product lines and niche product
services through partnerships internally and externally.

•   Our product offerings in our API business are positioned to offer intellectual property and
technology-advantaged products to enable launches ahead of others at competitive prices.

•   Through our CPS business, we aim to offer niche product service capabilities, technology platforms, and
competitive cost structures to innovator and biotechnology companies.

30

Table of Contents

Proprietary Products
: Our Proprietary Products segment is comprised of our
differentiated formulations business in the therapeutic areas of dermatology and neurology. In this segment, we work to improve patient outcomes by identifying unmet and
under-met
 medical needs and addressing
them through innovative products and services that are affordable and accessible. We also have an internal pipeline of differentiated products in dermatology and neurology products in various stages of development. In addition, we have a commercial
portfolio of
in-licensed
 dermatology products.

Operating priorities

Execution excellence provides the framework to create sustainable customer value across all of our activities. We have been
investing in the following to achieve this:

•   Safety : The concept of safety has been imbued in the operating culture throughout our organization.
Specific initiatives are being carried out to increase safety awareness, to achieve a safe working environment, to avoid accidents and injuries, and to minimize the loss of manufacturing time.

•   Quality : We are fully dedicated to quality and have robust quality processes and systems in place at
our developmental and manufacturing facilities to ensure that every product is safe and of high quality. In addition, we have integrated “Quality by Design” to build quality into all processes and use quality tools to minimize process
risks.

•   Principles of the “Theory of Constraints” and Lean Manufacturing : Our supply chain and
product development processes are designed on the principles of the “Theory of Constraints” and lean manufacturing. This results in a responsive supply chain that is able to increase availability of products to the customer with reduced
cycle time and waste.

•   Leadership Development : We are focused on developing leaders, as well as enhancing leadership behavior,
across our organization.

OUR PRINCIPAL AREAS OF OPERATIONS

The following table shows our revenues and the percentage of total revenues of our business segments for the
years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively:

For the year ended March 31,
Segment   2017   2016   2015
(Rs. in millions, U.S.$ in millions)
Global Generics   U.S.$   1,780   Rs.   115,409   82   %   Rs.   128,062   83   %   Rs.   119,397   81   %
Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients   328   21,277   15   %   22,379   14   %   25,456   17   %
Proprietary Products   36   2,363   2   %   2,659   2   %   2,172   1   %
Others   27   1,760   1   %   1,608   1   %   1,164   1   %
Total Revenue   U.S.$   2,171   Rs.   140,809   100   %   Rs.   154,708   100   %   Rs.   148,189   100   %

Revenues by country and by therapeutic area for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and
2015 are discussed in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements.

Global Generics Segment

The production processes for finished dosages are similar, to a certain extent, regardless of whether the finished dosages are
to be marketed to highly regulated or less regulated markets. In many cases, the processes share common and interchangeable facilities and employee bases, and use similar raw materials. However, differences remain between highly regulated and less
regulated markets in terms of manufacturing, packaging and labeling requirements and the intensity of regulatory oversight, as well as the complexity of patent regimes.

While the degree of regulation in certain markets may impact product development, we are observing increasing convergence of development needs
throughout both highly regulated and less regulated markets. As a result, when we begin the development of a product, we may not necessarily target it at a particular market, but will instead target the product towards a cluster of markets that will
include both highly regulated and less regulated markets.

31

Table of Contents

Today, we are one of the leading generic pharmaceutical companies in the world.
With the integration of all the markets where we are selling generic pharmaceuticals into our Global Generics segment, our front-end business strategies in various markets and our support services in India are increasingly being developed with a
view to leverage our global infrastructure.

Our Global Generics segment’s revenues were Rs.115,409 million for
the year ended March 31, 2017, as compared to Rs.128,062 million for the year ended March 31, 2016. The decline is largely attributable to the segments operation in the United States and “Emerging Markets” (which is
comprised of Russia, other countries of the former Soviet Union, Romania and certain other countries from our “Rest of the World” markets, including South Africa, Australia and Venezuela), primarily in Venezuela. The following is a
discussion of the key markets in our Global Generics segment.

India

Approximately 20% of our Global Generics segment’s revenues in the year ended March 31, 2017 were derived from sales in
the Indian market. In India, our key therapeutic categories include gastro-intestinal, cardiovascular and anti-diabetic, pain management and oncology. We are also increasing our presence in the niche areas of dermatology, urology and nephrology.

As of March 31, 2017, we had a total of 283 branded products in India. Our top ten branded products together
accounted for 29% of our revenues in India in the year ended March 31, 2017. According to IMS Health, in its moving annual total report for the
12-month
 period ended March 31, 2017, our secondary
sales in India grew by 4.5%. In comparison, the Indian pharmaceutical market experienced growth of 9.1% during such period. IMS Health is a provider of market research to the Indian pharmaceutical industry. Strategic Marketing Solutions and Research
Center Private Limited (“SMSRC”), a prescription market research firm, in its report measuring pharmaceutical prescriptions in India for the period from January 2017 to February 2017, ranked us 10th in terms of the number of prescriptions
generated in India during such period.

Sales, marketing and distribution network

We generate demand for our products through our 5,778 sales representatives (which include representatives engaged by us on a
contract basis through a service provider) and front line managers, who frequently visit doctors to detail our related product portfolio. They also visit various pharmacies to ensure that our brands are adequately stocked.

We sell our products primarily through clearing and forwarding agents to approximately 3,000 wholesalers who decide which
brands to buy based on demand. The wholesalers pay for our products in an agreed credit period and in turn sell these products to retailers. Our clearing and forwarding agents are responsible for transporting our products to the wholesalers. We pay
our clearing and forwarding agents on a commission basis. We have insurance policies that cover our products during shipment and storage at clearing and forwarding locations.

Competition

We compete with different companies in the Indian formulations market, depending upon therapeutic and product categories and,
within each category, upon dosage strengths and drug delivery. On the basis of sales, we were the 13
th
 largest pharmaceutical company in India, with a market share of 2.3%, according to IMS Health
in its moving annual total report for the 12-month period ended March 31, 2017.

Some of the key observations on the
performance of the Indian pharmaceutical market, as published by IMS Health in its moving annual total report for the 12-month period ended March 31, 2017, are as follows:

•   The Indian pharmaceutical market experienced growth of 9.1% for such period;

•   New products launched in the preceding 24 months accounted for 4.3% of total Indian pharmaceutical
growth for such period;

•   The top 300 existing brands grew at a rate of 10.2%, which was 1.1% higher than the Indian
pharmaceutical market’s overall average, and together they account for 30.3% of the market’s total sales; and

•   There was an increasing emergence of bio-similar products to address the needs of patients in the
oncology therapeutic area.

32

Table of Contents

Our principal competitors in the Indian market include Cipla Limited, GlaxoSmithKline
Pharmaceuticals Limited, Cadila Healthcare Limited, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Piramal Enterprises Ltd, Alkem Limited, Mankind Pharma Limited, Pfizer Limited, Abbott India, Lupin Limited, Aristo Pharma Limited, Intas Pharmaceuticals
Ltd., Sanofi India Limited and Emcure Pharmaceuticals Limited.

Government regulations

The manufacturing and marketing of drugs, drug products and cosmetics in India is governed by many statutes, regulations and
guidelines, including but not limited to the following:

•   The Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945;

•   The Drugs and Magic Remedies (Objectionable Advertisements) Act, 1954;

•   The Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985;

•   The Drugs (Price Control) Order, 1995 and 2013, read in conjunction with the Essential Commodities Act, 1955;

•   The Medicinal and Toilet Preparations (Excise Duties) Act, 1955; and

•   The National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Policy, 2012.

These statutes, regulations and guidelines govern the testing, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, storing,
record-keeping,
 safety, approval, pricing, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products.

Pursuant to the amendments in May 2005 to Schedule Y of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, manufacturers of finished dosages
are required to submit additional technical data to the Drugs Controller General of India in order to obtain a
no-objection
 certificate for conducting clinical trials as well as to manufacture new drugs for
marketing.

An approval is required from the Ministry of Health before a generic equivalent of an existing or referenced
brand drug can be marketed. When processing a generics application, the Ministry of Health usually waives the requirement of conducting complete clinical studies, although it generally requires

bio-availability
 and/or
bio-equivalence
 studies.
“Bio-availability”
 indicates the rate and extent of absorption and
levels of concentration of a drug product in the blood stream needed to produce a therapeutic effect.
“Bio-equivalence”
 compares the bioavailability of one drug product with another, and when
established, indicates that the rate of absorption and levels of concentration of the active drug substance in the body are equivalent for the generic drug with the previously approved drug. A generic application may be submitted for a drug on the
basis that it is the equivalent of a previously approved drug. Before approving our generic products, the Ministry of Health also requires that our procedures and operations conform to current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”)
regulations, relating to good manufacturing practices as defined by various countries. We must follow the cGMP regulations at all times during the manufacture of our products. We continue to spend significant time, money and effort in the areas of
production and quality testing to help ensure full compliance with cGMP regulations.

The timing of final Ministry of
Health approval of a generic application depends on various factors, including patent expiration dates, sufficiency of data and regulatory approvals.

On March 22, 2005, the Government of India passed the Patents (Amendment) Bill, 2005 (the “2005 Amendment”),
introducing a product patent regime for food, chemicals and pharmaceuticals in India. The 2005 Amendment specifically provides that new medicines (patentability of which is not specifically excluded) for which a patent has been applied for in India
on or after January 1, 1995 and for which a patent is granted cannot be manufactured or sold in India by anyone other than the patent holder and its assignees and licensees. This has resulted in a reduction of new product introductions in India
for all Indian pharmaceutical companies engaged in the development and marketing of generic finished dosages and APIs. Processes for the manufacture of APIs and formulations were patentable in India even prior to the 2005 Amendment, so no additional
impact results from patenting of such processes.

Under the present drug policy of the Government of India, certain drugs
have been specified under the Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 2013 (the “DPCO”) as subject to price control. The Government of India established the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority, 2012 (“NPPA”), to control
pharmaceutical prices. Under the DPCO, the NPPA has the authority to fix the maximum selling price for specified products.

During the year ended March 31, 2013, the Department of Pharmaceuticals under the ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers
of the Government of India proposed the National Pharmaceuticals Pricing Policy, 2012, a revised national Pharmaceutical Pricing policy to apply price controls to 348 drugs listed in National List of Essential Medicines. Some of our formulation
products are subject to these price controls.

33

Table of Contents

On May 15, 2013, the Department of Pharmaceuticals released the DPCO
governing the price control mechanism for 348 drugs listed in the National List of Essential Medicines. Further, on March 10, 2016, the Department of Pharmaceuticals issued the Drugs (Prices Control) Amendment Order, 2016 (“DPCAO
2016”), which amended the Drugs (Price Control) Order, 2013 and revised the National List of Essential Medicines to add 106 medicines and delete 70 medicines. The National List of Essential Medicines, as revised, now contains 376 drugs.

During the year ended March 31, 2017, the NPPA announced revisions of the maximum prices for various products scheduled
on the the National List of Essential Medicines, which has adversely impacted our annual revenues from sales of these products in India by 4% for the year ended March 31, 2017.

That was followed with an announcement on March 3, 2017 of an increase in the maximum prices of various drugs, as a
result of positive inflation as measured by India’s Wholesale Price Index.

On March 12, 2016, the Department of
Health and Family Welfare under the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India banned 344 fixed dose combination drugs (i.e., two or more active drugs combined in a fixed ratio into a single dosage). A number of pharmaceutical
companies, including us, filed a writ petition before the Delhi High Court challenging the ban. The Delhi High Court initially granted an interim stay on the ban notification. On December 1, 2016, The Delhi High Court overturned the government
imposed ban on the 344 fixed dosage combinations. Subsequently, the Government of India has filed an appeal of the decision in the Supreme Court of India, which appeal is currently pending. In the event that this ban becomes effective, it could
adversely impact our revenues by approximately 0.5% on an annual basis. Further, it could adversely impact the Indian pharmaceutical industry by approximately 3.1% on an annual basis (as per AWACS, a provider of market research to the Indian
Pharmaceutical Industry).

Such ongoing price control changes, product bans and other changes can disrupt the Indian
branded pharmaceutical market and negatively impact the revenues and profitability of our Indian business and our company.

Russia and other
Countries of the former Soviet Union

Russia

Russia accounted for 10% of our Global Generics segment’s revenues in the year ended March 31, 2017. IMS Health
ranked us 17th in sales in Russia, with a market share of 1.5% for the 12 months ended March 31, 2017.

According to
IMS Health, as per its moving annual total report for the 12 months ended March 31, 2017, our sales value growth and sales volume increase were 4.5% and 5.1%, respectively, for such period as compared to the Russian pharmaceutical market value
growth of 5.6% and sales volume decrease of 3.9%, respectively, for such period. We were the top ranked Indian pharmaceutical company in Russia for such period.

Our top four brands, Nise, Omez, Ketorol and Cetrine, accounted for 55% of our Global Generics segment’s revenues in
Russia for the year ended March 31, 2017. Omez (an anti-ulcerant product), Nise and Ketorol (both pain management products) and Cetrine (a respiratory product) were ranked as the 64th, 19th, 152nd and 190th best-selling formulation brands,
respectively, in the Russian market by IMS Health in its moving retail segment report for the 12 months ended March 31, 2017.

Our strategy in Russia is to focus on the gastro-intestinal, pain management, anti-infectives, respiratory, oncology and
cardiovascular therapeutic areas. Our focus is on building leading brands in these therapeutic areas in prescription,
over-the-counter
 and hospital sales. Nise, Omez,
Ketorol, Cetrine and Ciprolet continue to be brand leaders in their respective categories, as reported by IMS Health in its moving report for the
12-months
 ended March 31, 2017

Our Global Generics segment’s revenues in Russia increased by 8% (in Russian rouble absolute currency terms) during the
year ended March 31, 2017, which was driven by increased marketing and pharmacy chain activities for
over-the-counter
 medicines. However, such revenues, measured in
Indian rupees, increased by 9% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016.

34

Table of Contents

Other Countries of the former Soviet Union and Romania

We operate in other countries of the former Soviet Union, including Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Belarus and Uzbekistan, and also
operate in Romania. For the year ended March 31, 2017, revenues from these countries accounted for approximately 3% of our total Global Generics segment’s revenues.

Sales, marketing and distribution network

Our marketing and promotion efforts in our Russian prescription division is driven by a team of 288 medical representatives and
38 managers to detail our products to doctors in 77 cities in Russia.

Our Russian
over-the-counter
 (“OTC”) division has 212 medical representatives and 30 managers and is focused on establishing a network of relationships with key pharmacy chains and individual pharmacies. Our
Russian hospital division has 40 hospital specialists and 17 key account managers, and is focused on expanding our presence in hospitals and institutes.

In Russia, we generally extend credit only to customers after they have established a satisfactory history of payment with us.
The credit terms offered to these customers are based on turnover, payment record and the number of the customers’ branches or pharmacies, and are reviewed on a periodic basis. We review the credit terms offered to our key customers on a
periodic basis and modify them to take into account the macro-economic scenario in Russia.

Competition

Our principal competitors in the Russian market include Gedeon Richter RUS (an affiliate of Gedeon Ritcher PLC), Krka Pharma
Limited, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.,
Lek-Sandoz
 Pharmaceuticals (an affiliate of Novartis Pharma A.G.), Zao Ranbaxy (an affiliate of Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited), Nycomed International Management
GmbH and Zentiva N.V. (an affiliate of Sanofi-Aventis S.A.).

Government regulation

Promotion of local industry

In order to promote local industry, in October 2009 the Russian government announced the Strategy of Pharmaceutical Industry
Development in the Russian Federation for the period up to the year 2020 (or the “Pharma 2020 plan”), which aims to develop the research, development and manufacturing of pharmaceutical products by Russia’s domestic pharmaceutical
industry. The goal of the Pharma 2020 plan is to reduce Russia’s reliance on imported pharmaceutical products and increase Russia’s self-sufficiency in that regard.

Reference pricing regime

During the year ended March 31, 2010, the Russian government announced a reference pricing regime, pursuant to which a
price freeze on certain drugs categorized as “essential” was implemented effective as of April 2010. Pharmaceutical companies have had to register maximum import prices for approximately 5,000 drugs on a list of “Essential and Vital
Drugs” (also known as the “ZhNVLS”). During the year ended March 31, 2011, the Russian government announced price
re-registration
 in local currency (Russian roubles) for drugs categorized
as “essential” and the new registered prices were effective as of December 10, 2010. Also, effective as of September 1, 2010, the price controls on certain drugs categorized as

“non-essential”
 were removed by the Russian Ministry of Health.

For the
past several years, the Russian Ministry of Industry and Trade has enacted and renewed short term government regulations under which local manufacturers (i.e., in Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan) get a 15% price preference over
non-local
 manufacturers in procurement tenders by the state.

State Regulation of Prices for Vital
and Essential Medicines

Russia’s Federal Law No.
34-FZ
 dated
March 8, 2015 amended the Federal Law
61-FZ
 “On Circulation of Medicines”. The amendments created new rules for the registration, manufacture and quality control of medicines, including new
rules for the calculation and registration of the maximum retail prices of vital and essential medicines established by the ZhNVLS.

Calculation of the maximum sale price for medicines included in the ZhNVLS list are determined by the Government of the
Russian Federation taking into account a variety of economic and/or social criteria. The updated EDL lists for 2017, approved by the Decree of the Government No.
2885-p
 dated December 28, 2016, became
effective from January 1, 2017.

35

Table of Contents

These lists include the list of drugs for provision to specific groups of citizens, medicines prescribed by a decision of a medical commission of medical organizations, medical supplies from the
7 Nosologies program list (which covers expensive treatments for patients with certain severe chronic diseases), as well as the minimum range of medicines required for medical aid.

Restrictions on access of foreign drugs

The Russian Government approved the Priority Action Plan for sustainable economic and social stability development in 2015 (the
“Priority Action Plan”). The Priority Action Plan was signed by the Russian Prime Minister on January 27, 2015. The key areas that may impact the pharmaceutical industry in the Priority Action Plan are (i) supporting import
substitution; (ii) optimization of budget costs and reduction of inefficient expenses; and (iii) particularly, in the public healthcare area, the following measures:

•   On February 2, 2015, the Russian Ministry of Health (“MoH”), Russian Federal Service on Tariffs
and Russian Ministry of Economic Development (“MoED”) amended the Federal Law 61-FZ “On Circulation of Medicines “ to provide the possibility of one-time indexation of prices for low-cost essential drugs;

•   On February 27, 2015, the Russian Ministry of Finance, MoH and MoED suggested improvements for public
drugs supply; and

•   On February 15, 2015, the Russian Ministry of Industry and Trade enacted restrictions on access of
foreign drugs to state procurement tenders, if two or more locally manufactured drugs participate in the relevant tender. The new regulation No. 1289 of the Russian Government came into effect on December 10, 2015 and affects medicines
included in Russia’s Vital and Essential Drugs List. However, the restrictions were relaxed for purchases of drugs packaged in countries of the Eurasian Economic Union until December 31, 2016.

Interactions between healthcare professionals and medical product companies

During the year ended March 31, 2012, Russia introduced Federal Law # 323, titled “On the Foundations of Healthcare
for Russian Citizens”. This law imposes stringent restrictions on interactions between (i) healthcare professionals, pharmacists, healthcare management organizations, opinion leaders (both governmental and from the private sector) and
certain other parties (collectively referred to as “healthcare decision makers”) and (ii) companies that produce or distribute drugs or medical equipment (collectively referred to as “medical product companies”) and any
representatives or intermediaries acting on their behalf (collectively referred to as “medical product representatives”). Some of the key provisions of this law are prohibitions on:

•   one-on-one meetings and
communications between healthcare professionals and medical product representatives, except for participation in clinical trials, pharmacovigilance, group educational events and certain other limited exceptions approved by Russia’s Healthcare
Organization Administration;

•   the acceptance by a healthcare professional of compensation, gifts or entertainment paid by medical product
representatives;

•   the agreement by a healthcare professional to prescribe or recommend a drug product or medical equipment; or

•   the engagement by a healthcare decision maker in a “conflict of interest” transaction with a medical
product representative, unless approved by regulators pursuant to certain specified procedures.

At the
end of 2013, the State Duma (i.e., the lower chamber of the Russian parliament) adopted a series of amendments to various healthcare related laws. Among other things, the “Law on Medicines” was amended to add regulations restricting
interactions between medical product representatives with medical professionals in connection with events sponsored by medical product companies. Under these regulations, in the event that medical product companies wish to sponsor certain
scientific, medical education or similar events, they are required to disclose the date, place and time of the event and the plans, programs and agendas for discussion.

Disclosure is to be made by publishing appropriate information on their official websites not later than two months before the indicated
events, and the same information shall also be sent to Russia’s Federal Healthcare Service (Roszdravnadzor).

36

Table of Contents

Liability for
non-compliance
 with such
restrictions extends to both the healthcare professional and the medical product representative. Except for requiring the disclosure of information on conflicts of interest, no specific liability has been currently prescribed for medical product
companies.

On July 2, 2013, the Ministry of Health of the Government of Russia published an order on its website
that binds physicians to prescribe medicinal products by International Nonproprietary Name (i.e., active substance) or by combination list (which combines different International Nonproprietary Names in one treatment group).

Russia signed the agreement on a common market for medicines within the Eurasian Economic Union

The Eurasian Economic Union (“EEU”), whose member states are Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Armenia, and Kyrgyzstan,
officially started functioning on January 1, 2015. Among other things, the member states of the EEU signed an international agreement establishing common principles and rules of functioning of the market for medicines within the EEU, which
agreement was originally expected to be made effective from January 1, 2016.

For these purposes, the member states are working on
the necessary regulatory framework and EEU plans for its member states to sign 25 acts governing various stages of drugs circulation. According to the agreement, the market authorization for a particular medicine received in one EEU member state
will be valid throughout the whole EEU territory.

Russian GMP required for medicines registration

Effective January 1, 2016, foreign medicinal products (i.e., manufactured outside of Russia) became subject to the
following requirements:

•   for the initial state registration of a foreign medicinal product, it is required to present a statement of
conformity of the manufacture thereof to Russian GMP standards issued by a Russian authority; and

•   for re-registration of a foreign medicinal product, it was sufficient
to present a certificate of GMP compliance (obtained in the country of origin) to the applicable GMP standards in the country of origin, issued by the relevant foreign authority with a certified Russian translation.

However, effective January 1, 2017,
re-registrations
 of a foreign medicinal product also are
subject to the requirement to present a document regarding conformity to Russian GMP standards issued by a Russian authority.

Monitoring System of Movement of Medicines from the Producer to the Final Consumer

The Ministry of Health in Russia has proposed a full serialization system to track and trace the passage of pharmaceuticals
through the entire supply chain, from the manufacturers to the end users. The proposed federal repository and tracking system would provide the manufacturers, supply chain and end users of pharmaceuticals many functionalities. Listed below are some
of the functions that would be available in addition to the usual authentication and track and trace services:

•   the system would provide price controls on products designated as vital and essential medicines;

•   consumers would be able to compare the price of the drug to its official price limit, find which pharmacies do
have the drug available, and get the product information.;

•   manufacturers would be able to get real time data on the logistics and storage of their products in the
market;

•   pharmacists could get information related to the price, and monitor expiration dates;

•   health care institutions would be able to track registration and prices; and

•   federal agencies would have capability to monitor all medicinal products on the market to facilitate price
controls as well as report on and analyze the industry.

The decree was adopted by the Russian
Federation for the implementation of the pilot project from the period of February 1, 2017 to December 31, 2017. The Russian government intends to study the pilot project and expects to implement this system for the entire pharmaceutical
sector in the coming years.

37

Table of Contents

Political Instability

There has been severe political instability in Ukraine following civilian riots and political unrest which began in November
2013, destabilization of the Ukrainian President’s office in February 2014, and subsequent military action in the destabilized country operating under a temporary government.

As a result of ongoing conflict in the region, the United States and the European Union have imposed sanctions on certain
designated individuals and companies in Ukraine and Russia. These sanctions were targeted at persons threatening the peace and security of Ukraine, senior officials of the Government of the Russian Federation and the energy, defense and financial
services sectors of Russia, but they have had macroeconomic consequences beyond those persons and industries. In December 2014, the United States imposed further sanctions aimed at blocking new investments in the Crimea region of Ukraine which was
annexed by Russia, and blocking trade between the United States or U.S. persons and Crimea. These sanctions also authorized the United States government to impose sanctions on any U.S. persons determined to be operating in the Crimea region of
Ukraine, subject to certain authorizations for the export and reexport of certain agricultural commodities, medicine, medical supplies, and replacement parts to Crimea.

Political instability in the region has combined with low worldwide oil prices to significantly devalue the Russian rouble. In
addition, the Ukrainian hryvnia experienced significant devaluation in 2014 and 2015. The possibility of additional sanctions implemented by the United States and/or the European Union against Russia or vice versa, continued political instability,
civil strife, deteriorating macroeconomic conditions and actual or threatened military action in the region may result in serious economic challenges in Ukraine, Russia and the surrounding areas.

Among our operations, we are engaged in sales, distribution and marketing of pharmaceutical products in Russia and Ukraine,
including the Crimea region, all through
non-U.S.
 entities that sell to distributors. Our sales in Russia and Ukraine are not to any of the individuals, companies or sectors designated by the current
sanctions, and our sales in the Crimea region accounted for approximately 1% of our total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2017. We do not believe that our business in Russia, Ukraine or the Crimea region violates any of the current
sanctions. However, relevant regulators could take a view that is different from ours on this issue. We continue to monitor our subsidiaries’ activities in light of the restrictions imposed by these and any future sanctions.

North America (the United States and Canada)

During the year ended March 31, 2017, North America (the United States and Canada) accounted for 55% of our total Global
Generics segment sales. In the United States, we sell generic drugs that are the chemical and therapeutic equivalents of reference branded drugs, typically sold under their generic chemical names at prices below those of their brand drug
equivalents. Generic drugs are finished pharmaceutical products ready for consumption by the patient. These drugs are required to meet the U.S. FDA standards that are similar to those applicable to their brand-name equivalents and must receive
regulatory approval prior to their sale.

Generic drugs may be manufactured and marketed only if relevant patents on their
brand name equivalents and any additional government-mandated market exclusivity periods have expired, been challenged and invalidated, or otherwise validly circumvented.

Generic pharmaceutical sales have increased significantly in recent years, partly due to an increased awareness and acceptance
among consumers, physicians and pharmacists that generic drugs are the equivalent of brand name drugs. Among the factors contributing to this increased awareness are the passage of legislation permitting or encouraging substitution and the
publication by regulatory authorities of lists of equivalent drugs, which provide physicians and pharmacists with generic drug alternatives. In addition, various government agencies and many private managed care or insurance programs encourage the
substitution of generic drugs for brand-name pharmaceuticals as a cost-savings measure in the purchase of, or reimbursement for, prescription drugs. We believe that these factors should lead to continued expansion of the generic pharmaceuticals
market as a whole. We intend to capitalize on the opportunities resulting from this expansion of the market by leveraging our product development capabilities, manufacturing capacities inspected by various international regulatory agencies and
access to our own APIs, which offer significant supply chain efficiencies.

In April 2008, we acquired BASF’s
pharmaceutical contract manufacturing business and related facility in Shreveport, Louisiana, U.S.A. The acquisition included the relevant business, customer contracts, certain supplier contracts, related Abbreviated New Drug Applications
(“ANDAs”) and New Drug Applications (“NDAs”), trademarks, as well as the manufacturing facility and assets owned by BASF in Shreveport, Louisiana. The facility is designed to manufacture solid, semi-solid and liquid dosage forms.

38

Table of Contents

In March 2011, we acquired from GlaxoSmithKline plc and Glaxo Group Limited
(collectively, “GSK”) a penicillin-based antibiotics manufacturing site in Bristol, Tennessee, U.S.A., the product rights for GSK’s Augmentin
®
 and Amoxil
®
 brands of oral penicillin-based antibiotics in the United States (GSK retained the existing rights for these brands outside the United States), certain raw materials and finished goods inventory
associated with Augmentin
®
, and rights to receive certain transitional services from GSK. The acquisition enabled us to enter the U.S. oral antibiotics market with a comprehensive product
filing and a dedicated manufacturing site. During the year ended March 31, 2016, due to extensive competition, we discontinued certain antibiotic products or dosage strengths thereof and implemented a related workforce reduction. During the
year ended March 31, 2017, we discontinued four additional antibiotic products due to issues with the availability of their active pharmaceutical ingredients.

During the year ended March 31, 2017, we continued our efforts to grow the Habitrol
®
 business (an
over-the-counter
 Nicotine Replacement Therapy transdermal patch) that we acquired from Novartis
Consumer Healthcare Inc. during the year ended March 31, 2015, having fully integrated the business. The Habitrol
®
 business has shown healthy growth as a result of our expansion of
distribution into new channels and our product innovations. We believe that there are signficant growth opportunities in the smoking cessation category in the United States, and intend to continue growing the business through our focus on expansion
in availability and portfolio augmentation.

Through the coordinated efforts of our teams in the United States and India,
we constantly seek to expand our pipeline of generic products. During the year ended March 31, 2017, we made 26 ANDA filings in the United States, including 11 Paragraph IV filings. During the year ended March 31, 2017, the U.S. FDA
granted us 8 final ANDA approvals. As of March 31, 2017, we had filed a cumulative total of 254 ANDA in the United States, out of which 92 ANDAs were pending approval at the U.S. FDA, including 11 tentative approvals. As of March 31, 2017,
we had also filed three NDAs under section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act in the United States, one of which has received final approval.

During the year ended March 31, 2017, we
in-licensed
 twenty ANDAs in the
United States, of which thirteen are Paragraph IV filings. As of March 31, 2017, we have
in-licensed
 a cumulative total of thirty ANDAs in the United States, out of which twenty-four were pending approval
with the U.S. FDA.

Additionally, during the year ended March 31, 2017 we acquired from Ducere Pharma the rights to
six
over-the-counter
 brand products within the
cough-and-cold,
 pain, and dermatology
therapeutic areas, including Doan’s, Bufferin and Nupercainal.

Our Canada business generated revenues of
Rs.307 million during the year ended March 31, 2017. This business includes revenues from certain profit sharing arrangements with distributors who market certain of our generic products.As of March 31, 2017 we have filed a cumulative
total of 25 Abbreviated New Drug Submissions (“ANDS”) in Canada, out of which, 16 were approved, 6 are pending submissions, and 3 were withdrawn or rejected.

Sales, Marketing and Distribution Network

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary in Princeton, New Jersey, United States, is primarily
engaged in the marketing of our generic products in the United States. In early 2003, we commenced sales of generic products under our own label. We have our own sales and marketing team to market these generic products. Our key account
representatives for generic products call on procurement buyers for chain drug stores, drug wholesalers and distributors, mass merchandisers, group purchasing organizations (“GPOs”) for hospitals, specialty distributors and pharmacy buying
groups.

The majority of revenue from our North America generics business is derived from sales of oral solids, as well as
sales of various products (both oral solids and others) to retail chains. This portion of the business represents nearly three quarters of this segment’s gross revenues for this region. The product portfolio includes a wide range of therapeutic
areas. During the year ended March 31, 2016, we acquired from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (“Teva”) and an affiliate of Allergan plc a portfolio of eight Abbreviated New Drug Applications (“ANDAs”) for our North
American Generics business. The deal, valued at $350 million, represents the largest assets acquisition in our history.

Our
over-the-counter
 (“OTC”)
division primarily markets and distributes store brand OTC products, but has expanded into the branded OTC segment in May 2016, developing a new channel for our growth. This division has successfully launched over 10 products. OTC products
include store brand generic equivalents of products that originally have prescription drug status and are switched to OTC drug status by the innovator upon U.S. FDA approval (sometimes called
“Rx-to-OTC
 switch” products). Our entry into the OTC branded division in May 2016 was through the acquisition from Ducere Pharma of the rights to six OTC brand products, including Doan’s,
Bufferin and Nupercainal. Our OTC division services a broad range of customers, including drug retailers, mass merchandisers, food chains, drug wholesalers and distributors, and GPOs. For the year ended March 31, 2017, our OTC division
generated Rs.10,919 million in revenues.

39

Table of Contents

A portion of our revenue is derived from the sale of injectable products in the
therapeutic area of oncology. Our injectable product portfolio in the United States currently consists of azacitidine, decitabine, zoledronic acid, and docetaxel. We have also expanded our presence from drug wholesalers to specialty distributors,
integrated distribution networks (“IDNs”), clinics, and hospitals to market these products. We also supply products for private label customers for injectable prescription products.

Competition

Revenues and gross profit derived from the sales of generic pharmaceutical products are affected by certain regulatory and
competitive factors. As patents and regulatory exclusivity for brand name products expire, the first manufacturer to receive regulatory approval for generic equivalents of such products is generally able to achieve significant market penetration. As
competing manufacturers receive regulatory approvals on similar products, market share, revenues and gross profit typically decline, in some cases significantly. Accordingly, the level of market share, revenues and gross profit attributable to a
particular generic product is normally dependent upon the number of competitors and the timing of that product’s regulatory approval and launch, in relation to competing approvals and launches. Consequently, we must continue to develop and
introduce new products in a timely and cost-effective manner to maintain our revenues and gross margins. In addition, the other competitive factors critical to this business include price, product quality, consistent and reliable product supplies,
customer service and reputation. Our major competitors in the United States include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Mylan Inc., Sandoz (a division of Novartis Pharma A.G.), Endo Pharmaceuticals (including its subsidiary Par Pharmaceutical),
Sun Pharmaceuticals Limited and Lupin Limited.

Continued consolidation of customer purchasing power through acquisitions,
alliances and joint ventures continues to intensify the competition and drive down prices. Consolidation of manufacturers is also continuing and, at the same time, new manufacturers continue to enter the generic market in the United States, which
may further lower our pricing power and adversely affect our revenues in that market.

Brand name manufacturers have
devised numerous strategies to delay competition from lower-cost generic versions of their products. One of these strategies is to change the dosage form or dosing regimen of the brand product prior to generic introduction, which may reduce the
demand for the original dosage form as sought by a generic ANDA dossier applicant or create regulatory delays, sometimes significant, while the generic applicant, to the extent possible, amends its ANDA dossier to match the changes in the brand
product. In many of these instances, the changes to the brand product may be protected by patent or exclusivities, further delaying generic introduction. Another strategy is the launch by the innovator or its licensee of an “authorized
generic” during the
180-day
 generic exclusivity period, resulting in two generic products competing in the market rather than just the product that obtained the generic exclusivity. This may result in
reduced revenues for the generic company which has been awarded the generic exclusivity period.

The U.S. market for OTC
pharmaceutical products is highly competitive. Competition is based on a variety of factors, including price, quality, product mix, customer service, marketing support, and the reliability and flexibility of the supply chain for products. Our
competition in store brand and innovator branded products in the United States consists of several publicly traded and privately owned companies, including large brand-name pharmaceutical companies. The competition is highly fragmented in terms of
both geographic market coverage and product categories, such that a competitor generally does not compete across all product lines. In the store brand market, we compete directly with companies, such as Perrigo, that sell store brand OTC
products. In the branded market, we compete directly with companies, such as Bayer and Pfizer, that sell branded OTC products.

With the acquisition of Habitrol
®
, we now not only compete with store
brands but also with large branded companies such as GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Care, which is an industry leader in the nicotine replacement therapy category. In addition, since a majority of our products are generic equivalents of innovator brands,
we also compete against large brand-name pharmaceutical companies.

The competitive landscape and market dynamics of the OTC market are
rapidly evolving. Large brand-name pharmaceutical companies have begun to more aggressively pursue
Rx-to-OTC
 switches in new categories, which could present
opportunities for us and other companies that sell store brand products. At the same time, pricing pressures continue to increase with the entry of new competitors in the market. On key select molecules, the expectation is that competition in
this area will continue to grow as newer categories experience
Rx-to-OTC
 switches.

40

Table of Contents

Government regulations

U.S. REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT

All pharmaceutical manufacturers that sell products in the United States are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S.
federal government, principally pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the Hatch-Waxman Act, the Generic Drug Enforcement Act and other federal government statutes and regulations. These regulations govern or influence the testing,
manufacturing, packaging, labeling, storing, record keeping, safety, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of products.

Our facilities and products are periodically inspected by the U.S. FDA, which has extensive enforcement powers over the
activities of pharmaceutical manufacturers.
Non-compliance
 with applicable requirements can result in fines, criminal penalties, civil injunction against shipment of products, recall and seizure of products,
total or partial suspension of production, sale or import of products, refusal of the U.S. government to enter into supply contracts or to approve new drug applications and criminal prosecution. The U.S. FDA also has the authority to deny or revoke
approvals of drug active pharmaceutical ingredients and dosage forms and the power to halt the operations of
non-complying
 manufacturers. Any failure to comply with applicable U.S. FDA policies and regulations
could have a material adverse effect on the operations in our generics business.

U.S. FDA approval of an ANDA is required
before a generic equivalent of an existing or referenced brand drug can be marketed. The ANDA approval process is abbreviated because the U.S. FDA waives the requirement of conducting complete clinical studies, although it generally requires
bio-availability
 and/or
bio-equivalence
 studies. An ANDA may be submitted for a drug on the basis that it is the equivalent of a previously approved drug or, in the case of a
new dosage form, is suitable for use for the indications specified.

An ANDA applicant in the United States is required to
review the patents of the innovator listed in the U.S. FDA publication entitled Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the “Orange Book,” and make an appropriate certification. There are several
different types of certifications that can be made. A Paragraph IV filing is made when the ANDA applicant believes its product or its manufacture, use or sales thereof does not infringe on the innovator’s patents listed in the Orange Book or
where the applicant believes that such patents are not valid or enforceable. The first generic company to file a Paragraph IV filing may be eligible to receive a
six-month
 marketing exclusivity period starting
from either the first commercial marketing of the drug by any of the first applicants or a decision of a court holding the patent that is the subject of the paragraph IV certification to be invalid or not infringed. A Paragraph III filing is made
when the ANDA applicant does not intend to market its generic product until the patent expiration. A Paragraph II filing is made where the patent has already expired. A Paragraph I filing is made when there are no patents listed in the Orange Book.
Another type of certification is made where a patent claims a method of use, and the ANDA applicant’s proposed label does not claim that method of use. When an innovator has listed more than one patent in the Orange Book, the ANDA applicant
must file separate certifications as to each patent.

Before approving a product, the FDA also requires that our
procedures and operations conform to current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) regulations, relating to good manufacturing practices as defined in the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations. We must follow cGMP regulations at all times during
the manufacture of our products. We continue to spend significant time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality to help ensure full compliance with cGMP regulations.

The timing of final U.S. FDA approval of an ANDA depends on a variety of factors, including whether the applicant challenges
any listed patents for the drug and whether the brand-name manufacturer is entitled to one or more statutory exclusivity periods, during which the U.S. FDA may be prohibited from accepting applications for, or approving, generic products. In certain
circumstances, a regulatory exclusivity period can extend beyond the life of a patent, and thus block ANDAs from being approved on the patent expiration date.

41

Table of Contents

This “pediatric exclusivity” program under The Best Pharmaceuticals for
Children Act provides a
six-month
 period of extended exclusivity, applicable to certain listed patents and to other regulatory exclusivities for all formulations of an active ingredient, if the sponsor
performs and submits pediatric studies requested by the FDA within specified timeframes. An effect of this program has been to delay the launch of numerous generic products by an additional six months.

The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the “Medicare Act of 2003”) modified
certain provisions of the Hatch-Waxman Act. In particular, significant changes were made to provisions governing
180-day
 exclusivity and forfeiture thereof where the first Paragraph IV certification was
submitted on or after December 8, 2003.

Under the revised provisions,

180-day
 exclusivity is awarded to each ANDA applicant submitting a Paragraph IV certification for the same drug with regard to any patent on the first day that any ANDA applicant submits a Paragraph IV
certification for the same drug.
The180-day
 exclusivity period begins on the date of first commercial marketing of the drug by any of the first applicants or a decision of a court holding the patent that is
the subject of the paragraph IV certification to be invalid or not infringed.

However, a first applicant may forfeit its
exclusivity in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to (a) failure to obtain tentative approval within 30 months after the application is filed or (b) failure to market its drug by the later of two dates calculated as follows: (x)
75 days after approval or 30 months after submission of the ANDA, whichever comes first, or (y) 75 days after each patent for which the first applicant is qualified for
180-day
 exclusivity is either
(1) the subject of a final court decision holding that the patent is invalid, not infringed, or unenforceable or (2) withdrawn from listing with the U.S. FDA (court decisions qualify if either the first applicant or any applicant with a
tentative approval is a party; a final court decision is a decision by a court of appeals or a decision by a district court that is not appealed). The foregoing is an abbreviated summary of certain provisions of the Medicare Act of 2003, and
accordingly such act should be consulted for a complete understanding of both the provisions described above and other important provisions related to
180-day
 exclusivity and forfeiture thereof.

The federal Controlled Substances Act (the “CSA”) and its implementing regulations establish a closed system of
controlled substance distribution for legitimate handlers. The CSA imposes registration, security, recordkeeping and reporting, storage, manufacturing, distribution, importation and other requirements upon legitimate handlers under the oversight of
the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (the “DEA”). The DEA categorizes controlled substances into one of five schedules — Schedule I, II, III, IV, or V — with varying qualifications for listing in each schedule. Facilities
that manufacture, distribute, import or export any controlled substance must register annually with the DEA. The DEA inspects manufacturing facilities to review security, record keeping and reporting and handling prior to issuing a controlled
substance registration. Failure to maintain compliance with applicable requirements, particularly as manifested in the loss or diversion of controlled substances, can result in enforcement action, such as civil penalties, refusal to renew necessary
registrations, or the initiation of proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal prosecution.

Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act and Generic Drug User Fee Agreement

In 2012, the United States enacted the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act (“FDASIA”), a landmark
legislation intended to enhance the safety and security of the U.S. drug supply chain by imposing stricter oversight and by holding all drug manufacturers supplying products to the United States to the same U.S. FDA inspection standards.
Specifically, prior to the passage of FDASIA, U.S. law required U.S. based manufacturers to be inspected by the U.S. FDA every two years but remained silent with respect to foreign manufacturers, causing some foreign manufacturers to go as many as
nine years without a routine U.S. FDA current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) inspection, according to the Government Accountability Office. FDASIA requires foreign manufacturers to have cGMP inspections at least every two years, or
more frequently for manufacturers with high risk profiles.

FDASIA also includes the Generic Drug User Fee Agreement
(“GDUFA”), a program to provide the U.S. FDA with additional funds through newly imposed user fees on generic and biosimilar products. These new fees were estimated to total approximately $1.5 billion through 2018, and were intended
to fund increases in the U.S. FDA’s operations and staffing with a focus on three key aims:

•   Safety – To ensure that industry participants, foreign or domestic, are held to consistent quality
standards and are inspected with foreign and domestic parity using a risk-based approach.

•   Access – To expedite the availability of generic drugs by bringing greater predictability to the
review times for ANDAs, amendments and supplements and improving timeliness in the review process.

42

Table of Contents

•   Transparency – To enhance the U.S. FDA’s visibility into the complex global supply
environment by requiring the identification of facilities involved in the manufacture of drugs and associated active pharmaceutical ingredients, and improve the U.S. FDA’s communications and feedback with industry.

The establishment of dedicated biosimilar fees was also intended to help ensure that the U.S. FDA has appropriate resources
for managing the introduction of biosimilar products on the U.S. market. Under GDUFA, 70% of the total fees are derived from facility fees paid by finished dosage form manufacturers and active pharmaceutical ingredient facilities listed or
referenced in a pending or approved generic drug application. The remaining 30% of the total fees are derived from application fees, including generic drug application fees, prior approval supplement fees and drug master file fees. FDASIA extended
the user fee program through September 30, 2017, at which time the the current fee programs approved under FDASIA will sunset unless further extended.

U.S. FDA Proposed New Labeling Rule

On November 13, 2013, the U.S. FDA proposed a new labeling rule which the agency believes will speed up the dissemination
of new safety information about generic drugs to health professionals and patients by allowing generic drug manufacturers to use the same process as brand drug manufacturers to update safety information in the product labeling. Under the proposal,
generic drug manufacturers would be able to independently update product labeling (also called prescribing information or package inserts) with newly-acquired safety information before the U.S. FDA’s review of the change, in the same way brand
drug manufacturers do today. Generic manufacturers would also be required to inform the brand name manufacturer about the change. The U.S. FDA would then evaluate whether the proposed change is justified and make an approval decision on the generic
drug labeling change and the corresponding brand drug labeling change at the same time, so that brand and generic drug products would ultimately have the same U.S.
FDA-approved
 prescribing information.

Currently, generic manufacturers must wait to update product safety information until the corresponding brand name product has
received approval to update its safety information. Brand drug manufacturers are allowed to independently update and promptly distribute updated safety information by submitting a “changes being effected” (“CBE”) supplement to
the U.S. FDA. Generic manufacturers must notify the U.S. FDA of new safety information, and wait for the U.S. FDA and the brand manufacturer to determine the updated labeling, which may result in a delay in getting new information to health care
professionals and patients.

Under current law, generic and brand drug manufacturers are required to promptly review
safety information about their drugs and comply with the U.S. FDA’s reporting and recordkeeping requirements. When new information becomes available that causes the product labeling to be inaccurate, all drug manufacturers must take steps to
update the labeling.

To enhance transparency while the U.S. FDA is reviewing the change and to make safety-related changes
to drug labeling quickly available to health care professionals and the public, the U.S. FDA plans to create a web page where safety-related changes proposed by all drug manufacturers would be posted. Members of the public could subscribe to receive
updates.

Because the current regulatory scheme only permits a generic manufacturer to use the CBE process to update its
label if the branded drug manufacturer changes its label first, this can prevent generic manufacturers from complying with state law warning requirements. As a result, state product liability suits based on
failure-to-warn
 and design defect claims against generics manufacturers have generally been held
pre-empted
 by Federal law, and in June 2013 the United States Supreme
Court upheld such
pre-emption
 and immunity of generic manufacturers in
Mutual Pharmaceutical Co. v. Bartlett
.

If the U.S. FDA’s proposed new rule is adopted, it may eliminate this
pre-emption

and increase our potential exposure to lawsuits relating to product safety, side effects and warnings on labels. This new potential exposure to lawsuits may also increase the risk that, in the future, we may not be able to obtain the type and amount
of insurance coverage we desire at an acceptable price and self-insurance may become the sole commercially reasonable means available for managing the product liability risks of our business.

Comments on the proposed labeling rule were initially due on March 13, 2014. However, the U.S. FDA subsequently reopened
the comment period from February 18, 2015 until April 27, 2015 in light of both the significant amount of interest in the proposal and the emergence of alternate proposals put forth and endorsed by the generic pharmaceutical industry. The
U.S. FDA had previously announced that it would issue a final rule in April 2017, but a final rule has not yet been issued.

43

Table of Contents

Prescription Drug Marketing Act and Laws Regulating Payments to Healthcare Professionals

The FDA also enforces the requirements of the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, which, among other things, imposes various requirements
in connection with the distribution of product samples to physicians. Sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs must comply with the federal anti-kickback statute, the Medicare-Medicaid Anti-Fraud and Abuse Act, as amended, the
False Claims Act, as amended, and similar state laws. Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990, as amended. We are also subject to Section 6002 of the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act, commonly known as the Physician Payment Sunshine Act which regulates disclosure of payments to certain healthcare professionals and providers.

Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act

In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability
Reconciliation Act (collectively, the “PPACA”), were signed into law. The PPACA is one of the most significant healthcare reform measures in the United States in decades, and is expected to significantly impact the U.S. pharmaceutical
industry. The PPACA imposes additional rebates, discounts and fees, mandates certain reporting and contains various other requirements that could adversely affect our business, including the following:

•   The PPACA imposes annual, non-deductible fees for entities that
manufacture or import certain prescription drugs and biologics. This fee is calculated based upon each manufacturer’s percentage share of total branded prescription drug and biologics sales to U.S. government programs (such as Medicare,
Medicaid, Veterans’ Affairs and Public Health Service discount programs), and authorized generic products are generally treated as branded products. The manufacturer must have at least $5 million in sales of branded prescription drugs or
biologics in order to be subject to this fee.

•   The PPACA changed the computations used to determine Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid
Drug Rebate Program by redefining the average manufacturer’s price (“AMP”), effective October 1, 2010, and by using 23.1% instead of 15.1% of AMP for most branded drugs and 13% instead of 11% of AMP for generic drugs, effective
January 1, 2010.

•   The PPACA also increased the number of healthcare organizations eligible to participate in the Public Health
Service pharmaceutical pricing program, which provides for government controlled prices that result in substantial discounts for participants.

•   The PPACA has pro-generic provisions that could increase competition
in the generic pharmaceutical industry and therefore adversely impact our selling prices or costs and reduce our profit margins. Among other things, the PPACA creates an abbreviated pathway to U.S. FDA approval of “biosimilar” biological
products and allows the first interchangeable bio-similar biological product 18 months of exclusivity, which could increase competition for our bio-similars business.
Conversely, the PPACA has some anti-generic provisions that could adversely affect our bio-similars business, including provisions granting the innovator of a biological drug product 12 years of exclusive use
before generic drugs can be approved based on being biosimilar.

•   The PPACA makes several important changes to the federal anti-kickback statute, false claims laws, and health
care fraud statutes that may make it easier for the government or whistleblowers to pursue such fraud and abuse violations. In addition, the PPACA increases penalties for fraud and abuse violations. If our past, present or future operations are
found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or other similar governmental regulations to which we are subject, we may be subject to the applicable penalty associated with the violation which could adversely affect our ability to
operate our business and our financial results.

•   To further facilitate the government’s efforts to coordinate and develop comparative clinical
effectiveness research, the PPACA establishes a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee and identify priorities in such research. The manner in which the comparative research results would be used by third-party payors is
uncertain.

•   The PPACA establishes an Independent Payment Advisory Board (“IPAB”) to reduce the per capita rate
of growth in Medicare spending. The IPAB has broad discretion to propose policies to reduce expenditures for the Medicare program, which could result in reduced payments for prescription drugs. Under certain circumstances, these recommendations will
become law unless Congress enacts legislation that will achieve the same or greater Medicare cost savings.

On June 28, 2010, the Departments of Health and Human Services, Labor, and the Treasury jointly issued interim final
regulations to implement the provisions of the PPACA that prohibit the use of preexisting condition exclusions, eliminate lifetime and annual dollar limits on benefits, restrict contract rescissions, and provide patient protections. On June 20,
2014 the Departments of Health and Human Services, Labor, and the Treasury jointly issued final regulations clarifying the relationship between a group health plan’s eligibility criteria and the PPACA’s

90-day
 limit on waiting periods.

44

Table of Contents

On January 27, 2012, The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services
(“CMS”) issued its long awaited proposed rule implementing the Medicaid pricing and reimbursement provisions of the PPACA and related legislation. CMS accepted comments on this proposed rule through April 2, 2012.

On June 28, 2012, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on certain challenged provisions of the PPACA. The U.S. Supreme Court
generally upheld the constitutionality of the PPACA, including its individual mandate that requires most Americans to buy health insurance starting in 2014, and ruled that the Anti-Injunction Act did not bar the Court from reviewing that the PPACA
provision. However, the U.S. Supreme Court invalidated the PPACA’s provisions requiring each state to expand its Medicaid program or lose all federal Medicaid funds. The Court did not invalidate the PPACA’s expansion of Medicaid for states
that voluntarily participate; it only held that a state’s entire Medicaid funding cannot be withheld due to its failure to participate in the expansion.

On February 1, 2016, the CMS published in the Federal Register a Final Regulation with comment period to implement the
Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The Final Regulation was to clarify ambiguities in the ACA amendments. The key provisions covered under the Final Regulation included, without limitation, the following: (i) the adoption of a final definition of
“retail community pharmacy” (“RCP”), (ii) the adoption of a rule permitting inhalation, infusion, instilled, implanted, or injectable drugs (“5i drugs”) to be deemed not to be “generally dispensed” through a
RCP, and thus excluded from the calculation of their AMP, if 70% or more of its sales were to entities other than RCPs or wholesalers for drugs distributed to RCPs (the prior threshold was 90%), (iii) the inclusion of authorized generics in
calculations of AMP and best price, (iv) narrowing the regulatory definition for “best price”, (v) requiring additional Medicaid rebate payments for generic drugs, effective as of April 1, 2017, and (vi) clarification of the
definition of “bona fide service fees” based on a four part test. We are still awaiting guidance from CMS on two aspects of the rule that were deferred for later implementation. These include a definition of what constitutes a product
“line extension” and a delay in the participation of the U.S. territories in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program until April 1, 2020. We will evaluate the financial impact of these two elements when they become effective.

In November 2015, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (the “BBA”) was enacted. Section 602 of the BBA amends the
Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to impose a price increase penalty on generic drugs.

Previously, the price increase penalty
had only applied to brand drugs and authorized generics, but other generic drugs were subject to a fixed base rebate of 13% of average manufacturer price (“AMP”). The BBA now imposes a price increase penalty on generic drugs similar to
that of the price increase penalty on brand drugs and authorized generics.

The additional rebate for generic drugs will
apply to rebate periods beginning with the first quarter of 2017. The additional rebate due for generic drugs is equal to the AMP for the current quarter minus the baseline AMP adjusted for inflation. The inflation adjustment is calculated as the
Consumer Price Index for Urban Consumers
(CPI-U)
 for the month before the reporting quarter divided by the baseline
CPI-U.
 For generics marketed on or before
April 1, 2013, the baseline AMP is the AMP for the third quarter of 2014 and the baseline
CPI-U
 is the
CPI-U
 for September 2014. For generics marketed after
April 1, 2013, the baseline AMP is the AMP for the fifth full calendar quarter after the drug was first marketed and the baseline
CPI-U
 is the
CPI-U
 for the last
month of the baseline AMP quarter.

In 2017, a new administration, which had promised to repeal and replace the PPACA,
took office in the United States and there are ongoing efforts to achieve that goal. For example, in March 2017, the U.S. House of Representatives passed legislation, which, if signed into law, would repeal certain aspects of the PPACA. We cannot
predict the form any such replacement of the PPACA may take, although it may have the impact of reducing the number of insureds as well as coverage for pharmaceutical products. There may also be changes to the Medicaid Part D program or the funding
thereof. Any such changes in the PPACA, the Medicaid Part D program or other laws relating to drug pricing, coverage through Medicaid or Medicare, or other facets of the U.S. healthcare market could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition or business.

Pending full implementation of the PPACA, we are continuing to evaluate all
potential scenarios surrounding its implementation and the corresponding impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.

Drug Quality and Security Act

On November 28, 2013, the Drug Quality and Security Act was signed into law in the United States. The legislation
introduces a federal
track-and-trace
 system for medicines with serial numbers added to individual packs and
(non-mixed)
 cases
within four years of the legislation’s adoption, and electronic tracing of production through the supply chain mandated within 10 years. It also strengthens licensure requirements for wholesale distributors and third-party logistics providers,
and

45

Table of Contents

requires the U.S. FDA to maintain a database of wholesalers that will be available to the public through its website. The law also boosts oversight of compounding pharmacies that make drugs to
order, and increases the powers of the U.S. FDA to oversee large-volume or ‘outsourcing’ compounders without individual prescriptions.

Title XI of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA)

On October 6, 2016, the U.S. FDA issued a final rule to implement new regulations that govern the approval of 505(b)(2)
applications and ANDAs. This rule revises and clarifies U.S. FDA regulations as to matters such as: the procedures and requirements for providing notice to each patent owner and the NDA holder of certain patent certifications made by applicants
submitting 505(b)(2) applications or ANDAs; the availability of
30-month
 stays of approval on 505(b)(2) applications and ANDAs that are otherwise ready to be approved; submission of amendments and supplements
to 505(b)(2) applications and ANDAs; and the types of bioavailability and bioequivalence data that can be used to support these applications. This rule was effective December 5, 2016.

Biologics Pathway

The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (“BPCIA”) created a statutory pathway and abbreviated
approval processes for the approval of biosimilar versions of branded biological products. The U.S. FDA has issued and updated various technical guidance documents to assist the biopharmaceutical industry in developing biosimilar products in
compliance with the BPCIA. On April 28, 2015, the U.S. FDA finalized three substantial draft guidance documents originally published in February 2012 that are intended to provide a roadmap for development of biosimilar products. In
May 2015, March 2016 and January 2017, the U.S. FDA released additional biosimilar guidance documents. These guidance documents address quality considerations, scientific considerations and questions and answers regarding commonly posed issues.

Trans-Pacific Partnership

The Trans-Pacific Partnership (“TPP”) free trade agreement was concluded in October 2015 by the United States,
Australia, New Zealand, Peru, Chile, Mexico, Canada, Singapore, Brunei, Malaysia, Vietnam and Japan. The final text of the TPP agreement requires
TPP-signatory
 countries to provide biopharmaceutical products
with a minimum of either eight years of data exclusivity or five years of data exclusivity coupled with an additional three years of other measures that must deliver a comparable outcome in the market, recognizing that market circumstances also
contribute to effective market protection to deliver a comparable outcome in the market. Notably, the TPP fails to explain what “other measures” or “market circumstances” will deliver “a comparable outcome in the
market.” The TPP agreement only sets a minimum period for exclusivity and not a maximum, and so the United States will be permitted to maintain the current BPCIA rules granting biologics manufacturers 12 years of combined data and market
exclusivity. The text of the TPP agreement must now be ratified and signed according to the procedures of each nation concerned. However, the United States recently withdrew from the TPP, which has brought uncertainties to the future of the
agreement.

21st Century Cures Act

On December 13, 2016, the 21st Century Cures Act was enacted into law in the United States, and is intended to promote
biomedical innovation and personalized medicines. The 21st Century Cures Act includes increased funding for the National Institutes of Health and the U.S. FDA and provides for the implementation of, among other reforms, enhanced pathways for medical
product approval and the modernization and harmonization of clinical trial procedures over a period of several years. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of the aforementioned regulation on us.

Other matters

Civil
Investigative Demand from the Office of the Attorney General, State of Texas

On or about November 10, 2014,
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc., one of our subsidiaries in the U.S., received a Civil Investigative Demand (“CID”) from the Office of the Attorney General, State of Texas (the “Texas AG”) requesting certain information,
documents and data regarding sales and price reporting in the U.S. marketplace of certain products for the period of time between January 1, 1995 and the date of the CID. We have responded to all of the Texas AG’s requests to date, and we
understand that the investigation is continuing.

46

Table of Contents

Subpeona duces tecum from the Office of the Attorney General, California

On November 3, 2014, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. received a subpoena duces tecum to appear before the Office
of the Attorney General, California (the “California AG”) and produce records and documents relating to the pricing of certain products. A set of five interrogatories related to pricing practices was served as well. On July 18, 2016,
the California AG sent a letter to inform Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. that, in light of the information which had been provided, no further information would be requested at such time in response to this subpoena.

Subpoenas from the Division of the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and the office of the Attorney General for the State of
Connecticut

On July 6, 2016 and August 7, 2016, one of our subsidiaries received subpoenas from the DOJ and
the office of the Attorney General for the State of Connecticut, respectively, seeking information relating to the marketing, pricing and sale of certain of our generic products and any communications with competitors about such products. We have
been cooperating, and intend to continue to fully cooperate, with these inquiries.

Agreement with Amgen

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we entered into an agreement with Amgen Inc. (“Amgen”) that
effectively expands the strategic collaboration that we entered into with Amgen in August 2015. Under the terms of the new agreement, we will commercialize the oncology and osteoporosis medicines XGEVA
®
 (denosumab), Vectibix
®
 (panitumumab) and Prolia
®
 (denosumab) in India.

CANADA REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT

In Canada, we are required to file product dossiers with the Health Canada for permission to market a generic pharmaceutical
product. The regulatory authorities may inspect our manufacturing facility before approval of the dossier. As of March 31, 2017, we had filed a total of 25 Abbreviated New Drug Submissions (“ANDS”) in Canada, out of which 16 were
approved, 6 are pending submissions, and 3 were withdrawn or rejected.

Europe

Our sales of generic medicines in Europe for the year ended March 31, 2017 were Rs.7,606 million, which accounted for
approximately 7% of our Global Generics segment’s sales.

In the European Union (the “EU”), the manufacture
and sale of pharmaceutical products is regulated in a manner substantially similar to that in the United States. Legal requirements generally prohibit the handling, manufacture, marketing and importation of any pharmaceutical product unless it is
properly registered and manufactured in accordance with applicable law. The registration file relating to any particular product must contain scientific data related to product efficacy and safety, including results of clinical testing and
references to medical publications, as well as detailed information regarding production methods and quality control. Regulatory authorities are authorized to suspend, restrict or cancel the registration of a product if it is found to be harmful or
ineffective, or manufactured and marketed other than in accordance with registration conditions.

Sales, Marketing and
Distribution Network

Germany

In Germany, we sell a broad range of generic pharmaceutical products under the “betapharm” brand.

Over the last few years, the German pharmaceutical market has significantly changed. The healthcare reform known as the
Statutory Health Insurance (SHI)—Competition Strengthening Act or Wettbewerbsstärkungsgesetz
(“GKV-WSG”)
 (an act to strengthen the competition in public health insurance), which was
effective as of April 1, 2007, has significantly increased the power of insurance companies and statutory health insurance funds (“SHI funds”) to influence dispensing of medicines.

Pursuant to the
GKV-WSG
 law, those pharmaceutical products covered by rebate contracts
with insurance companies and SHI funds have to be prescribed by physicians and dispensed by pharmacies with priority. This has increased the power of insurance companies and SHI funds. As a result, many SHI funds have enacted tender (i.e.,
competitive bidding) processes to determine which pharmaceutical companies they will enter into rebate contracts with. This has resulted in more than 90% of generic products currently sold in German retail outlets being supplied through contracts
procured in competitive bidding tenders, thereby causing significant pressure on product margins. In response to these market changes, betapharm underwent a comprehensive restructuring of its sales force, with a reduction of more than 200 employees
since we acquired it in March 2006. In addition, we are participating in the tender opportunities by bidding at prices which meet our internal incremental profitability thresholds. In view of this, our success ratio in winning these tender awards
has declined and, accordingly, the ratio of our tender based sales to our overall sales has significantly reduced over the past few years.

47

Table of Contents

United Kingdom and other Countries within Europe

We market our generic products in the United Kingdom and other EU countries through our U.K. subsidiary, Dr. Reddy’s
Laboratories (U.K.) Limited. This subsidiary was formed in the year ended March 31, 2003 after our acquisition of Meridian Healthcare Limited, a United Kingdom based generic pharmaceutical company.

We have recently established a commercial structure in Italy, Spain and France to expand our direct footprint in the western
European region. The initial focus will be to market to hospitals and institutional clients in these countries. Our product mix in these markets will focus on a limited number of key therapy areas (initially oncology, anti-infectives and HIV) and
the nature of this business will predominantly be tender-driven, without the need for a large sales force.

Competition

Our key competitors within the German generics market include the Sandoz group of Novartis Pharma A.G. (including its Hexal,
Sandoz and 1A Pharma subsidiaries), the Ratiopharm group of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (including its Ratiopharm,
AbZ-Pharma
 and CT Arzneimittel subsidiaries), Winthrop Arzneimittel GmbH and the Stada
group of Stada Arzneimittel AG (including its Stada and Aliud subsidiaries). In the rebate contracts with SHI funds, prices are one of the most important competitive factors.

According to British Generics Manufacturers Association, the United Kingdom is one of the largest markets for generic
pharmaceuticals in Europe with high generic penetration 82% and is also one of the most price competitive markets due to a high degree of vertical integration and consolidation of buyers, as more than 65% of the retail pharmacies are owned by
wholesalers or are part of retail chains, and low barriers of entry. The market is dominated by global pharmaceutical companies such as Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Actavis (now part of Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd.), the Sandoz group of
Novartis Pharma A.G. and Mylan Inc..

In Italy, Spain and France, we also compete with companies such as Hospira (an
affilate of Pfizer Limited), Fresinius SE & Co. KGaA and Accord Healthcare Ltd. (an affilate of Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd.), each of which has a well-established presence in the hospital segment of these countries.

Government regulations

European Union Regulatory Environment

The activities of pharmaceutical companies within the European Union are governed in particular by Directives 2001/83/EC and
2003/94/EC, as amended, and as implemented in national laws within the countries of the European Union. These Directives outline the legislative framework, including the legal basis of marketing authorization procedures, and quality standards
including manufacture, patient information and pharmacovigilance activities.

Prior approval of a marketing authorization
is required to supply products within the European Union. Such marketing authorizations may be restricted to one member state, cover a selection of member states or can be for the whole of the European Union, depending upon the form of registration
procedure selected.

Generic or abridged applications omit full
non-clinical
 and
clinical data but contain limited
non-clinical
 and clinical data, depending upon the legal basis of the application or to address a specific issue. In the case of a generic medicine application, the applicant
is required to demonstrate that its generic product contains the same active pharmaceutical ingredients in the same dosage form for the same indication as the innovator product. Specific data is included in the application to demonstrate that the
proposed generic product is interchangeable to the innovator product with respect to quality, safe usage and continued efficacy. European Union laws prevent regulatory authorities from accepting applications for approval of generics that rely on the
safety and efficacy data of an innovator of a branded product until the expiration of the innovator’s data exclusivity period (usually 8 years from the first marketing authorization in the European Union, depending on the circumstances). The
applicant is also required to demonstrate bioequivalence with the EU reference product. Once all these criteria are met, a marketing authorization may be considered for grant.

Unlike in the United States, there is no equivalent regulatory mechanism within the European Union to incentivize challenge to
any patent protection, nor is any period of market exclusivity conferred upon the first generic approval. In situations where the period of data exclusivity given to the innovator of a branded product expires before their patent expires, the launch
of our product would then be delayed until patent expiration.

48

Table of Contents

Our U.K. facilities are licensed and periodically inspected by the U.K. Medicines
and Healthcare products Regulatory Agencies (“MHRA”) good manufacturing practice Inspectorate, which has extensive enforcement powers over the activities of pharmaceutical manufacturers.

Non-compliance
 can result in product recall, plant closure or other penalties andrestrictions. In addition, the U.K. MHRA Inspectorate has approved and periodically inspected our manufacturing facilities based
in Hyderabad, Telangana, India for the manufacture of generic medicines for supply to Europe. The Regierung von Oberbayern, the district government of Upper Bavaria in Germany, has also inspected our plants in Hyderabad as well as Vishakapatnam.

All pharmaceutical companies that manufacture and market human medicinal products in Germany are subject to the
applicable rules and regulations executed by the BfArM and the supervisory authorities of the respective federal state in Germany. All pharmaceutical companies in Germany are periodically inspected by the competent supervisory authority, which has
extensive enforcement powers over the activities of pharmaceutical companies.
Non-compliance
 can result in closure of the facility.

In Germany, the government has in recent years enacted a number of laws designed to limit pharmaceutical cost increases,
including the
GKV-WSG
 discussed above and the Economic Optimization of Pharmaceutical Care Act (also known as the “AVWG”). During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011, the German government
introduced a new law entitled “Act on the reorganization of the pharmaceutical market in the public health insurance” (or
“Arzneimittelmarktneuordnungsgesetz”,
commonly referred to as “AMNOG”), which affects
reimbursement of drugs within Germany’s statutory health care system in order to further control the costs of medical care. The key elements of this law are as follows:

•   Historically, the pharmaceutical companies had been free to set the initial asking price for novel drugs in
the German public health system, subject to certain mandatory rebates. Under this new law, a pharmaceutical company determines the price for a new drug or new therapeutic indication for the first year after launch, but must submit to the Joint
Federal Committee (the Gemeinsamer Bundesausschuss or “G-BA”) a benefit/risk assessment dossier on the drug at or prior to its launch. The G-BA analyzes
whether the drug shows an additional clinical benefit in comparison to a corresponding established drug (the “appropriate comparator therapy”).

•   If an additional benefit is established, the pharmaceutical company must negotiate the price of the drug with
the Federal Association of the health insurance funds. If no agreement is reached in the negotiation, then the price is determined pursuant to an arbitration procedure. There must be a minimum term of one year.

•   If no additional benefit is established, the drug is immediately included in a group of drugs with comparable
pharmaceutical and therapeutic characteristics, for which maximum reimbursement prices have already been set. If this is not possible due to the drug’s novelty, then the pharmaceutical company must negotiate a reimbursement price with the
Federal Association of the health insurance funds that may not exceed the costs of the appropriate comparator therapy.

•   The prices determined pursuant to the above procedures also apply to private insurance agencies, privately
insured persons and self-payers, although they may negotiate further discounts.

•   For drugs developed specifically to treat rare medical conditions that are designated as “orphan
drugs”, the orphan drug will be presumed to have an additional benefit under certain circumstances.

•   A new regulation for packaging size had to be implemented in 2013. Standard sizes are now based upon the
duration of therapies, instead of being based on fixed quantity. Three different types of package sizes are now allowed: N1-packages for treatment periods of 10 days; N2-packages for treatment periods of 30 days; and N3-packages for treatment periods of 100 days.

•   The law increases the choice to patients by the use of co-payment as
an option for patients opting for a non-rebated generic drug.

In Germany, the German Drug Law (Arzneimittelgesetz) (“AMG”), which implements European Union requirements, is the
primary regulation applicable to medicinal products. In 2012, the 16
th
 Amendment to the AMG and related laws were enacted in order to implement European Directives into national laws. Among other
things, the most important changes refer to pharmacovigilance, clinical trials, protection measures against counterfeited medicines and liberalization of German drug advertising law. These transpositions of European Union legislation into national
law also took place in the United Kingdom.

49

Table of Contents

The German Social Code’s price freeze imposed on reimbursable drugs, which
was due to expire at the end of 2013, was amended in 2013 and 2014 to extend the price freeze until December 31, 2017, although the continued price freeze will not apply to medicines subject to internal reference pricing.

New European pharmacovigilance legislation (Regulation (EU) No 1235/2010 and Directive 2010/84/EU) was implemented in July
2012. These new requirements are intended to improve patient safety, but will also increase our administrative burdens and therefore our costs. In 2015, the European Commission introduced pharmacovigilance service fees that industry pays for the
simplification and maintenance of the European pharmacovigilance system, as well as fees for the assessment of aggregate safety reports and protocols and study reports mandated following a safety referral. The service fees payable for these reports
are unpredictable, as the Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee (“PRAC”) of the European Medicine Agency (“EMA”) can initiate a safety referral for any medicine or class of medicines with a significant new safety concern at
any time.

The International Standards for Identification of Medicinal Products (“IDMP”), comprised of five
International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”) standards, were approved in 2012. These standards are designed to allow unambiguous identification of medicinal products across companies and regions in order to support and improve
pharmacovigilance and other activities. In the European Union, these standards will be implemented in a phased approach for medicinal product information starting in
mid-2017.

The submission of medicinal product data to support pharmacovigilance has been required since 2012 in the European Union. The
original European database for data regarding medicinal products, the Eudravigilance Medicinal Product Dictionary (“EVMPD”), was launched by the EMA at the end of 2001. It was designed to standardize the collection, reporting, coding, and
evaluation of authorized and investigational medicinal product information. In 2012 it became mandatory for marketing-authorization holders to supply information to the extended version of the EVMPD (xEVMPD or Article 57 database). However, this
currently contains only a fraction of the data that eventually will have to be submitted to the IDMP-compliant database for each authorized product in the European Union.

In order for us to support the maintenance of medicinal product data in the IDMP-compliant database, we are investing in new
systems and will have to make significant changes to our processes and procedures.

Following implementation in the
European Union, it is expected that the U.S. FDA will also implement these standards.

“Rest of the World” markets of our Global Generics
segment

We refer to all markets of our Global Generics segment other than North America, Europe, Russia and other
countries of the former Soviet Union and Romania and India as our “Rest of the World” markets. Our significant Rest of the World markets include South Africa, Australia and Venezuela. Our

revenues from our “Rest of the
World” markets were Rs.5,833 million in the year ended March 31, 2017, a decrease of 38% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. This reduction in sales was primarily attributable to the ongoing economic crisis in Venezuela
and correspondingly, our risk mitigation approach by way of moderating the supply of products to this country.

Venezuela

Venezuela is a hyperinflationary economy, and the financial outlook there remains challenging and uncertain. In February, 2016,
the Venezuelan government announced further changes to its foreign currency exchange mechanisms, including the devaluation of its official exchange rate. The following changes became effective as of March 10, 2016:

•   The CENCOEX preferential rate was replaced with a new “DIPRO” rate. The DIPRO rate is only available
for purchases and sales of essential items such as food and medicine. Further, the preferential exchange rate was devalued from 6.3 VEF per U.S.$1.00 to 10 VEF per U.S.$1.00;

•   The SICAD exchange rate mechanism, which last auctioned U.S. Dollars for approximately 13 VEF per U.S.$1.00
was eliminated; and

•   The SIMADI exchange rate mechanism was replaced with a new “DICOM” rate, which governs all
transactions not subject to the DIPRO exchange rate and fluctuates according to market supply and demand. The DICOM rate on March 31, 2017 was 709.8 VEF per US $1.00, In comparison, the DICOM rate on March 31, 2016 was 272.5 VEF per
U.S.$1.00.

50

Table of Contents

During the year ended March 31, 2016, we received approvals from the
Venezuelan government for remittance of only U.S.$4 million towards the importation of pharmaceutical products at the CENCOEX preferential rate. We fully considered all the aforesaid developments, facts and circumstances and, following the
guidance available in IAS 21, we determined that it was appropriate to use the SIMADI/DICOM rate for translating the monetary assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary.

Consistent with the position taken as on March 31, 2016, we applied the DICOM rate for translating the financial
statements of our Venezuelan subsidiary for the year ended March 31, 2017. Refer to Note 39 to our consolidated financial statements for further details.

Notwithstanding this ongoing uncertainty, we continue to actively engage with the Venezuelan government and seek approval to
repatriate funds at preferential rates so that we may continue to provide affordable medicine to fulfill the needs of people of their country.

In May 2017, the Venezuelan government completed its first auction offering under DICOM, resulting in a DICOM rate of VEF
2,010 per U.S.$1.00. Also in May 2017, Venezuela announced its intent to launch a new currency exchange mechanism to replace the DICOM rate, but details have not yet been provided.

Collaboration agreement with Merck Serono

On June 6, 2012, we entered into a collaboration agreement with the biosimilars division of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt,
Germany, formerly known as Merck Serono (hereinafter, “Merck KGaA”), to
co-develop
 a portfolio of biosimilar compounds in oncology, primarily focused on monoclonal antibodies. The arrangement covers
co-development,
 manufacturing and commercialization of the compounds around the globe, with some specific country exceptions.

During the year ended March 31, 2016, the collaboration agreement was amended to rearrange and realign the development of
compounds, territory rights and royalty payments. Both parties undertook commercialization based on their respective regional rights as defined in the agreement. We lead and support early product development towards or including Phase I development.
Merck KGaA carries out manufacturing of the compounds and leads further development for its territories. In our exclusive and
co-exclusive
 territories, we carry out our own development, wherever applicable,
for commercialization. We will continue to receive royalty payments upon commercialization by Merck KGaA in its territories.

During the year ended March 31, 2016, we received from Merck KGaA certain amounts relating to its share of development
costs and other amounts linked to the achievement of milestones for the development of compounds under the collaboration agreement, as amended.

Furthermore, during the year ended March 31,
2017, we received from Merck KGaA payments of U.S.$1 million towards achievement of a milestone for the development of a compound under the collaboration agreement.

On April 24, 2017, Fresenius SE & Co. KgaA and Merck KGaA announced that Fresenius Kabi will acquire
Merck’s Biosimilars business. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions and is expected to close in the second half of calendar year 2017. Upon completion of the transaction, our collaboration
will continue as planned, with Fresenius Kabi.

51

Table of Contents

Global Generics Manufacturing and Raw Materials

Manufacturing for our Global Generics segment entails converting active pharmaceutical ingredients (“API”) into
finished dosages. As of March 31, 2017, we had thirteen manufacturing facilities within this segment. Eleven of these facilities are located in India and two are located in the United States (Shreveport, Louisiana; and Bristol, Tennessee). In
addition, we also have one packaging facility in the United Kingdom. All of the facilities are designed in accordance with and are compliant with current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) requirements and are used for the manufacture of
tablets, hard gelatin capsules, injections, liquids and creams for sale in India as well as other markets. All of our manufacturing sites’ laboratories and facilities are designed and maintained to meet increasingly stringent requirements of
safety and quality. All of our sites outside of India are approved by the respective regulatory bodies in the jurisdictions where they are located.

We manufacture most of our finished products at these facilities and also use contract manufacturing arrangements as we
determine necessary. For each of our products, we continue to identify, upgrade and develop alternate vendors as part of risk mitigation and continual improvement.

The ingredients for the manufacture of the finished products are sourced from
in-house

API manufacturing facilities and from vendors, both local and
non-local.
 Each of these vendors undergo a thorough assessment as part of the vendor qualification process before they qualify as an approved
source. We attempt to identify more than one supplier in each drug application or make plans for alternate vendor development from time to time, considering the supplier’s history and future product requirements. Arrangements with international
raw material suppliers are subject to, among other things, respective country regulations, various import duties and other government clearances.

The prices of our raw materials generally fluctuate in line with commodity cycles. Raw material expense forms the largest
portion of our cost of revenues. We evaluate and manage our commodity price risk exposure through our operating procedures and sourcing policies.

The logistics services for storage and distribution in the United States, Germany, Venezuela, Russia, the United Kingdom,
South Africa and Australia are outsourced to a third party service provider.

We manufacture formulations in various
dosage forms including tablets, capsules, injections, liquids and creams. These dosage forms are then packaged, quarantined and subject to stringent quality tests, to assure product quality before release into the market. We manufacture our key
brands for our Indian markets at our facilities in Baddi, Himachal Pradesh, to take advantage of certain fiscal benefits offered by the Government of India, which includes partial exemption from income taxes for a specified period.

All pharmaceutical manufacturers that sell products in any country are subject to regulations issued by the Ministry of Health
(or its equivalent) of the respective country. These regulations govern, or influence the testing, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, storing, record-keeping, safety, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of products. Our
facilities and products are periodically inspected by various regulatory authorities such as the U.S. FDA, the U.K. MHRA, the German BfARM, the South African Medicines Control Council, the Brazilian ANVISA, the Romanian National Medicines Agency,
Ukrainian State Pharmacological Center, the local World Health Organization and Drug Control Authority of India, all of which have extensive enforcement powers over the activities of pharmaceutical manufacturers operating within their jurisdiction.

In November 2015, we received a warning letter from the U.S. FDA relating to violations at our injectible oncology
formulation manufacturing facility at Duvvada, Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh. Refer to Item 4.A. “History and development of the company—Key business developments” for further details.

Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (“PSAI”) segment

Our Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (“PSAI”) segment includes our business of manufacturing and
marketing active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, also known as “API” or bulk drugs, which are the principal ingredients for finished pharmaceutical products. Active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates become finished
pharmaceutical products when the dosages are fixed in a form ready for human consumption, such as a tablet, capsule or liquid using additional inactive ingredients. This segment also includes our contract research services business and our
manufacture and sale of steroids in accordance with specific customer requirements.

Our PSAI segment’s revenues for
the year ended March 31, 2017 were Rs.21,277 million, a decline of 5% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. Our PSAI segment accounted for 15% of our total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2017.

52

Table of Contents

During the year ended March 31, 2017, we filed 85 Drug Master Files
(“DMFs”) worldwide, of which 11 were filed in the United States, 5 were filed in Europe and 69 were filed in other countries. Cumulatively, our total DMFs filed worldwide as of March 31, 2017 were 830, including 275 DMFs filed in the
United States.

We produce and market more than 100 different APIs for numerous markets. Our API business is operated
independently from our Global Generics segment and, in addition to supplying API to our Global Generics segment, our PSAI segment sells API to third parties for use in manufacturing generic products, subject to any patent rights of other third
parties. We export API to more than 80 countries, and our principal overseas markets in this business segment include North America (the United States and Canada) and Europe. The research and development group within our API business contributes to
our business by creating intellectual property (principally with respect to novel and
non-infringing
 manufacturing processes and polymorphs), providing research intended to reduce the cost of production of our
products and developing new products.

The pharmaceutical services (contract research and manufacturing) arm of our PSAI
segment was established in 2001 to leverage our strength in process chemistry to serve the niche segment of Innovator pharmaceutical and fine chemicals industry. Our objective is to be the preferred partner for innovator pharmaceutical companies,
providing a complete range of services that are necessary to take their innovations to the market quickly and more efficiently. The focus is to leverage our skills in process development, analytical development, formulation development and Current
Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) to serve various needs of innovator pharmaceutical companies. We have positioned our PSAI segment’s Custom Pharmaceutical Services business to be the partner of choice for large and emerging
innovator companies across the globe, with service offerings spanning the entire value chain of pharmaceutical services.

Sales,
Marketing and Distribution

Developed Markets.
Our PSAI segment’s principal overseas markets are the United
States and Europe. Our PSAI segment’s sales to these markets were Rs.11,458 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, and accounted for 54% of our PSAI segment’s revenues for the year ended March 31, 2017. In the United
States and Europe, the patent protection for a large number of high value branded pharmaceutical products expired in years ended March 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 and this opened the market to generic products that sourced their API from our PSAI
segment. However, during the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, such expirations were much less frequent, which resulted in a decrease in new opportunities in these markets for the customers of our PSAI segment. We market our
products through our subsidiaries in the United States and Europe. These subsidiaries are engaged in all aspects of marketing activity and support our customers’ pursuit of regulatory approval for their products, focusing on building long-term
relationships with the customers.

Other Key Markets.
India is an important market for our PSAI segment, with total
sales of Rs.1,750 million, and it accounted for 8% of the PSAI segment’s revenues in the year ended March 31, 2017. In India, we market our API products to Indian and multinational companies, many of whom are also our competitors in
our Global Generics segment. The market in India is highly competitive, with severe pricing pressure and competition from lower cost foreign imports in several products.

Our PSAI segment’s sales to all of the other markets (excluding the United States, Europe and India) was
Rs.8,069 million for the year ended March 31, 2017 and accounted for 38% of our PSAI segment’s revenues for the year. Our PSAI segment’s other key markets include Brazil, Mexico, South Korea and Japan. While we work through our
agents in these markets, our zonal marketing managers also interact directly with our key customers in order to service their requirements.

For our custom pharmaceutical services line of business, we have focused business development teams dedicated to our key
geographies of North America (the United States and Canada), the European Union and Asia Pacific. These teams target large and emerging innovator companies to build long-term business relationships focused on catering to their outsourcing needs.

Going forward, we expect our PSAI segment to show growth on account of our investments in newer technologies and
platforms. We are also pursuing a partnership model to enable our customers to reach more markets faster and efficiently by leveraging our cost leadership and presence across the globe.

PSAI Manufacturing

The
infrastructure for our PSAI segment consists of eight U.S.
FDA-inspected
 plants (six in India, one in Mexico, and

one in Mirfield, United Kingdom) and three technology development centers (two in Hyderabad, India and one in Cambridge, United Kingdom).

In addition, we have also established a new manufacturing facility which is part of a Special Economic Zone located in
Devunipalavalasa, Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh, India. This facility was inspected by the U.S. FDA in April 2017.

53

Table of Contents

India
. All of our facilities in India are located in the states of Andhra
Pradesh and Telangana. We have the flexibility to produce quantities that range from a few kilograms to several metric tons. The manufacturing process consumes a wide variety of raw materials that we obtain from sources that comply with the
requirements of regulatory authorities in the markets to which we supply our products. We procure raw materials on the basis of our requirement planning cycles. We utilize a broad base of suppliers in order to minimize risk arising from dependence
on a single supplier.

In November 2015, we received a warning letter from the U.S. FDA relating to cGMP deviations at our
API manufacturing facilities at Miryalguda, Telangana and Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh. Refer to item 4.A. “History and development of the company – Key business developments” for further details.

Mexico
. Our manufacturing plant in Cuernavaca, Mexico (the “Mexico facility”) was acquired from Roche during
the year ended March 31, 2006. In addition to active pharmaceutical ingredients, naproxen and naproxen sodium and a range of intermediates, the Mexico facility manufactures steroids as active ingredients for use in human and veterinary
pharmaceutical products.

United Kingdom:
 Our Dowpharma Small Molecules business, which we acquired from The Dow
Chemical Company in April 2008, continues to offer niche capabilities, such as biocatalysis, chemocatalysis and hydroformulation, to provide cost effective solutions for chiral molecules. The
non-exclusive

license to Dow’s Pfēnex Expression Technology™ for biocatalysis development, also acquired as part of the acquisition, continues to offer us opportunities to provide technology leveraged manufacturing services to innovators, including
major global pharmaceutical companies.

For our contract research services, we have well-resourced synthetic organic
chemistry laboratories, analytical laboratories and kilo laboratories at our technology development centers at Miyapur and Jeedimetla in Hyderabad, India. Our chemists and engineers understand cGMP manufacturing and regulatory requirements for
synthesis, manufacture and formulation of a NCE from the
pre-clinical
 stage to commercialization. To complete the full value chain in development services, we also provide formulation development services. We
have facilities for
pre-formulation
 and formulation development, analytical development, clinical trial supplies, pilot scale and product regulatory support. Larger quantities of APIs are sourced from API
plants in India and Mexico.

Our contract research and manufacturing business is uniquely positioned in the market where
it utilizes assets (both in terms of physical assets and technical
know-how)
 of a vertically integrated pharmaceutical company and combines this with the service model which we built over the last few years.

Raw Materials

Raw
material expense forms the largest portion of our cost of revenues. Raw materials consist of fine chemicals, bulk chemicals, solvents, catalysts and custom intermediates. The prices of these raw materials generally fluctuate in line with commodity
cycles. We evaluate and manage our commodity price risk exposure through periodical supply contracts as well as agile and responsive sourcing procedures.

Competition

The global
API market can broadly be divided into regulated and less regulated markets. The less regulated markets offer low entry barriers in terms of regulatory requirements and intellectual property rights. The regulated markets, like the United States and
Europe, have high entry barriers in terms of intellectual property rights and regulatory requirements, including facility approvals. As a result, there is a premium for quality and regulatory compliance along with relatively greater stability for
both volumes and prices. As an API supplier, we compete with a number of manufacturers within and outside India, which vary in size. Our main competitors in this segment are Divis Laboratories Limited, Aurobindo Pharma Limited, Cipla Limited, Mylan
Laboratories Limited, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited and MSN Laboratories Limited, all based or operating in India. In addition, we experience competition from European and Chinese manufacturers, as well as from Teva Pharmaceuticals
Industries Limited, based in Israel.

With respect to our custom pharmaceuticals business, we believe that contract
research and manufacturing is a significant opportunity for Indian pharmaceutical companies, based on their strengths of a skilled workforce and
low-cost
 manufacturing infrastructure. Key competitors in India
include Divis Laboratories Limited, Dishman Pharmaceuticals & Chemicals Limited and Piramal Enterprises Ltd. Key competitors from outside India include Lonza Group, AMRI Inc., Patheon Inc., Catalent Inc., Cambrex Inc., and WuXi PharmaTech.
We distinguish ourselves from Indian competitors by offering a wider range of services spanning the entire pharmaceutical value chain. For competitors from outside India, we distinguish ourselves through cost effectiveness. With growth in contract
research and manufacturing services likely to be driven by increased outsourcing by medium size pharmaceutical companies, particularly those focused on biotechnology and therapy, we expect India to emerge as an alliance and outsourcing destination
of choice due to speed, skill and cost advantage.

54

Table of Contents

Government regulations

All pharmaceutical companies that manufacture and market products in India are subject to various national and state laws and
regulations, which principally include the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, the Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 1995, various environmental laws, labor laws and other government statutes and regulations. These regulations govern the testing,
manufacturing, packaging, labeling, storing, recordkeeping, safety, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products.

In India, manufacturing licenses for drugs and pharmaceuticals are generally issued by state drug authorities. Under the Drugs
and Cosmetics Act, 1940, the state drug administration agencies are empowered to issue manufacturing licenses for drugs if they are approved for marketing in India by the Drug Controller General of India (“DCGI”). Prior to granting
licenses for any new drugs or combinations of new drugs, the DCGI clearance has to be obtained in accordance with the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940.

We submit a DMF for active pharmaceutical ingredients to be commercialized in the United States. Any drug product for which an
ANDA is being filed must have a DMF in place with respect to a particular supplier supplying the underlying API. The manufacturing facilities are inspected by the U.S. FDA to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations
(“cGMP”). The manufacturing facilities and production procedures must meet U.S. FDA standards.

Eight of our manufacturing
facilities are inspected and approved by the U.S. FDA. For European markets, we submit a European DMF and, wherever applicable, obtain a certificate of suitability from European Directorate for the Quality of Medicines.

Proprietary Products Segment

Our Proprietary Products segment focuses on the research, development, and manufacture of differentiated formulations. These
novel products fall within the dermatology and neurology therapeutic areas and are marketed and sold through Promius
®
 Pharma, LLC.

We continue to leverage our semi-virtual research and development model to expand our portfolio of specialty formulation
products. Our efforts primarily focus on repurposing or improving the clinical properties of already approved and well-characterized active pharmaceutical ingredients (“API”) for application in the dermatologic and neurologic disease
areas. We achieve this by utilizing internal resources as well as efficiently collaborating with leading technology and platform based companies and service providers, tapping into their expertise areas across different phases of the development
process. We continue to progress towards building a diversified portfolio with a sustainable mix of branded proprietary formulations generated through research and development with significantly reduced fixed costs.

Our research and development efforts have a unique

“medicines-to-molecules”
 approach to product development. In this approach, we identify areas of medical need and then leverage in an integrated manner the
disciplines of biology, chemistry, drug delivery, clinical development, regulatory and commercial positioning to develop differentiated formulations.

Our research and development model is both
in-house
 and virtual (i.e., operations are
outsourced, subject to our supervision of strategic and project management functions), and follows these core principles:

•   develop creative research and development investment models and partnerships to access external innovation
focused on leveraging, rather than replicating, unique core competencies;

•   select assets based on potential for early risk mitigation, both with respect to product development and
commercialization; and

•   leverage knowledge and presence in emerging markets (India and other developing countries) to maximize cost
advantages.

Our principal research laboratory is based in Hyderabad, India. As of March 31, 2017,
we employed a total of 163 scientists, including 38 scientists who hold Ph.D. degrees and five with M.D. degrees. We pursue an integrated research strategy through a mix of translational, formulation and analytical research at our laboratories. We
focus on discovery of new molecular targets, design of assays to screen promising molecules and development of novel formulations of currently marketed drugs or combinations thereof to address unmet medical needs.

55

Table of Contents

While we develop novel agents ourselves, we continue to seek licensing and
development opportunities with third parties to further expand our product pipeline. Our goal is to balance the development of our own product candidates with
in-licensing
 of promising compounds that
complement our product offering. We also pursue licensing and joint development of some of our lead compounds with companies looking to enhance their own product portfolio.

Pipeline Status

As of
March 31, 2017, we had 16 active product development programs in our pipeline. In January and February 2016, we received U.S. FDA approval of our New Drug Applications (each, a “NDA”) for two products – our dermatology product
Sernivo and our neurology product Zembrace. Both products were launched in the U.S. market during the year ended March 31, 2017. We also received tentative approval of our NDA for our dermatology product Zenavod.

The details of our products in Phase 3 and the products for which an NDA has been filed with U.S FDA as of March 31, 2017
are as follows:

Compound   DFN-02   DFD-06
Therapeutic Area   Neuroscience   Dermatology
Indication   Acute treatment of migraines, with or without aura in adults.   Treatment of moderate plaque psoriasis in patients 18 years of age or older.
Significant developments during the period   Pivotal bioequivalence studies were completed. Patient safety studies have been completed and efficacy study is in progress.   Phase 3 studies have been completed. Registration batches have been manufactured and all the preparations for NDA filing have been made during the period.
Significant patents associated with the compound   Patents (including those granted to the development partner) expiring as follows: • U.S.A.—2031; • All other countries—2030 Further, patent applications are pending in certain other countries along with the U.S.A.   A Patent application covering compositional matter is pending in the U.S.A. and an PCT application is also pending.
Current status/ expected NDA filing*   Phase 3 is completed. Submission of NDA to U.S. FDA is planned for 2018.   NDA was submitted in January 2017.

56

Table of Contents

[Continued from prior table, first column repeated]

Compound   DFD-10   DFD-11 (Xeglyze™)
Therapeutic Area   Dermatology   Pediatrics
Indication   Treatment of acne in patients 12 years of age or older.   Treatment of head lice in patients 6 months of age or older.
Significant developments during the period   Two pivotal bioequivalence studies completed.   The NDA was initially filed by Hatchtech in September 2015; ownership was transferred to us in December 2015.
Significant patents associated with the compound   Patent applications are pending in the U.S.A. and under the PCT.   Three patents were granted in the U.S.A., with estimated expiration in 2026. Patents were also granted in Australia, Canada, India, and New Zealand. Some other patent applications are pending in certain countries, including the
U.S.A.
Current status/ expected NDA filing*   Approval of NDA by the U.S. FDA was received in May 2017.   NDA was submitted in September 2015 and we received a complete response letter from the U.S FDA in August 2016. We expect to respond to the complete response letter in July 2017.

[Continued from prior table, first column repeated]

Compound   XP 23829   E7777
Therapeutic Area   Dermatology   Haematology-Oncology
Indication   Treatment of plaque psoriasis in patients 12 years of age or older.   Treatment of Cutaneous T Cell Lymphoma.
Significant developments during the period   This is a NCE program in-licensed from Xenoport. Phase 2 was completed.   This is an anti-cancer biologic agent in-licensed from EISAI limited.
Significant patents associated with the compound   Five patents were granted, with estimated expiration of the last such patents in 2029. In addition, one notice of allowance has been
received. Patents were also granted in multiple other countries such as Australia, China, Europe, Japan and Russia, with estimated expiration in 2029.
There are also other patent applications pending in the U.S.A. and some other countries.   None.
Current status/ expected NDA filing*   Phase 2b/3 studies being planned.   Phase 3 is in process. Submission of a biologics license application to the U.S. FDA is planned for 2019.

*   The timelines for expected filing may change due to various factors, including outcome of Phase 3 studies,
completion of Integrated Summary of Safety/Integrated Summary of Effectiveness (“ISS/ISE”), outcome of stability data and internal reprioritization of portfolio.

57

Table of Contents

Patents
. Our Proprietary Products segment had the following patent
applications filed and patents granted as of March 31, 2017:

Category   USPTO (1) (# Filed)   USPTO (1) (# Granted)   PCT (2) (# Filed)   India (# Filed)   India (# Granted)
Anti-diabetic   85   17   62   117   45
Anti-cancer   18   11   14   45   15
Anti-bacterial   8   7   10   22   4
Anti-inflammation/cardiovascular   47   27   35   26   3
Anti-ulcerant   1   1   —   1   —
Miscellaneous   18   11   4   27   8
Differentiated formulations   41   18   22   34   —
TOTAL   218   92   147   272   75

(1)   “USPTO” means the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

(2)   “PCT” means the Patent Cooperation Treaty, an international treaty that facilitates foreign patent
filings for residents of member countries when obtaining patents in other member countries.

Stages
of Testing Development.
The stages of testing required before a pharmaceutical product can be marketed in the United States are generally as follows:

Stage of Development   Description
Nonclinical   Animal studies and laboratory tests to evaluate safety and efficacy, demonstrate activity of a product candidate and identify its chemical and physical properties.
Phase 1   Clinical studies to test safety and pharmacokinetic profile of a drug in normal human subjects.
Phase 2   Clinical studies conducted with groups of patients to determine preliminary efficacy, dosage and expanded evidence of safety.
Phase 3   Larger scale clinical studies conducted in patients to provide sufficient data for statistical proof of efficacy and safety.

For ethical, scientific and legal reasons, animal studies are required in the discovery and
safety evaluation of new medicines. Nonclinical tests assess the potential safety and efficacy of a product candidate in animal models. The results of these studies must be submitted to the U.S. FDA as part of an Investigational New Drug
(“IND”) application before human testing may proceed.

U.S. law further requires that studies conducted to
support approval for product marketing be “adequate and well controlled.” In general, this means that either a placebo or a product already approved for the treatment of the disease or condition under study must be used as a reference
control. Studies must also be conducted in compliance with good clinical practice requirements, and adverse event and other reporting requirements must be followed.

The clinical trial process can take five to ten years or more to complete, and there can be no assurance that the data
collected in compliance with good clinical practice regulations will demonstrate that the product is safe or effective, or, in the case of a biologic product, pure and potent, or will provide sufficient data to support U.S. FDA approval of the
product. The U.S. FDA may place clinical trials on hold at any point in this process if, among other reasons, it concludes that clinical subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Trials may also be terminated by Institutional Review
Boards (“IRBs”) or Ethics Committees (“ECs”), which must review and approve all research involving human subjects. Side effects or adverse events that are reported during clinical trials can delay, impede, or prevent marketing
authorization.

Competition

The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are highly competitive. We face intense competition from organizations such as
large and small pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and academic and research organizations. The major pharmaceutical organizations competing with us have greater capital resources, larger overall research and development staff and
facilities and considerably more experience in drug development. Biotechnology companies competing with us may have these advantages as well.

58

Table of Contents

In addition to competition from collaborators and investors, these companies and
institutions also compete with us in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific and management personnel.

Government regulations

Virtually all pharmaceutical and biologics products that we or our collaborative partners develop will require regulatory
approval by governmental agencies prior to commercialization. The nature and extent to which these regulations apply varies depending on the nature of the products and also vary from country to country. In particular, human pharmaceutical products
are subject to rigorous nonclinical and clinical testing and other approval procedures by the relevant regulatory agency. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary widely from
country to country.

In India, under the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940, the regulation of the manufacture, sale and
distribution of drugs is primarily the concern of the state authorities while the Central Drug Control Administration is responsible for approval of new drugs, clinical trials in the country, establishing the standards for drugs, control over the
quality of imported drugs, coordination of the activities of state drug control organizations and providing expert advice with a view of bringing about the uniformity in the enforcement of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940.

In order to market a drug in the United States, we or our partners are subject to regulatory requirements governing human
clinical trials, marketing approval and post-marketing activities for pharmaceutical products and biologics. Various federal, and in some cases state, statutes and regulations also govern or influence the manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage,
record-keeping and marketing of these products. The process of obtaining these approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations is time consuming and requires substantial resources, and the approval outcome is
uncertain.

Generally, in order to gain U.S. FDA approval, a company first must conduct nonclinical studies in the
laboratory and in animal models to gain preliminary information on a compound’s activity and to identify any safety problems. Nonclinical studies must be conducted in accordance with U.S. FDA regulations. The results of these studies are
submitted as part of an IND application that the U.S. FDA must review before human clinical trials of an investigational drug can start. If the U.S. FDA does not respond with any questions, a drug developer can commence clinical trials thirty days
after the submission of an IND.

In order to eventually commercialize any products, we or our collaborator first are
required to sponsor and file an IND and are responsible for initiating and overseeing the clinical studies to demonstrate the safety and efficacy that is necessary to obtain U.S. FDA marketing approval. Clinical trials are normally done in three
phases and generally take several years to complete. The clinical trials have to be designed taking into account the applicable U.S. FDA guidelines. Furthermore, the U.S. FDA may suspend clinical trials at any time if the U.S. FDA believes that the
subjects participating in trials are being exposed to unacceptable risks or if the U.S. FDA finds deficiencies in the conduct of the trials or other problems with our product under development.

After completion of clinical trials of a new product, U.S. FDA marketing approval must be obtained. If the product is
classified as a new pharmaceutical, we or our collaborator are required to file a New Drug Application (“NDA”), and receive approval before commercial marketing of the drug. The testing and approval processes require substantial time and
effort. NDAs submitted to the U.S. FDA can take several years to obtain approval and the U.S. FDA is not obligated to grant approval at all.

Even if U.S. FDA regulatory clearances are obtained, a marketed product is subject to continual review. If and when the U.S.
FDA approves any of our or our collaborators’ products under development, the manufacture and marketing of these products are subject to continuing regulation, including compliance with cGMP, adverse event reporting requirements and
prohibitions on promoting a product for unapproved uses. Later discovery of previously unknown problems or failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may result in restrictions on the marketing of a product or withdrawal of the
product from the market as well as possible civil or criminal sanctions. Various federal and, in some cases, state statutes and regulations also govern or influence the manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping and marketing of
pharmaceutical products.

Our research and development processes involve the controlled use of hazardous materials and
controlled substances. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and waste products.

59

Table of Contents

Promius Pharma LLC

Promius Pharma LLC (“Promius Pharma”), our subsidiary based in Princeton, New Jersey in the United States, conducts
our U.S. Specialty business, which is engaged in the promotion and sale of branded specialty products in the therapeutic areas of dermatology and neurology.

In addition to its existing portfolio of proprietary and licenseddermatology and neurology products, Promius Pharma also has a
pipeline of dermatology and neurology products that are in different stages of development. Promius Pharma’s current portfolio contains innovative products for the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis, acne and steroid responsive dermatoses.
Promius has commercialized eight products: EpiCeram
®
, a skin barrier emulsion for the treatment of atopic dermatitis; Scytera
®
, a foam
for the treatment of psoriasis; Promiseb
®
, a cream for the treatment of seborrheic dermatitis; Cloderm
®
 (clocortolone pivalate 0.1%), a
cream used for treating corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses; Trianex
®
, a cream for the treatment of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses;
Zembrace SymTouch (subcutaneous sumatriptan 3mg), an autoinjector for treatment of migraine headaches; and Sernivo (betamethasone propionate, 0.05%), a spray for the treatment of mild to moderate plaque psoriasis. Promius Pharma also markets and
promotes Zenatane (isotretinoin).

Promius Pharma leverages our research, development and manufacturing facilities in
Hyderabad, India. Promius Pharma also works with various third party research organizations in conducting product development, nonclinical and clinical studies. Manufacturing is also outsourced to reputable contract manufacturing organizations in
the United States and Europe. Both of Promius Pharma’s commercial groups—dermatology and neurology have the support of teams spanning marketing, sales operations, market access and medical affairs. The dermatology and neurology teams are
comprised of 137 marketing, sales, and market access and operations professionals.

4.C.
Organizational structure

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited is the parent company in our group. Refer to Note 47 of our consolidated financial
statements for a list of our subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

60

Table of Contents

4.D.
Property, plant and equipment

Our principal executive offices are located in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. Our business operates through a number of
subsidiaries having offices, research facilities and production sites throughout the world. The following table sets forth current information relating to our principal facilities:

Sl. No.   Name/Location   Approximate Area (Square feet)   Segments Which Primarily Use
Within India
1   API Hyderabad Plant 1, Telangana, India   645,995   Global Generics and PSAI
2   API Hyderabad Plant 2, Telangana, India   732,592   Global Generics and PSAI
3   API Hyderabad Plant 3, Telangana, India   644,805   Global Generics and PSAI
4   API Hyderabad Plant 4, Telangana, India   189,343   Global Generics and PSAI
5   API Nalgonda Plant, Telangana, India   3,397,680   Global Generics and PSAI
6   API Srikakulam Plant, Andhra Pradesh, India   4,027,688   Global Generics and PSAI
7   API Srikakulam Plant (SEZ), Andhra Pradesh, India   11,001,863   Global Generics
8   Technology Development Centre Hyderabad 1, Telangana, India   113,256   PSAI
9   Technology Development Centre Hyderabad 2, Telangana, India   68,825   PSAI
10   Formulations Hyderabad Plant 1, Telangana, India   271,379   Global Generics
11   Formulations Hyderabad Plant 2, Telangana, India   3,207,826   Global Generics
12   Formulations Yanam Plant, Pondicherry, India   463,541   Global Generics
13   Formulations Baddi Plant 1, Himachal Pradesh, India   728,234   Global Generics
14   Formulations Baddi Plant 2, Himachal Pradesh, India   381,342   Global Generics
15   Biologics Hyderabad, Telangana, India   789,727   Global Generics
16   Formulations Hyderabad Plant 3, Telangana, India   1,539,089   Global Generics
17   Formulations Srikakulam Plant 1 (SEZ), Andhra Pradesh, India   879,041   Global Generics
18   Formulations Srikakulam Plant 2 (SEZ), Andhra Pradesh, India   334,105   Global Generics
19   Formulations Visakhapatnam Plant 1 (SEZ), Andhra Pradesh, India   582,206   Global Generics
20   Formulations Visakhapatnam Plant 2 (SEZ), Andhra Pradesh, India   544,322   Global Generics
21   ADTL Hyderabad, Telangana, India   187,308   Others
22   ADTL Bengaluru, Karnataka, India   718,716   Others
23   Integrated Product Development Center, Telangana, India   103,350   Global Generics, PSAI and Proprietary
Outside India
24   API Cuernavaca Plant, Mexico   2,361,840   PSAI
25   API Mirfield Plant, United Kingdom   1,785,960   PSAI
26   API Middleburgh Plant, New York, United States   292,000   Global Generics
27   Technology Development Centre, Cambridge, United Kingdom   32,966   Global Generics and PSAI
28   Technology Development Centre, OctoPlus N.V., Leiden, the Netherlands   56,500   Global Generics and PSAI
29   Formulations Beverley Plant, East Yorkshire, United Kingdom   81,000   Global Generics
30   Formulations Shreveport Plant, Louisiana, United States   2,349,251   Global Generics
31   Formulations Bristol Plant, Tennessee, United States   1,742,400   Global Generics

61

Table of Contents

We generally own our facilities. However, some of our sites (primarily office
space) are leased. All properties identified above, including leased properties, are either used for manufacturing and packaging of pharmaceutical products or for research and development activities. In addition, we have sales, marketing and
administrative offices, some of which are owned and some others are leased properties. We believe that our facilities are optimally utilized.

Global Generics

During the year ended March 31, 2013, we expanded our biosimilars facility in Hyderabad, Telangana, India to meet growing
demand in emerging markets.

During the year ended March 31, 2014, we set up a new manufacturing facility in a
Special Economic Zone in Duvvada, Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India for the manufacture of parenteral (injectable form) products. This facility helps us meet the demand for such products in some of our key markets, including the United States.

During the year ended March 31, 2015, we obtained approvals from the U.S. FDA for products to be manufactured from a
recently commissioned oral solid dosage form facility in a Special Economic Zone in Devunipalavalasa, Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh, India. This plant, which began operations during the year ended March 31, 2016, manufactures new molecules and
certain high volume products of our Global Generics segment. Further, during the year March 31, 2016, we began manufacturing products from this plant.

Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients

During the year ended March 31, 2013, we set up a new manufacturing facility in a Special Economic Zone located in
Devunipalavalasa, Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh, India. We have filed some of our new DMFs from this location. This plant is adjacent to an existing plant, in a newly acquired area of approximately 250 acres under a Pharmaceutical-Sector specific
Special Economic Zone for fiscal benefits. This location also houses our Global Generics segment’s recently commissioned oral solid dosage form facility. The formal governmental approval for designating the property as a Special Economic Zone
has been obtained.

Material plans to construct, expand and improve facilities

As of March 31, 2017, we had capital

work-in-progress
 of Rs.6,646 million and capital commitments of Rs.5,256 million for expansion of our manufacturing and research facilities, primarily relating
to facilities located in India and the United States. We currently intend to finance our additional expansion plans entirely through our operating cash flows and through cash and other investments. A majority of these projects are expected to
be completed during the fiscal years ending March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2019.

Environmental laws and regulations

We are subject to significant national and state environmental laws and regulations which govern the discharge,
emission, storage, handling and disposal of a variety of substances that may be used in or result from our operations at the above facilities.
Non-compliance
 with the applicable laws and regulations may
subject us to penalties and may also result in the closure of our facilities.

ITEM 4A.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

62

Table of Contents

ITEM 5.   OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

Overview

We are an integrated global pharmaceutical company committed to providing affordable and innovative medicines. We derive our
revenues from the sale of finished dosage forms, active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, development and manufacturing services provided to innovator pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and license fees from marketing
authorizations for our products.

The Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) evaluates our performance and
allocates resources based on an analysis of various performance indicators by reportable segments. The CODM reviews revenue and gross profit as the performance indicator for all of the operating segments, and does not review the total assets and
liabilities of an operating segment. The Chief Executive Officer is the CODM of the Company.

Our reportable operating
segments are as follows:

•   Global Generics;

•   Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (“PSAI”); and

•   Proprietary Products.

Global Generics.
 This segment consists of our business of manufacturing and marketing prescription and
over-the-counter
 finished pharmaceutical products ready for consumption by the patient, marketed under a brand name (branded formulations) or as generic finished dosages with
therapeutic equivalence to branded formulations (generics). This segment includes the operations of our biologics business.

Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients
. This segment includes our business of manufacturing and
marketing active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, also known as “API” or bulk drugs, which are the principal ingredients for finished pharmaceutical products. Active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates become finished
pharmaceutical products when the dosages are fixed in a form ready for human consumption such as a tablet, capsule or liquid using additional inactive ingredients. This segment also includes our contract research services business and our
manufacture and sale of active pharmaceutical ingredients and steroids in accordance with the specific customer requirements.

Proprietary Products.
 This segment consists of our business that focuses on the research, development, and
manufacture of differentiated formulations. These novel products fall within the dermatology and neurology therapeutic areas and are marketed and sold through Promius
®
 Pharma, LLC.

Others.
This includes the

operations of our wholly-owned subsidiary, Aurigene Discovery
Technologies Limited, a discovery stage biotechnology company developing novel and
best-in-class
 therapies in the fields of oncology and inflammation and which works
with established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in early-stage collaborations, bringing drug candidates from hit generation to
pre-clinical
 development.

The measurement of each segment’s revenues, expenses and assets is consistent with the accounting policies that are used
in preparation of our consolidated financial statements.

63

Table of Contents

Critical Accounting Policies

Critical accounting policies are defined as those that in our view are the most important to the portrayal of our financial
condition and results and that require the most exercise of management’s judgment. We consider the policies discussed under the following paragraphs to be critical for an understanding of our financial statements. The basis for preparation of
our financial statements, significant accounting policies and application of these are discussed in detail in Notes 2 and 3 to our consolidated financial statements.

Accounting estimates and judgments

While preparing financial statements in conformity with IFRS, we make certain estimates and assumptions that require difficult,
subjective and complex judgments. These judgments affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income and expenses, disclosure of contingent liabilities at the statement of financial position date and
the reported amount of income and expenses for the reporting period. Financial reporting results rely on our estimate of the effect of certain matters that are inherently uncertain. Future events rarely develop exactly as forecast and the best
estimates require adjustments, as actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We continually evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on the most recently available information.

Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods
affected. In particular, information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgments in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the financial statements are as below:

•   Evaluation of joint arrangements;

•   Assessment of functional currency;

•   Financial instruments;

•   Business combinations;

•   Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets;

•   Valuation of inventories;

•   Measurement of recoverable amounts of cash-generating units;

•   Assets and obligations relating to employee benefits;

•   Provisions;

•   Sales returns, rebates and chargeback provisions;

•   Evaluation of recoverability of deferred tax assets; and

•   Contingencies.

Revenue

Sale of goods

Revenue is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer, recovery of the
consideration is probable, the associated costs and possible return of goods can be estimated reliably, there is no continuing management involvement with the goods and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. Revenue from the sale of goods
includes excise duty and is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of returns, sales tax and applicable trade discounts and allowances. Revenue includes shipping and handling costs billed to the customer.

Revenue from sales of generic products in India is recognized upon delivery of products to distributors by our clearing and
forwarding agents. Significant risks and rewards in respect of ownership of generic products are transferred by us when the goods are delivered to distributors from clearing and forwarding agents. Clearing and forwarding agents are generally
compensated on a commission basis as a percentage of sales made by them. Revenue from sales of active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates in India is recognized on delivery of products to customers (generally formulation manufacturers) from
our factories. Revenue from export sales and other sales outside of India is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of products are transferred to the customers, which occurs upon delivery of the products to the customers
unless the terms of the applicable contract provide for specific revenue generating activities to be completed, in which case revenue is recognized once all such activities are completed.

64

Table of Contents

Profit share revenues

From time to time, we enter into marketing arrangements with certain business partners for the sale of our products in certain
markets. Under such arrangements, we sell our products to the business partners at a
non-refundable
 base purchase price agreed upon in the arrangement, and we are also entitled to a profit share which is over
and above the base purchase price. The profit share is typically dependent on the business partner’s ultimate net sale proceeds or net profits, subject to any reductions or adjustments that are required by the terms of the arrangement. Such
arrangements typically require the business partner to provide confirmation of units sold and net sales or net profit computations for the products covered under the arrangement.

Revenue in an amount equal to the base purchase price is recognized in these transactions upon delivery of products to the
business partners. An additional amount representing the profit share component is recognized as revenue in the period which corresponds to the ultimate sales of the products made by business partners only when the collectability of the profit share
becomes probable and a reliable measurement of the profit share is available. Otherwise, recognition is deferred to a subsequent period pending satisfaction of such collectability and measurability requirements. In measuring the amount of profit
share revenue to be recognized for each period, we use all available information and evidence, including any confirmations from the business partner of the profit share amount owed to us, to the extent made available before the date our Board of
Directors authorizes the issuance of our financial statements for the applicable period.

Milestone payments and out licensing arrangements

Revenues include amounts derived from product
out-licensing
 agreements. These
arrangements typically consist of an initial
up-front
 payment upon inception of the license and subsequent payments dependent on achieving certain milestones in accordance with the terms prescribed in the
agreement.
Non-refundable

up-front
 license fees received in connection with product
out-licensing
 agreements are deferred and
recognized over the period in which we have continuing performance obligations. Milestone payments which are contingent on achieving certain clinical milestones are recognized as revenues either on achievement of such milestones, if the milestones
are considered substantive, or over the period we have continuing performance obligations, if the milestones are not considered substantive. If milestone payments are creditable against future royalty payments, the milestones are deferred and
released over the period in which the royalties are anticipated to be paid.

Provision for chargeback, rebates, sales returns and discounts

In our U.S. Generics business, our gross revenues are significantly reduced by chargebacks, rebates, sales returns, discounts,
shelf stock adjustments, Medicaid payments and similar
“gross-to-net”
 adjustments. Each of such adjustments are discussed in detail below.

•   Chargebacks : Chargebacks are issued to wholesalers for the difference between our invoice price to the
wholesaler and the contract price through which the product is resold in the retail part of the supply chain. The information that we consider for establishing a chargeback accrual includes the historical average chargeback rate over a period of
time, current contract prices with wholesalers and other customers, and estimated inventory holding by the wholesaler. With this methodology, we believe that the results are more realistic and closest to the potential chargeback claims that may be
received in the future period relating to inventory on which a claim is yet to be received as at the end of the reporting period. In addition, as part of our book closure process, a chargeback validation is performed in which we track and reconcile
the volume of inventory sold for which we should carry an appropriate provision for chargeback. We procure the inventory holding statements and data through an electronic data interface with our wholesalers (representing approximately 90% of the
total value of chargebacks outstanding at every reporting date) as part of this reconciliation. On the basis of this volume reconciliation, chargeback accrual is validated. For the chargeback rate computation, we consider different contract prices
for each product across our customer base. This chargeback rate is adjusted (if necessary) on a periodic basis for expected future price reductions.

•   Shelf Stock Adjustments: Shelf stock adjustments are credits issued to customers to reflect decreases
in the selling price of products sold by us, and are accrued when the prices of certain products decline as a result of increased competition upon the expiration of limited competition or exclusivity periods. These credits are customary in the
pharmaceutical industry, and are intended to reduce the customer inventory cost to better reflect the current market prices. The determination to grant a shelf stock adjustment to a customer is based on the terms of the applicable contract, which
may or may not specifically limit the age of the stock on which a credit would be offered.

65

Table of Contents

•   Rebates : Rebates (direct and indirect) are generally provided to customers as an incentive to stock and
sell our products. Rebate amounts are based on a customer’s purchases made during an applicable period. Rebates are paid to wholesalers, chain drug stores, health maintenance organizations or pharmacy buying groups under a contract with us. We
determine our estimates of rebate accruals primarily based on the contracts entered into with our wholesalers and other direct customers and the information received from them for secondary sales made by them. For direct rebates, liability is
accrued whenever we invoice to direct customers. For indirect rebates, the accruals are based on a representative weighted average percentage of the contracted rebate amount applied to inventory sold and delivered by us to wholesalers or other
direct customers.

•   Sales Return Allowances: We account for sales returns by recording a provision based on our estimate of
expected sales returns. We deal in various products and operate in various markets. Accordingly, our estimate of sales returns is determined primarily by our experience in these markets. In respect of established products, we determine an estimate
of sales returns provision primarily based on historical experience of such sales returns. Additionally, other factors that we consider in determining the estimate include levels of inventory in the distribution channel, estimated shelf life,
product discontinuances, price changes of competitive products, and introduction of competitive new products, to the extent each of these factors impact our business and markets. We consider all of these factors and adjust the sales return provision
to reflect our actual experience. With respect to new products introduced by us, those have historically been either extensions of an existing product line where we have historical experience or in a general therapeutic category where established
products exist and are sold either by us or our competitors.

We have not yet introduced products in a
new therapeutic category where the sales returns experience of such products by us or our competitors (as we understand based on industry publications) is not known. The amount of sales returns for our newly launched products have not historically
differed significantly from sales returns experience of the then current products marketed by us or our competitors (as we understand based on industry publications). Accordingly, we do not expect sales returns for new products to be significantly
different from expected sales returns of current products. We evaluate sales returns of all our products at the end of each reporting period and record necessary adjustments, if any.

•   Medicaid Payments: We estimate the portion of our sales that may get dispensed to customers covered
under Medicaid programs based on the proportion of units sold in the previous two quarters for which a Medicaid claim could be received as compared to the total number of units sold in the previous two quarters. The proportion is based on an
analysis of the actual Medicaid claims received for the preceding four quarters. In addition, we also apply the same percentage on the derived estimated inventory sold and delivered by us to our wholesalers and other direct customers to arrive at
the potential volume of products on which a Medicaid claim could be received. We use this approach because we believe that it corresponds to the approximate six month time period it takes for us to receive claims from the various Medicaid programs.
After estimating the number of units on which a Medicaid claim is to be paid, we use the latest available Medicaid reimbursement rate per unit to calculate the Medicaid accrual. In the case of new products, accruals are done based on specific inputs
from our marketing team or data from the publications of IMS Health.

•   Cash Discounts: We offer cash discounts to our customers, generally at 2% of the gross sales price, as
an incentive for paying within invoice terms, which generally range from 45 to 90 days. Accruals for such cash discounts do not involve any significant variables, and the estimates are based on the gross sales price and agreed cash discount
percentage at the time of invoicing.

We believe our estimation processes are reasonable methods of
determining accruals for the
“gross-to-net”
 adjustments. Chargeback accrual accounts for the highest element among the
“gross-to-net”
 adjustments, and constituted approximately
55%
 of such
“gross-to-net”
 adjustments for
our U.S. Generics business for the year ended March 31, 2017. For the purpose of the following discussion, we are therefore restricting our explanations to this specific element. While chargeback accruals depend on multiple variables, the most
pertinent variables are our estimates of inventories on which a chargeback claim is yet to be received and the unit price at which the chargeback will be processed. To determine the chargeback accrual applicable for a reporting period, we perform
the following procedures to calculate these two variables:

a)   Estimated inventory —Inventory volumes on which a chargeback claim that is expected to be received
in the future are determined using the validation process and methodology described above (see “Chargebacks” above). When such a validation process is performed, we note that the difference represents an immaterial variation. Therefore, we
believe that our estimation process in regard to this variable is reasonable.

66

Table of Contents

b)   Unit pricing rate— At any point in time, inventory volumes on which we carry our chargeback
accrual represents up to 1 month of sales volumes. Therefore, the sensitivity of price changes on our chargeback accrual only relates to such volumes. Assuming that the chargebacks were processed within such period, we analyzed the impact of changes
of prices for the periods beginning April 1, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, on our estimated inventory levels computed based on the methodology described above (see
“Chargebacks” above). We note that the impact on net sales on account of such price variation was negligible.

In view of this, we believe that the calculations are not subject to a level of uncertainty that warrants a probability-based
approach. Accordingly, we believe that we have been reasonable in our estimates for future chargeback claims and that the amounts of reversals or adjustments made in the current period pertaining to the previous year’s accruals are immaterial.
Further, this data is not determinable except on occurrence of specific instances or events during a period, which warrant an adjustment to be made for such accruals.

A roll-forward for each major accrual for our U.S. Generics operations is presented below for our fiscal years ended
March 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017:

Particulars   Chargebacks   Rebates   Medicaid   Sales Returns
(All values in U.S. $millions)
Beginning Balance: April 1, 2014   126   130   15   28
Current provisions relating to sales in current
year (1)   1,939   635   24   32
Provisions and adjustments relating to sales in prior years   *   —   0   —
Credits and payments**   (1,871   )   (543   )   (22   )   (20   )
Ending Balance: March 31, 2015   194   222   17   40
Beginning Balance: April 1, 2015   194   222   17   40
Current provisions relating to sales in current
year (2)   2,208   767   23   32
Provisions and adjustments relating to sales in prior years   *   —   —   —
Credits and payments**   (2,193   )   (732   )   (26   )   (27   )
Ending Balance: March 31, 2016   209   257   14   45
Beginning Balance: April 1, 2016   209   257   14   45
Current provisions relating to sales in current
year (3)   1,963   700   22   28
Provisions and adjustments relating to sales in prior years   *   —   —   —
Credits and payments**   (1,981   )   (771   )   (23   )   (37   )
Ending Balance: March 31, 2017   191   186   13   36

*   Currently, we do not separately track provisions and adjustments, in each case to the extent relating to prior
years for chargebacks. However, the adjustments are expected to be non-material. The volumes used to calculate the closing balance of chargebacks represent up to 1.1 months equivalent of sales, which
corresponds to the pending chargeback claims yet to be processed.

**   Currently, we do not separately track the credits and payments, in each case to the extent relating to prior
years for chargebacks, rebates, medicaid payments or sales returns.

(1)   Chargebacks and rebates provisions for the year ended
March 31, 2015 and payments for the year ended March 31, 2015 were each higher as compared to the year ended March 31, 2014, primarily as a result of customer consolidation (such as the Walgreens Boots Alliance Development, the Red
Oak Sourcing joint venture between CVS and Cardinal Health, and the McKesson expanded distribution agreements with Rite Aid and Omnicare). Such customer consolidation has led to an increase in the difference between our invoice price to the
wholesaler and the contract price through which the product is resold in the retail part of the supply chain, as well as an increase in rebates offered to retail customers.

(2)   Chargebacks and rebates provisions for the year ended
March 31, 2016 and payments for the year ended March 31, 2016 were each higher as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015, primarily as a result of product mix changes and the addition of new products.

(3)   Chargebacks and rebates provisions for the year ended
March 31, 2017 and payments for the year ended March 31, 2017 were each lower as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016, primarily as a result of lower sales, product mix changes and relatively low value of new products.

67

Table of Contents

The estimates of

“gross-to-net”
 adjustments for our operations in India and other countries outside of the U.S. relate mainly to sales return allowances in all such operations,
and certain rebates to healthcare insurance providers are specific to our German operations. The pattern of such sales return allowances is generally consistent with our gross sales. In Germany, the rebates to healthcare insurance providers
mentioned above are contractually fixed in nature and do not involve significant estimations by us.

Our overall provision
for sales returns as at March 31, 2017 was Rs.3,784 million, as compared to a provision of Rs.4,421 million as at March 31, 2016. This decrease in our provision was primarily attributable to a lower allowance for returns
provision created for the year ended March 31, 2017 due to lower sales recorded for the year ended March 31, 2017 based on our historical experience and recent trends in actual sales returns, in the markets in which we operate. For further
information regarding our sales return provisions, refer to Note 21 to our consolidated financial statements.

Services

Revenue from services rendered, which primarily relate to contract research, is recognized in the consolidated income statement
as the underlying services are performed. Upfront
non-refundable
 payments received under these arrangements are deferred and recognized as revenue over the expected period over which the related services are
expected to be performed.

Export entitlements

Export entitlements from government authorities are recognized in the consolidated income statement as a reduction from
“Cost of Revenues” when the right to receive credit as per the terms of the scheme is established in respect of the exports made by us, and where there is no significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate collection of the relevant export
proceeds.

Financial instruments

Non-derivative
 financial instruments

Non-derivative
 financial instruments consist of investments in mutual funds, equity
securities, trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, loans and borrowings, trade and other payables and certain other assets and liabilities.

Non-derivative
 financial instruments are recognized initially at fair value plus any
directly attributable transaction costs, except for those instruments that are designated as being fair value through profit and loss upon initial recognition. Subsequent to initial recognition,
non-derivative

financial instruments are measured as described below.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily
convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value. For this purpose, “short-term” means investments having maturity of three months or less from the date of investment. Bank overdrafts
that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of our cash management are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statement of cash flows.

Other investments

Other
investments consist of term deposits with original maturities of more than three months, and mutual funds and equity securities.

Investments in mutual funds and equity securities are classified as
available-for-sale
 financial assets. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are measured at fair value and changes therein, other than impairment losses, are recognized in other comprehensive income/(loss)
and presented within equity under “fair value reserve”. When an investment is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss in equity is transferred to the consolidated income statement

68

Table of Contents

Trade payables

Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from
suppliers. Trade payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is expected within one year or within the normal operating cycle of the business.

Trade receivables

Trade
receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business. Trade receivables are classified as current assets if the collection is expected within one year or within the normal operating
cycle of the business.

Debt instruments and other financial liabilities

We initially recognize debt instruments issued on the date that they originate. All other financial liabilities are recognized
initially on the trade date, which is the date we become a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. These are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, these
financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

Other
non-derivative

financial instruments

Other
non-derivative
 financial instruments are measured
at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses.

De-recognition
 of financial
assets and liabilities

We derecognize a financial asset when the contractual right to the cash flows from that asset
expires, or we transfer the rights to receive the contractual cash flows on the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred. If we retain substantially all the
risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, we continue to recognize the financial asset and also recognize a collateralized borrowing, at amortized cost, for the proceeds received.

We derecognize a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference
between the carrying amount of the derecognized financial liability and the consideration paid is recognized as profit or loss.

Offsetting financial
assets and liabilities

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of
financial position when, and only when, we have a legal right and ability to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Derivative financial instruments

We are exposed to exchange rate risks which arise from our foreign exchange revenues, expenses and borrowings primarily in U.S.
dollars, U.K. pounds sterling, Russian roubles, Venezuelan bolivars, Romanian new leus and Euros, and foreign currency debt in U.S. dollars, Russian roubles and Euros.

We use derivative financial instruments, including foreign exchange forward contracts, option contracts and currency swap
contracts, to mitigate our risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. We also use
non-derivative
 financial instruments as part of our foreign currency exposure risk mitigation
strategy.

69

Table of Contents

Hedges of highly probable forecasted transactions

We classify our derivative financial instruments that hedge foreign currency risk associated with highly probable forecasted
transactions as cash flow hedges and measure them at fair value. The effective portion of such cash flow hedges is recorded in our hedging reserve, as a component of equity, and
re-classified
 to the
consolidated income statement as revenue in the period corresponding to the occurrence of the forecasted transactions. The ineffective portion of such cash flow hedges is recorded in the consolidated income statement as finance costs immediately.

We also designate certain
non-derivative
 financial liabilities, such as foreign
currency borrowings from banks, as hedging instruments for hedge of foreign currency risk associated with highly probable forecasted transactions. Accordingly, we apply cash flow hedge accounting to such relationships. Remeasurement gain/loss on
such
non-derivative
 financial liabilities is recorded in our hedging reserve, as a component of equity, and reclassified to the consolidated income statement as revenue in the period corresponding to the
occurrence of the forecasted transactions.

Upon initial designation of a hedging instrument, we formally document the
relationship between the hedging instrument and hedged item, including the risk management objectives and strategy in undertaking the hedge transaction and the hedged risk, together with the methods that will be used to assess the effectiveness of
the hedging relationship. We make an assessment, both at the inception of the hedge relationship as well as on an ongoing basis, of whether the hedging instruments are expected to be “highly effective” in offsetting the changes in the fair
value or cash flows of the respective hedged items attributable to the hedged risk, and whether the actual results of each hedge are within a range of
80%-125%
 relative to the gain or loss on the hedged items.
For cash flow hedges to be “highly effective”, a forecast transaction that is the subject of the hedge must be highly probable and must present an exposure to variations in cash flows that could ultimately affect profit or loss.

If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, then
hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in other comprehensive income/(loss), remains there until the forecast transaction occurs. If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur,
then the balance in other comprehensive income/(loss) is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.

Hedges of recognized assets and
liabilities

Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments (such as forward contracts and option
contracts) that economically hedge monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies, and for which no hedge accounting is applied, are recognized in the consolidated income statement. The changes in fair value of such derivative financial
instruments, as well as the foreign exchange gains and losses relating to the monetary items, are recognized as part of “net finance income/(expense)” in the consolidated income statement.

Hedges of changes in the interest rates

Consistent with our risk management policy, we use interest rate swaps to mitigate the risk of changes in interest rates. We do
not use such instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

Foreign currency

Functional currency

The
consolidated financial statements are presented in Indian rupees, which is the functional currency of our parent company. Functional currency of an entity is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates.

In respect of certain
non-Indian
 subsidiaries that operate as marketing arms of our
parent company in their respective countries/regions, the functional currency has been determined to be the functional currency of our parent company (i.e., the Indian rupee). The operations of these subsidiaries are largely restricted to importing
of finished goods from our parent company in India, sales of these products in the foreign country and making of import payments to our parent company. The cash flows realized from sales of goods are available for making import payments to our
parent company and cash is paid to our parent company on a regular basis. The costs incurred by these subsidiaries are primarily the cost of goods imported from our parent company. The financing of these subsidiaries is done directly or indirectly
by our parent company. In respect of subsidiaries whose operations are self-contained and integrated within their respective countries/regions, the functional currency has been generally determined to be the local currency of those
countries/regions, unless use of a different currency is considered appropriate.

70

Table of Contents

Foreign currency transactions and foreign operations

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of entities within our company group
at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date.

Non-monetary
 items that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Exchange differences arising on the settlement of
monetary items or on translating monetary items at rates different from those at which they were translated on initial recognition during the period or in previous financial statements are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they
arise.

However, foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the following items are recognized in other
comprehensive income (“OCI”):

•   available for sale equity investments (except on impairment, in which case foreign currency differences that
have been recognized in OCI are reclassified to the consolidated income statement);

•   a financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation to the extent that
the hedge is effective; and

•   qualifying cash flow hedges, to the extent that the hedges are effective.

When several exchange rates are available, the rate used is that at which the future cash flows represented by the transaction
or balance could have been settled if those cash flows had occurred at the measurement date. In such circumstances, we consider all the relevant facts and circumstances in determining the most appropriate rate to use for the purpose of translation,
including practical difficulties, uncertainties or delays associated with applying a foreign currency at a particular rate.

Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item receivable from a foreign operation, the settlement of which is
neither planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are considered to form part of the net investment in the foreign operation and are recognized in other comprehensive income/(loss) and presented within equity as a part of foreign currency
translation reserve (“FCTR”).

In case of foreign operations whose functional currency is different from Indian
rupees (our parent company’s functional currency), the assets and liabilities of such foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising upon acquisition, are translated to the reporting currency at exchange rates at the
reporting date. The income and expenses of such foreign operations are translated to the reporting currency at the monthly average exchange rates prevailing during the year. Resulting foreign currency differences are recognized in other
comprehensive income/(loss) and presented within equity as part of FCTR. When a foreign operation is disposed of, in part or in full, the relevant amount in the FCTR is transferred to the consolidated income statement.

Business combinations

We use the acquisition method of accounting to account for any business combination that occurred on or after
April 1, 2009. The acquisition date is the date on which control is transferred to the acquirer. Judgment is applied in determining the acquisition date and determining whether control is transferred from one party to another. Control
exists when we are exposed to, or have rights to variable returns from our involvement with the entity and have the ability to affect those returns through power over the entity. In assessing control, potential voting rights are considered only if
the rights are substantive. We measure goodwill as of the applicable acquisition date at the fair value of the consideration transferred, including the recognized amount of any
non-controlling
 interest in the
acquiree, less the net recognized amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. When the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the consideration transferred, a bargain purchase gain
is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement. Consideration transferred includes the fair values of the assets transferred, liabilities incurred by us to the previous owners of the acquiree, and equity interests issued by us.
Consideration transferred also includes the fair value of any contingent consideration. Consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of
pre-existing
 relationships. Any goodwill
that arises on account of such business combination is tested annually for impairment.

71

Table of Contents

Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the date of
acquisition. If an obligation to pay contingent consideration that meets the definition of a financial instrument is classified as equity, then it is not
re-measured
 and the settlement is accounted for within
equity. Otherwise, other contingent consideration is
re-measured
 at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are recorded in the consolidated
income statement.

A contingent liability of the acquiree is assumed in a business combination only if such a liability
represents a present obligation and arises from a past event, and its fair value can be measured reliably.

On an
acquisition-by-acquisition
 basis, we recognize any
non-controlling
 interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the
non-controlling
 interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Transaction costs that we incur in connection with a business combination, such as finder’s fees, legal fees,
due diligence fees and other professional and consulting fees, are expensed as incurred.

Acquisitions of
non-controlling
 interests are accounted for as transactions with equity holders in their capacity as equity holders. The difference between any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying
value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity

Property, plant and equipment

Recognition and measurement

Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if
any. Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost of materials and other costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to a working condition for
its intended use. Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the construction or production of a qualifying asset are capitalized as part of the cost of that asset.

When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items
(major components) of property, plant and equipment.

Gains and losses upon disposal of an item of property, plant and
equipment are determined by comparing the proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and are recognized net within “other (income)/expense, net” in the consolidated income statement.

The cost of replacing part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of the item if it
is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to us and its cost can be measured reliably. The costs of repairs and maintenance are recognized in the consolidated income statement as incurred.

Items of property, plant and equipment acquired through exchange of
non-monetary

assets are measured at fair value, unless the exchange transaction lacks commercial substance or the fair value of either the asset received or asset given up is not reliably measurable, in which case the asset exchanged is recorded at the carrying
amount of the asset given up.

Depreciation

Depreciation is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight line basis over the estimated useful lives of
property, plant and equipment. Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives. The depreciation expense is included in the costs of the functions using the asset. Land is not depreciated.

Leasehold improvements are depreciated over period of the lease agreement or the useful life, whichever is shorter.

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date. The estimated useful lives are as
follows:

72

Table of Contents

Buildings
- Factory and administrative buildings   20 - 50 years
- Ancillary structures   3 - 15 years
Plant and equipment   3 - 15 years
Furniture, fixtures and office equipment   4 - 10 years
Vehicles   4 - 5 years
Computer equipment   3 - 5 years

Software for internal use, which is primarily acquired from third-party vendors and which is
an integral part of a tangible asset, including consultancy charges for implementing the software, is capitalized as part of the related tangible asset. Subsequent costs associated with maintaining such software are recognized as expense as
incurred. The capitalized costs are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software or the remaining useful life of the tangible fixed asset, whichever is lower.

Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plant and equipment outstanding at each reporting date and the cost of
property, plant and equipment not ready to use before such date are disclosed under capital
work-in-progress.
 Assets not ready for use are not depreciated.

Goodwill and other intangible assets

Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of consideration transferred, together with the amount of
non-controlling
 interest in the acquiree, over the fair value of our share of identifiable net assets acquired.

Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses. In respect of equity accounted investees, the carrying amount
of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment, and any impairment loss on such an investment is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying value of the equity accounted investee.

Other intangible assets

Other intangible assets that are acquired by us, which have finite useful lives, are measured at cost less accumulated
amortization and accumulated impairment losses.

Subsequent expenditures are capitalized only when they increase the
future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which they relate. All other expenditures, including expenditures on internally generated goodwill and brands, is recognized in the consolidated income statement as incurred.

Research and development

Expenditures on research activities undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge and
understanding are recognized in the consolidated income statements as incurred.

Expenditures on development activities
involving a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved products and processes are capitalized only if:

•   development costs can be measured reliably;

•   the product or process is technically and commercially feasible;

•   future economic benefits are probable; and

•   we intend to and have sufficient resources to complete development and to use or sell the asset.

Our internal drug development expenditures are capitalized only if they meet the recognition criteria
as mentioned above. Where regulatory and other uncertainties are such that the criteria are not met, the expenditures are recognized in profit or loss as incurred. This is almost invariably the case prior to approval of the drug by the relevant
regulatory authority. However, where the recognition criteria are met, intangible assets are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over their useful economic lives from product launch.

73

Table of Contents

As of March 31, 2017, no internal drug development expenditure amounts have met the
recognition criteria. The expenditures to be capitalized include the cost of materials and other costs directly attributable to preparing the asset for its intended use. Other development expenditures are recognized in the consolidated income
statements as incurred.

A substantial portion of our current research and development activities relates to the development of
bio-equivalent
 products, which do not require full scale clinical trials to be conducted prior to the filing by us of applications with regulatory authorities to allow the marketing and sale of such products. Our
total research and development costs for the year ended March 31, 2017 were Rs.19,551 million, which was approximately 14% of our total revenue for the year. The amounts spent on research and development related to our
bio-equivalent
 products for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 represented approximately 61%, 65%, and 60%, respectively, of our total research and development expenditures.

For each of our
bio-equivalent
 generic product research and development projects, the
timing and cost of completion varies depending on numerous factors, including, among others: the intellectual property patented by the innovator for the applicable product; the patent regimes of the countries in which we seek to market the product;
our development strategy for such product; the complexity of the molecule for such product; and the time required to address any development challenges that arise during the development process. For any particular

bio-equivalent
 generic product, these factors and other product launch requirements may vary across the numerous geographies in which we seek to market the product. In addition,

bio-equivalent
 research and development projects often may relate to a number of different therapeutic areas. At any particular point of time, we tend to have a very high number of
bio-equivalent
 generic product research and development projects ongoing simultaneously, in various developmental stages, with the exact number of such active projects changing regularly. As a result, we believe it
would be impractical for us to state the exact number of ongoing projects and the estimated timing or cost to complete such projects.

Payments to third parties that generally take the form of
up-front
 payments and
milestones for
in-licensed
 products, compounds and intellectual property are capitalized. Our criteria for capitalization of such assets are consistent with the guidance given in paragraph 25 of International
Accounting Standard 38, “Intangible Assets” (“IAS 38”) (i.e., receipt of economic benefits out of the separately purchased transaction is considered to be probable).

Acquired research and development intangible assets, which are under development and have accordingly not yet obtained
marketing approval, are recognized as
In-Process
 Research and Development (“IPR&D”) assets. IPR&D assets are not amortized, but evaluated for potential impairment on an annual basis or when
there are indications that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Any impairment charge on such IPR&D assets is recorded in the consolidated income statement under “Research and Development expenses”.

Subsequent expenditure on an
in-process
 research or development project acquired
separately or in a business combination, and recognized as an intangible asset, is:

•   recognized as an expense when incurred, if it is research expenditure;

•   recognized as an expense when incurred, if it is development expenditure that does not satisfy the criteria
for recognition as an intangible asset in paragraph 57 of IAS 38; and

•   added to the carrying amount of the acquired in-process research or
development project, if it is development expenditure that satisfies the recognition criteria in paragraph 57 of IAS 38.

Intangible assets relating to products in development, other intangible assets not available for use and intangible assets
having indefinite useful life are subject to impairment testing at each reporting date. All other intangible assets are tested for impairment when there are indications that the carrying value may not be recoverable. All impairment losses are
recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.

Amortization

Amortization is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of
intangible assets or on any other basis that reflects the pattern in which the asset’s future economic benefits are expected to be consumed by the entity. Intangible assets that are not available for use are amortized from the date they are
available for use.

In determining the useful life we consider the following factors:

•   technical, technological, commercial or other types of obsolescence;

•   expected actions by competitors or potential competitors;

•   typical product life cycles for the asset and public information on estimates of useful lives of similar
assets that are used in a similar way; and

•   the period of control over the asset and legal or similar limits on the use of the asset.

74

Table of Contents

The estimated useful lives are as follows:

Trademarks   3 - 12 years
Product related intangibles   5 - 15 years
Customer-related intangibles   1 - 11 years
Technology related intangibles   3 - 13 years
Other intangibles   3 - 15 years

Impairment

Financial assets

A
financial asset is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any objective evidence that it is impaired. A financial asset is considered to be impaired if objective evidence indicates that one or more events have had a negative
effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at
amortized cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate. An impairment loss in respect of an
available-for-sale
 financial asset is calculated by reference to its fair value.

Significant financial assets are tested for impairment on an individual basis.

All impairment losses are recognized in the consolidated income statement. When the fair value of
available-for-sale
 financial assets declines below acquisition cost and there is objective evidence that the asset is impaired, the cumulative loss that has been recognized in
other comprehensive income is transferred to the consolidated income statement. An impairment loss may be reversed in subsequent periods if the indicators for the impairment no longer exist. Such reversals are recognized in other comprehensive
income.

Non-financial
 assets

The carrying amounts of our
non-financial
 assets, other than inventories and deferred
tax assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. For goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite
lives or that are not yet available for use, an impairment test is performed each year at March 31.

The recoverable
amount of an asset or cash-generating unit (as defined below) is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
pre-tax
 discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or the cash-generating unit. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped
together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).

In the circumstances where the asset specific discount rate is not directly available from the market, we use surrogates to
estimate the discount rate. For this purpose, we take into consideration the following rates:

•   the weighted average cost of capital determined using techniques such as the Capital Asset Pricing Model;

•   our incremental borrowing rate; and

•   other market borrowing rates.

However, these rates are adjusted:

•   to reflect the way that the market would assess the specific risks associated with the asset’s estimated
cash flows; and

•   to exclude the risks that are not relevant to the asset’s estimated cash flows or for which the estimated
cash flows have been adjusted.

Consideration is given to risks such as country risk, currency risk and
price risk.

The goodwill acquired in a business combination is, for the purpose of impairment testing, allocated to
cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

An impairment loss is
recognized if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognized in the consolidated income statement. Impairment losses recognized in respect of cash-generating
units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the unit on a
pro-rata
 basis.

75

Table of Contents

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other
assets, impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss for an asset other than goodwill is reversed if there has been a change
in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss for an asset other than goodwill is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized. Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an associate is not recognized separately, and therefore is not tested for impairment separately.
Instead, the entire amount of the investment in an associate is tested for impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the investment in an associate may be impaired.

Income tax

Income
tax expense consists of current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items recognized directly in equity, in which case it is recognized in equity. Current tax is the expected
tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is recognized using the balance sheet method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognized for the following temporary differences: the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not
a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit; differences relating to investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities to the extent that it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable
future; and taxable temporary differences arising upon the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws that have been
enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax
authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realized simultaneously.

A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
which the temporary difference can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.

Any deferred tax asset or liability arising from deductible or taxable temporary differences in respect of unrealized
inter-company profit or loss on inventories held by us in different tax jurisdictions is recognized using the tax rate of the jurisdiction in which such inventories are held. Withholding tax arising out of payment of dividends to shareholders under
the Indian Income tax regulations is not considered as tax expense for us and all such taxes are recognized in the statement of changes in equity as part of the associated dividend payment.

Inventories

Inventories consist of raw materials, stores and spares, work in progress and finished goods, and are measured at the lower of
cost and net realizable value. The cost of all categories of inventories is based on the weighted average method. Cost includes expenditures incurred in acquiring the inventories, production or conversion costs and other costs incurred in bringing
them to their existing location and condition. In the case of finished goods and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of overheads based on normal operating capacity. Stores and spares consists of packing materials, engineering
spares (such as machinery spare parts) and consumables (such as lubricants, cotton waste and oils) that are used in operating machines or consumed as indirect materials in the manufacturing process.

Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion
and selling expenses.

The factors that we consider in determining the allowance for slow moving, obsolete and other
non-saleable
 inventory includes estimated shelf life, planned product discontinuances, price changes, aging of inventory and introduction of competitive new products, to the extent each of these factors impact our
business and markets. We consider all of these factors and adjust the inventory provision to reflect our actual experience on a periodic basis.

76

Table of Contents

Litigations

We are involved in disputes, lawsuits, claims, governmental and/or regulatory inspections, inquiries, investigations and
proceedings, including patent and commercial matters that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Most of the claims involve complex issues. We assess the need to make a provision for a liability for such claims and record a
provision when we determine that a loss related to a matter is both probable and reasonably estimable.

Because litigation
and other contingencies are inherently unpredictable, our assessment can involve judgments about future events. Often, these issues are subject to uncertainties and therefore the probability of a loss, if any, being sustained and an estimate of the
amount of any loss are difficult to ascertain. This is due to a number of factors, including: the stage of the proceedings (in many cases trial dates have not been set) and the overall length and extent of

pre-trial
 discovery; the entitlement of the parties to an action to appeal a decision; clarity as to theories of liability; damages and governing law; uncertainties in timing of litigation; and the possible
need for further legal proceedings to establish the appropriate amount of damages, if any. We also believe that disclosure of the amount of damages sought by plaintiffs, if that is known, would not be meaningful with respect to those legal
proceedings.

Consequently, for a majority of these claims, it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the
expected financial effect, if any, that will result from ultimate resolution of the proceedings. In such circumstances, we disclose information with respect to the nature and facts of the case.

Other provisions

We recognize a provision if, as a result of a past event, we have a present legal or constructive obligation that can be
estimated reliably, and it is probable (i.e., more likely than not) that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined by discounting the
expected future cash flows at a
pre-tax
 rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is used, the increase in the
provision due to the passage of time is recognized as a finance cost.

Restructuring

A provision for restructuring is recognized when we have approved a detailed and formal restructuring plan, and the
restructuring either has commenced or has been announced publicly. Future operating costs are not provided.

Onerous contracts

A provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the expected benefits to be derived by us from a contract are lower than
the unavoidable cost of meeting its obligations under the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract. Before a
provision is established, we recognize any impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract.

Reimbursement rights

Expected reimbursements for expenditures required to settle a provision are recognized only when receipt of such reimbursements
is virtually certain. Such reimbursements are recognized as a separate asset in the statement of financial position, with a corresponding credit to the specific expense for which the provision has been made.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Refer to Note 3(s) to our consolidated financial statements.

77

Table of Contents

5.A.
Operating results

Income Statement Data

For the year ended March 31,
2017   2017   2016   2015
(Rs. in millions, U.S.$ in millions)
Convenience translation into U.S.$
Revenues   U.S.$   2,171   Rs.140,809   Rs.154,708   Rs.148,189
Cost of revenues   963   62,453   62,427   62,786
Gross profit   1,208   78,356   92,281   85,403
Selling, general and administrative expenses   715   46,372   45,702   42,585
Research and development expenses   301   19,551   17,834   17,449
Other (income)/expense, net   (16   )   (1,065   )   (874   )   (917   )
Results from operating activities   208   13,498   29,619   26,286
Finance (expense)/income, net   12   806   (2,708   )   1,682
Share of profit of equity accounted investees, net of tax   5   349   229   195
Profit before tax   226   14,653   27,140   28,163
Tax expense   40   2,614   7,127   5,984
Profit for the year   U.S.$   186   Rs.12,039   Rs.20,013   Rs.22,179

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, financial data as percentages of
total revenues and the increase (or decrease) by item as a percentage of the amount over the comparable period in the previous years.

Percentage of Sales For the year ended March 31,   Percentage Increase/(Decrease)
2017   2016   2015   2016 to 2017   2015 to 2016
Revenues   100.0   %   100.0   %   100.0   %   (9.0   %)   4.4   %
Gross profit   55.6   %   59.6   %   57.6   %   (15.1   %)   8.1   %
Selling, general, and administrative expenses   32.9   %   29.5   %   28.7   %   1.5   %   7.3   %
Research and development expenses   13.9   %   11.5   %   11.8   %   9.6   %   2.2   %
Other (income)/expense, net   (0.8   %)   (0.6   %)   (0.6   %)   21.8   %   (4.7   %)
Results from operating activities   9.6   %   19.1   %   17.7   %   (54.4   %)   12.7   %
Finance (expense)/income, net   0.6   %   (1.8   %)   1.1   %   (129.8   %)   (261.1   %)
Share of profit of equity accounted investees, net of tax   0.2   %   0.1   %   0.1   %   52.5   %   17.7   %
Profit before taxes   10.4   %   17.5   %   19.0   %   (46.0   %)   (3.6   %)
Tax expense   (1.9   %)   (4.6   %)   (4.0   %)   (63.3   %)   19.1   %
Profit for the year   8.5   %   12.9   %   15.0   %   (39.8   %)   (9.8   %)

78

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our consolidated
revenues by segment:

For the year ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
(Rs. in millions)
Revenues   Revenues (Segment % of Total)   Revenues   Revenues (Segment % of Total)   Revenues   Revenues (Segment % of Total)
Global Generics   Rs.   115,409   82   %   Rs.   128,062   83   %   Rs.   119,397   81   %
Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients   21,277   15   %   22,379   14   %   25,456   17   %
Proprietary Products   2,363   2   %   2,659   2   %   2,172   1   %
Others   1,760   1   %   1,608   1   %   1,164   1   %
Total   Rs.   140,809   100   %   Rs.   154,708   100   %   Rs.   148,189   100   %

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017 compared to Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2016

Revenues

Our overall
consolidated revenues were Rs.140,809 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, a decrease of 9% as compared to Rs.154,708 million for the year ended March 31, 2016. This revenue decline for the year ended March 31, 2017
was primarily due to decreased sales (largely driven by reduced prices) in our Global Generics segment’s North America (the United States and Canada) business and constrained operations in Venezuela.

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our consolidated revenues by geography:

For the year ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Revenues   % of Total Revenue *   Revenues   % of Total Revenue *   Revenues   % of Total Revenue *
(Rs. in millions)
Global Generics   Rs.   115,409   82   %   Rs.   128,062   83   %   Rs.   119,397   81   %
North America (the United States and Canada)   63,601   55   %   75,445   59   %   63,564   53   %
Europe   7,606   7   %   7,732   6   %   6,481   5   %
India   23,131   20   %   21,293   17   %   17,870   15   %
Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union   15,238   13   %   14,176   11   %   18,425   16   %
Others   5,833   5   %   9,416   7   %   13,057   11   %
Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients   Rs.   21,277   15   %   Rs.   22,379   14   %   Rs.   25,456   17   %
North America (the United States and Canada)   3,569   17   %   3,052   14   %   4,605   18   %
Europe   8,410   40   %   9,313   42   %   10,507   41   %
India   1,750   8   %   2,618   12   %   3,288   13   %
Others   7,548   35   %   7,396   32   %   7,056   28   %
Proprietary Products and Others   Rs.   4,123   3   %   Rs.   4,267   3   %   Rs.   3,336   2   %
Total   Rs.   140,809   100   %   Rs.   154,708   100   %   Rs.   148,189   100   %

*
This represents the segment’s revenue from sales in the respective geography as a percentage of
the total segment’s revenue.

For the year ended March 31, 2017, the U.S. dollar, Euro and Russian rouble
appreciated by approximately 2%, 2% and 3%, respectively, against the Indian rupee as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. These changes in exchange rates increased our reported revenues because of the increase in Indian rupee realization
from sales in U.S. dollars, Euros and Russian roubles.

79

Table of Contents

Segment analysis

Global Generics

Revenues from our Global Generics segment were Rs.115,409 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, a decrease of
10% as compared to Rs.128,062 million for the year ended March 31, 2016. The revenue decline was largely attributable to this segment’s operations in the United States and Venezuela.

After taking into account the impact of exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee against multiple currencies in the
markets in which we operate, the foregoing decrease in revenues of this segment was attributable to the following factors:

•   a decrease of approximately 10% resulting from the net impact of changes in sales prices of the products in
this segment; and

•   a decrease of approximately 3% resulting from a net decrease in the sales volumes of existing products in this
segment, which includes lower sales from Venezuela due to the voluntary reduction of our supply of products to this country as a risk mitigation approach; and

•   the foregoing was partially offset by an increase of approximately 3% resulting from the introduction of new
products during the intervening period.

North America (the United States and Canada):
Our Global
Generics segment’s revenues from North America (the United States and Canada) were Rs.63,601 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, a decrease of 16% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. In U.S. dollar absolute
currency terms (i.e., U.S. dollars without taking into account the effect of currency exchange rates), such revenues decreased by 18% for the year ended March 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016.

This revenue decrease was largely attributable to the following:

•   reduced sales (primarily due to significant price erosion) as a result of increased competition for our key
products, such as valganciclovir, decitabine and azacitidine;

•   a significant decline in our sale of products to McNeil Consumer Healthcare following the conclusion of some
of our existing supply arrangements with them;

•   price erosion in other existing products of this segment’s base business; and

•   the foregoing was partially offset by revenues from new products launched during the year ended March 31,
2017, such as nitroglycerin SLT (sublingual tablets), omeprazole sodium bicarbonate, and naproxen sodium IR (immediate-release).

During the year ended March 31, 2017, we made 26 new ANDA filings with the U.S. FDA. As of March 31, 2017 our
cumulative filings were 265, which includes 3 NDA filings under section 505(b)(2) and 262 ANDA filings. These 262 ANDA filings include 8 ANDAs that we acquired from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. As of March 31, 2017, we had 101 filings
pending approval with the U.S. FDA (99 ANDAs and 2 NDAs under 505(b)(2) route). Of the 99 ANDAs which are pending approval, 62 are Paragraph IV filings, and we believe that we are the first to file with respect to 21 of these filings. Further, these
99 ANDAs which are pending for approval include 7 ANDAs acquired from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, of which 6 are Paragraph IV filings.

India:
 Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from India were Rs.23,131 million, for the year ended
March 31, 2017, an increase of 9% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. This growth was largely attributable to revenues from new brands launched in India between April 1, 2016 and March 31, 2017, and an increase in sales
volumes of our existing products, which was partially offset by the decrease in sales prices of our existing products. According to IMS Health in its Moving Annual Total report for the year ended March 31, 2017, our secondary sales in India
grew by 4.5% during such period, as compared to the India pharmaceutical market’s growth of 9.1% during such period. During the year ended March 31, 2017, we launched 18 new brands in India.

Emerging Markets:
 Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from “Emerging Markets” (which is comprised of
Russia, other countries of the former Soviet Union, Romania and certain other countries from our “Rest of the World” markets, primarily South Africa and Australia, as well as Venezuela) were Rs.21,071 million for the year ended
March 31, 2017, a decrease of 11% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. As a result of the ongoing economic crisis in Venezuela, we

80

Table of Contents

have discontinued our base prescription drug supply business in that country. Adjusted for this, our Global Generics Segment’s revenues from our “Emerging Markets” for the year
ended March 31, 2017 increased by 7% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. This revenue increase was largely attributable to increased revenues from Russia, as described below.

Russia
: Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from Russia were Rs.11,547 million for the year ended
March 31, 2017, an increase of 9% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. In Russian rouble absolute currency terms (i.e., Russian roubles without taking into account the effect of currency exchange rates), such revenues increased by
8% for the year ended March 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. This revenue increase was largely attributable to increased sales volumes of our existing products. Our
over-the-counter
 (“OTC”) division’s revenues from Russia for the year ended March 31, 2017 were 40% of our total revenues from Russia.

According to IMS Health, as per its report for the year ended March 31, 2017, our sales value (in Russian roubles) growth
and volume growth from Russia for such period, as compared to the Russian pharmaceutical market sales value (in Russian roubles) growth and volume growth for such period, was as follows:

Year ended March 31, 2017
Dr. Reddy’s   Russian pharmaceutical market
Sales value   Volume   Sales value   Volume
Prescription (Rx)   3.07   %   2.38   %   2.61   %   (4.92   %)
Over-the-counter (OTC)   6.81   %   12.80   %   10.88   %   (1.02   %)
Total (Rx + OTC)   4.49   %   5.13   %   5.60   %   (3.92   %)

As per the above referenced IMS Health report, our volume-based market shares in Russia for
the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:

Year ended March 31,
2017   2016
Prescription (Rx)   4.30   %   4.50   %
Over-the-counter (OTC)   0.71   %   0.66   %
Total (Rx + OTC)   1.77   %   1.77   %

Other countries of the former Soviet Union and Romania:
 Our Global Generics
segment’s revenues from other countries of the former Soviet Union and Romania were Rs.3,692 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, an increase of 4% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. This increase was largely
attributable to the increased revenues from our existing products, as well as revenues from new products launched between April 1, 2016 and March 31, 2017, including omez injection, bortezomib, flucold, levolet and telmisartan.

“Rest of the World” Markets
: We refer to all markets of this segment other than North America (the United
States and Canada), Europe, Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union, Romania and India as our “Rest of the World” markets. Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from our “Rest of the World” markets were
Rs.5,833 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, a decrease of 38% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. As a result of the ongoing economic crisis in Venezuela, we have discontinued our base prescription drug supply
business in that country. Adjusted for this, revenues from our “Rest of the World” markets for the year ended March 31, 2017 increased by 6% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016.

Europe:
 Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from Europe are primarily derived from Germany, the United Kingdom
and our
out-licensing
 business across Europe, and were Rs.7,606 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, a decrease of 2% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. This decrease was
primarily due to the impact of depreciation of the British pound sterling, largely driven by the “Brexit” vote.

Pharmaceutical Services
and Active Ingredients (“PSAI”)

Our PSAI segment’s revenues were Rs.21,277 million for the
year ended March 31, 2017, a decrease of 5% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016. After taking into account the impact of exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee against multiple currencies in the markets in which we
operate, this decrease in revenues was largely attributable to:

81

Table of Contents

•   decreased sales of active pharmaceutical ingredients for the year ended March 31, 2017, primarily due to
decreased sales volumes of existing products, which decreased our PSAI segment’s revenues by approximately 8%; and

•   the foregoing was partially offset by increased customer orders for our pharmaceutical development services,
which increased our PSAI segment’s revenues by approximately 3%.

During the year ended
March 31, 2017, we filed 82 Drug Master Files (“DMFs”) worldwide. Cumulatively, our total worldwide DMFs as of March 31, 2017 were 754, including 202 DMFs in the United States.

Gross Profit

Our total
gross profit was Rs.78,356 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, representing 55.6% of our revenues for that period, as compared to Rs.92,281 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, representing 59.6% of our revenues for
that period.

The following table sets forth, for the period indicated, our gross profits by segment:

For the year ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
(Rs. in millions)
Gross Profit   Gross Profit (% of Segment Revenue)   Gross Profit   Gross Profit (% of Segment Revenue)   Gross Profit   Gross Profit (% of Segment Revenue)
Global Generics   Rs.   71,079   62   %   Rs.   84,427   66   %   Rs.   77,569   65   %
Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients   4,473   21   %   4,931   22   %   5,709   22   %
Proprietary Products   1,951   83   %   2,217   83   %   1,796   83   %
Others   853   49   %   706   44   %   329   28   %
Total   Rs.   78,356   56   %   Rs.   92,281   60   %   Rs.   85,403   58   %

After taking into account the impact of the exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee
against multiple currencies in the markets in which we operate, the gross profits from our Global Generics segment decreased to 61.6% for the year ended March 31, 2017, as compared to 65.9% for the year ended March 31, 2016. This decrease
was largely attributable to the impact of changes in our existing business mix (i.e., a decrease in the proportion of sales of higher gross margin products and an increase in the proportion of sales of lower gross margin products).

The gross profits from our PSAI segment decreased to 21.0% for the year ended March 31, 2017, from 22.0% for the year
ended March 31, 2016. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in sales of products with higher gross profit margins during the year ended March 31, 2017.

Selling, general and administrative expenses

Our selling, general and administrative expenses were Rs.46,372 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, an
increase of 1% as compared to Rs.45,702 million for the year ended March 31, 2016. After taking into account the impact of exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee against multiple currencies in the markets in which we operate, this
increase was largely attributable to the following:

82

Table of Contents

•   increased sales and marketing expenses, primarily on account of a provision of Rs.374 million as a
potential liability arising out of a litigation relating to cardiovascular and anti-diabetic formulations (refer to Note 44 of our consolidated financial statements for further details), as well as higher spending in India, Russia and Proprietary
products, all of which increased our selling, general and administrative expenses by approximately 4%; and

•   the foregoing was partially offset by decreased other costs, which decreased our selling, general and
administrative expenses by approximately 2%.

As a proportion of our total revenues, our selling,
general and administrative expenses increased to 32.9% for the year ended March 31, 2017 as compared to 29.5% for the year ended March 31, 2016.

Research and development expenses

Our research and development expenses were Rs.19,551 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, an increase of 10% as
compared to Rs.17,834 million for the year ended March 31, 2016. This increase was in accordance with our strategy to expand our research and development efforts in complex formulations, differentiated formulations and biosimilar
compounds. In addition, our research and development expenses for the year ended March 31, 2017 include costs incurred towards assets
in-licensed
 from Xenoport, Inc. and Eisai Co., Ltd. Our research and
development expenses increased to 13.9% of our total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2017, as compared to 11.5% of our total revenues for the year ended March 31, 2016.

Other (income)/expense, net

Our net other income was Rs.1,065 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, an increase of 22% as compared to net
other income of Rs.874 million for the year ended March 31, 2016.

Finance (expense)/income, net

Our net finance income was Rs.806 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, as compared to net finance expense of
Rs.2,708 million for the year ended March 31, 2016. The decrease in net finance expense was attributable to:

•   net foreign exchange loss of Rs.74 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, as compared to net
foreign exchange loss of Rs.4,133 million for the year ended March 31, 2016;

•   net interest expense of Rs.77 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, as compared to net interest
income of Rs.573 million for the year ended March 31, 2016; and

•   profit on sale of investments of Rs.957 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, as compared to
profit on sale of investments of Rs.852 million for the year ended March 31, 2016.

Profit before tax

As a result of the above, profit before taxes was Rs.14,653 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, a decrease of
46% as compared to Rs.27,140 million for the year ended March 31, 2016.

Tax expense

Our consolidated weighted average tax rates for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 were 18% and 26%, respectively.
Income tax expense was Rs.2,615 for the year ended March 31, 2017, as compared to income tax expense of Rs. 7,127 for the year ended March 31, 2016. Our effective tax rate for the year ended March 31, 2017 decreased by 8% as compared
to the year ended March 31, 2016, primarily due to the resolution of a certain tax matter resulting in a reversal of Rs.1,370 in income tax expense pertaining to earlier years.

Profit for the period

As
a result of the above, our net profit was Rs.12,039 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, representing 8.5% of our total revenues for such period, as compared to Rs.20,013 million for the year ended March 31, 2016,
representing 12.9% of our total revenues for such period.

83

Table of Contents

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2016 compared to Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2015

Revenues

Our overall
consolidated revenues were Rs.154,708 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, an increase of 4% as compared to Rs.148,189 million for the year ended March 31, 2015. Revenue growth for the year ended March 31, 2016 was
largely driven by our Global Generics segment’s operations in the United States, India and Europe markets.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our consolidated revenues by geography:

For the year ended March 31,
2016   2015   2014
Revenues   % of Total Revenue *   Revenues   % of Total Revenue *   Revenues   % of Total Revenue *
(Rs. in millions)
Global Generics   Rs.   128,062   83   %   Rs.   119,397   81   %   Rs.   104,483   79   %
North America (the United States and Canada)   75,445   59   %   63,564   53   %   54,622   52   %
Europe   7,732   6   %   6,481   5   %   6,110   6   %
India   21,293   17   %   17,870   15   %   15,713   15   %
Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union   14,176   11   %   18,425   16   %   20,679   20   %
Others   9,416   7   %   13,057   11   %   7,359   7   %
Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients   Rs.   22,379   14   %   Rs.   25,456   17   %   Rs.   23,974   18   %
North America (the United States and Canada)   3,052   14   %   4,605   18   %   3,820   16   %
Europe   9,313   42   %   10,507   41   %   9,058   38   %
India   2,618   12   %   3,288   13   %   3,787   16   %
Others   7,396   32   %   7,056   28   %   7,309   30   %
Proprietary Products and Others   Rs.   4,267   3   %   Rs.   3,336   2   %   Rs.   3,713   3   %
Total   Rs.   154,708   100   %   Rs.   148,189   100   %   Rs.   132,170   100   %

*
This represents the segment’s revenue from sales in the respective geography as a percentage of
the total segment’s revenue.

During the year ended March 31, 2016, the U.S. dollar appreciated by approximately
7% against the Indian rupee, while the Euro and the Russian rouble depreciated by approximately 7% and 27%, respectively, against the Indian rupee as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015. These changes in exchange rates increased our
reported revenues because of the increase in Indian rupee realization from sales in U.S. dollars, partially offset by the decrease in Indian rupee realization from sales in Euros and Russian roubles. However, our higher realization for the U.S.
dollar was offset by net losses realized on cash flow hedges undertaken by us to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with highly probable forecasted sales transactions.

Segment analysis

Global Generics

Revenues from our Global Generics segment were Rs.128,062 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, an increase of
7% as compared to Rs.119,397 million for the year ended March 31, 2015. The revenue growth was largely led by this segment’s operations in the United States, India and Europe.

After taking into account the impact of exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee against multiple currencies in the
markets in which we operate, the foregoing increase in revenues of this segment was attributable to the following factors:

•   an increase of approximately 4% resulting from the introduction of new products during the year ended
March 31, 2016;

•   a decrease of approximately 8% resulting from the net impact of decreases in sales prices of products; and

•   an increase of approximately 11% resulting from increased sales volumes of existing products (including the
annualized impact of products launched during the year ended March 31, 2015).

84

Table of Contents

The following is a discussion of the key markets in our Global Generics segment:

North America (the United States and Canada):
Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from North America (the
United States and Canada) were Rs.75,445 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, an increase of 19% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015. In U.S. dollar absolute currency terms (i.e., U.S. dollars without taking into
account the effect of currency exchange rates), such revenues increased by 12% for the year ended March 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015.

This revenue growth was largely attributable to the following:

•   revenues from new products launched during the year ended March 31, 2016, such as esomeprazole, memantine
and pramiprexole;

•   a gain in market share of certain of our existing products, such as valganciclovir, Habitrol ® , isotretinoin 30mg, metoprolol, decitabine injection, and sumatriptan injection; and

•   the foregoing was partially offset by lower realization from certain of our existing products due to price
decreases.

The following table sets forth products that we launched in the United States during the
year ended March 31, 2016:

Product   Innovator’s Brand   Innovator
Esomeprazole DR   Nexium ®   AstraZeneca
Pramipexole ER   Mirapex ®   Boehringer Ingelheim
Memantine   Namenda ®   Eli Lilly
Pravastatin   Pravachol ®   Bristol Myers Squibb

During the year ended March 31, 2016, we made 14 filings in the United States, including
13 ANDA filings and one NDA filing under section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (a “505(b)(2) NDA”). As of March 31, 2016 our cumulative filings in the United States were 236 including 233 ANDA filings and three
505(b)(2) NDA filings. As of March 31, 2016, we had 82 filings pending approval at the U.S. FDA including 79 ANDA filings and three 505(b)(2) NDA filings, of which 52 are Paragraph IV filings, and we believe we are the first to file with
respect to 18 of these filings.

India
: Our revenues from India for the year ended March 31, 2016 were
Rs.21,293 million, an increase of 19% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015. This growth was largely attributable to the increase in sales volumes across our key brands and revenues from new brands launched during the year ended
March 31, 2016. The products that we acquired from UCB accounted for approximately 7% of the revenue growth for our India business. According to IMS Health in its Moving Annual Total report for the year ended March 31, 2016, our secondary
sales in India grew by 12.2% during such period, as compared to the Indian pharmaceutical market’s growth of 14.4% during such period. During the year ended March 31, 2016, we launched 17 new brands in India.

Emerging Markets:
 Our revenues from our “Emerging Markets” (which is comprised of Russia, other countries of
the former Soviet Union, Romania, and certain other countries from our “Rest of the World” markets, primarily South Africa and Australia, as well as Venezuela) for the year ended March 31, 2016 were Rs.23,591 million, a decrease
of 25% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015. The reasons for this decrease are set forth below in the separate discussions of these geographies.

Russia:
Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from Russia were Rs.10,640 million for the year ended
March 31, 2016, a decrease of 29% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015. In Russian rouble absolute currency terms (i.e., Russian roubles without taking into account the effect of currency exchange rates), such revenues increased by
1% for the year ended March 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015. Our
over-the-counter
 (“OTC”) division’s revenues from Russia
for the year ended March 31, 2016 were 39% of our total revenues from Russia, and we intend to further strengthen our OTC sales by continuous branding initiatives.

According to IMS Health, as per its report for the year ended March 31, 2016, our sales value (in Russian roubles) growth
and volume growth from Russia, as compared to the Russian pharmaceutical market sales value (in Russian roubles) growth and volume growth for the year ended March 31, 2016 was as follows:

85

Table of Contents

Year ended March 31, 2016
Dr. Reddy’s   Russian pharmaceutical market
Sales value   Volume   Sales value   Volume
Prescription (Rx)   2.61   %   (4.92   %)   10.25   %   (1.07   %)
Over-the-counter (OTC)   10.88   %   (1.02   %)   6.73   %   (5.09   %)
Total (Rx + OTC)   5.60   %   (3.92   %)   8.36   %   (3.96   %)

As per the above referenced IMS Health report, our volume-based market shares in Russia for
the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:

Year ended March 31,
2016   2015
Prescription (Rx)   4.50   %   4.68   %
Over-the-counter (OTC)   0.66   %   0.63   %
Total (Rx + OTC)   1.77   %   1.77   %

Other countries of the former Soviet Union and Romania:
Our revenues from other
countries of the former Soviet Union and Romania for the year ended March 31, 2016 were Rs.3,536 million, an increase of 1% over the year ended March 31, 2015. This increase was largely on account of an increase in sales volumes in
Romania and Ukraine, partially offset by depreciation of the Ukrainian hryvnia against the Indian rupee. During the year ended March 31, 2016, the Ukrainian hryvnia depreciated by approximately 34% as compared to the year ended March 31,
2015.

Rest of the World Markets:
We refer to all markets of this segment other than North America, Europe, Russia
and other countries of the former Soviet Union, Romania and India as our “Rest of the World” markets. Our

revenues from our “Rest of the World” markets were Rs.9,416 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, a
decrease of 28% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015. The decrease was largely led by decreased revenues in Venezuela primarily due to reduction in the sales volume of our existing products. Our sales in Venezuela were
Rs.4,666 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, as compared to Rs.8,335 million for the year ended March 31, 2015. This reduction in sales was primarily attributable to the ongoing economic crisis in the country and,
correspondingly, our risk mitigation approach by way of moderating the supply of products to this country.

Europe:

Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from Europe were Rs.7,732 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, an increase of 19% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015. This growth was led by revenues from new products
launched during the year ended March 31, 2015.

Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (“PSAI”)

Our PSAI segment’s revenues for the year ended March 31, 2016 were Rs.22,379 million, a decrease of 12% as
compared to the year ended March 31, 2015. After taking into account the impact of the exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee against multiple currencies in the markets in which we operate, this decrease was largely attributable to:

•   decreased sales of active pharmaceutical ingredients for the year ended March 31, 2016, primarily
attributable to decreased sales volumes and sales prices of existing products, which decreased our PSAI segment’s revenues by approximately 13%; and

•   increased customer orders in our pharmaceutical development services for certain products provided to
innovator companies, which increased our PSAI segment’s revenues by approximately 1%.

During the
year ended March 31, 2016, we filed 50 Drug Master Files (“DMFs”) worldwide. Cumulatively, our total worldwide DMFs as of March 31, 2016 were 768, including 218 DMFs in the United States.

Gross Profit

Our total
gross profit was Rs.92,281 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, representing 59.6% of our total revenues for this period, as compared to Rs.85,403 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, representing 57.6% of our total
revenues for such period.

86

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our gross profit by
segment:

For the year ended March 31,
2016   2015   2014
(Rs. in millions)
Gross Profit   Gross Profit (% of Segment Revenue)   Gross Profit   Gross Profit (% of Segment Revenue)   Gross Profit   Gross Profit (% of Segment Revenue)
Global Generics   Rs.   84,427   66   %   Rs.   77,569   65   %   Rs.   68,544   66   %
Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients   4,931   22   %   5,709   22   %   4,848   20   %
Proprietary Products   2,217   83   %   1,796   83   %   2,210   90   %
Others   706   44   %   329   28   %   199   16   %
Total   Rs.   92,281   60   %   Rs.   85,403   58   %   Rs.   75,801   57   %

After taking into account the impact of the exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee
against multiple currencies in the markets in which we operate, the gross profits from our Global Generics segment increased to 65.9% for the year ended March 31, 2016 from 65.0% for the year ended March 31, 2015. This increase was largely
attributable to the impact of changes in our existing business mix (i.e., an increase in the proportion of sales of higher gross margin products and a decrease in the proportion of sales of lower gross margin products).

The gross profits from our PSAI segment decreased to 22.0% for the year ended March 31, 2016, from 22.4% for the year
ended March 31, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in sales of products with higher gross profit margins during the year ended March 31, 2016.

Selling, general and administrative expenses

Our selling, general and administrative expenses were Rs.45,702 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, an
increase of 7% as compared to Rs.42,585 million for the year ended March 31, 2015. After taking into account the impact of exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee against multiple currencies in the markets in which we operate, this
increase was largely attributable to the following:

•   increased costs due to the ongoing remediation activities related to the warning letter received from the U.S.
FDA for three of our manufacturing facilities in India, which increased our selling, general and administrative expenses by approximately 5%;

•   increased personnel costs, due to annual raises and new recruitments, which increased our selling, general and
administrative expenses by approximately 3%;

•   increased amortization, primarily due to our acquisition of the Habitrol ® brand in December 2014 and acquisition of a select portfolio of products business of UCB in June 2015, which increased our selling, general and administrative expenses by approximately 2%;

•   for the year ended March 31, 2016 we had recorded impairment losses of Rs.61 million, as compared to
impairment losses of Rs.509 million recorded for the year ended March 31, 2015, which resulted in an approximately 1% difference in selling, general and administrative expenses between the two periods; and

•   decreased sales and marketing costs, which decreased our selling, general and administrative expenses by
approximately 1%.

As a proportion of our total revenues, our selling, general and administrative
expenses increased to 29.5% for the year ended March 31, 2016 from 28.7% for the year ended March 31, 2015.

87

Table of Contents

Research and development expenses

Our research and development expenses were Rs.17,834 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, an increase of 2% as
compared to Rs.17,449 million for the year ended March 31, 2015. This increase was in accordance with our strategy to expand our research and development efforts in complex formulations, differentiated formulations and biosimilar
compounds. Approximately 65% of our research and development expenses for the year ended March 31, 2016 were incurred for the development of
bio-equivalent
 products, and the other 35% was dedicated to
innovative and
bio-pharmaceutical
 research.

Other (income)/expense, net

Our net other income was Rs.874 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, as compared to net other income of
Rs.917 million for the year ended March 31, 2015.

Finance (expense)/income, net

Our net finance expense was Rs.2,708 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, as compared to net finance income of
Rs.1,682 million for the year ended March 31, 2015. The increase in net finance expense was attributable to:

•   net foreign exchange gain of Rs.488 million (excluding the impact of our Venezuela operations described
below) for the year ended March 31, 2016, as compared to net foreign exchange gain of Rs.1,801 million for the year ended March 31, 2015;

•   foreign exchange losses related to our Venezuela operations of Rs.4,621 million for the year ended
March 31, 2016, as compared to such losses of Rs.843 million for the year ended March 31, 2015. Refer to Note 39 to our consolidated financial statements for further details;

•   net interest income of Rs.573 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, as compared to net interest
expense of Rs.31 million for the year ended March 31, 2015; and

•   profit on sale of investments of Rs.852 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, as compared to
profit on sale of investments of Rs.755 million for the year ended March 31, 2015.

Profit before tax

As a result of the above, profit before taxes was Rs.27,140 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, a decrease of
4% as compared to Rs.28,163 million for the year ended March 31, 2015.

Tax expense

Our consolidated weighted average tax rate for the year ended March 31, 2016 was 26%, as compared to 21% for the year
ended March 31, 2015. Income tax expense was Rs.7,127 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, as compared to income tax expense of Rs.5,984 million for the year ended March 31, 2015.

The increase in our effective tax rate for the year ended March 31, 2016 was primarily attributable to the following:

•   non-deductible losses related to our Venezuela operations, which
resulted in an increase in our effective tax rate by approximately 3.8% (refer to Note 39 of our consolidated financial statements for further details);

•   deferred tax expense on undistributed earnings of a subsidiary outside India, which resulted in an increase in
our effective tax rate by approximately 1.9%;

•   an increase in the effective tax rate by approximately 1.8% due to non-recognition of certain deferred tax assets, as we believe that availability of taxable profits against which the temporary differences can be utilized is not probable;

•   recognition of a previously unrecognized deferred tax asset pertaining to a jurisdiction outside of India,
which resulted in a decrease in our effective tax rate by approximately 1.1%; and

88

Table of Contents

•   an increase in weighted deduction on eligible research and development expenditure in India, during the year
ended March 31, 2016, as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015, has resulted in a decrease in the effective tax rate by 1.8%. The rate of weighted deduction on our eligible research and development expenditure was equal to 200% for the
years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Profit for the period

As a result of the above, our net result was a net profit of Rs.20,013 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, as
compared to a net profit of Rs.22,179 million for the year ended March 31, 2015.

89

Table of Contents

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2015 compared to Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2014

Revenues

Our overall
consolidated revenues were Rs.148,189 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, an increase of 12% as compared to Rs.132,170 million for the year ended March 31, 2014. Revenue growth for the year ended March 31, 2015 was
largely driven by our Global Generics segment’s operations in the United States, India and our “Rest of the World” markets (i.e., all markets other than North America, Europe, Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union, and
India), primarily Venezuela.

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our consolidated revenues by
geography:

For the year ended March 31,
2015   2014   2013
Revenues   % of Total Revenue *   Revenues   % of Total Revenue *   Revenues   % of Total Revenue *
(Rs. in millions)
Global Generics   Rs.   119,397   81   %   Rs.   104,483   79   %   Rs.   82,516   71   %
North America (the United States and Canada)   63,564   53   %   54,622   52   %   37,799   46   %
Europe   6,481   5   %   6,110   6   %   7,011   8   %
India   17,870   15   %   15,713   15   %   14,560   18   %
Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union   18,425   16   %   20,679   20   %   17,613   21   %
Others   13,057   11   %   7,359   7   %   5,533   7   %
Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients   Rs.   25,456   17   %   Rs.   23,974   18   %   Rs.   30,702   26   %
North America (the United States and Canada)   4,605   18   %   3,820   16   %   5,744   19   %
Europe   10,507   41   %   9,058   38   %   12,007   39   %
India   3,288   13   %   3,787   16   %   4,638   15   %
Others   7,056   28   %   7,309   30   %   8,313   27   %
Proprietary Products and Others   Rs.   3,336   2   %   Rs.   3,713   3   %   Rs.   3,048   3   %
Total   Rs.   148,189   100   %   Rs.   132,170   100   %   Rs.   116,266   100   %

*
This represents the segment’s revenue from sales in the respective geography as a percentage of
the total segment’s revenue.

During the year ended March 31, 2015, the Indian rupee depreciated by
approximately 1.1% against the U.S. dollar, while the Euro and the Russian rouble depreciated by approximately 4.5% and 22.3%, respectively, against the Indian rupee as compared to the year ended March 31, 2014. These changes in exchange rates
reduced our reported revenues because of the decrease in Indian rupee realization from sales in Euros and Russian roubles. However, our lower realization for the Russian rouble was partially offset by net gains realized on cash flow hedges
undertaken by us to hedge the foreign currency risk associated with highly probable forecasted sales transactions. Accordingly, on a net basis, our realizations of Russian rouble denominated revenues reported in Indian rupees were lower by 19% for
the year ended March 31, 2015, as compared to our revenues for the year ended March 31, 2014 adjusted for gains on such cash flow hedges, on account of the depreciation of the Russian rouble.

Segment analysis

Global Generics

Revenues from our Global Generics segment were Rs.119,397 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, an increase of
14% as compared to Rs.104,483 million for the year ended March 31, 2014. The revenue growth was largely led by this segment’s operations in the United States, India and Venezuela.

90

Table of Contents

After taking into account the impact of exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian
rupee against multiple currencies in the markets in which we operate, the foregoing increase in revenues of this segment was attributable to the following factors:

•   an increase of approximately 7% resulting from the introduction of new products during the year ended
March 31, 2015;

•   a decrease of approximately 13% resulting from the net impact of decreases in sales prices of products; and

•   an increase of approximately 20% resulting from increased sales volumes of existing products (including the
annualized impact of products launched during the year ended March 31, 2014).

The following is a discussion of the
key markets in our Global Generics segment:

North America (the United States and Canada):
Our Global Generics
segment’s revenues from North America (the United States and Canada) were Rs.63,564 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, an increase of 16% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2014. In U.S. dollar absolute currency
terms (i.e., U.S. dollars without taking into account the effect of currency exchange rates), such revenues increased by 15% for the year ended March 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2014.

This revenue growth was largely attributable to the following:

•   revenues from new products launched during the year ended March 31, 2015, such as valganciclovir,
sirolimus and Habitrol ® ;

•   a gain in market share of certain of our existing products, such as divalproex sodium ER, azacitidine,
decitabine, and ziprasidone; and

•   the foregoing was partially offset by lower realization from certain of our existing products due to price
decreases.

The following table sets forth products that we launched in the United States during the
year ended March 31, 2015:

Product   Innovator’s Brand   Innovator
Eszopiclone   Lunesta ®   Seprocor
fenofibrate capsules   Antara ®   Ethypharm
Paricalcitol   Zemplar ®   Abbott
duloxetine delayed release capsules   Cymbalta ®   Eli Lilly
levalbuterol hydrochloride   Xopenex ®   Sunovion Pharmaceuticals
Sirolimus   Rapamune ®   Pfizer
Docetaxel   Taxotere ®   Sanofi
fexofenadine pseudophedrine HCL OTC   Allegra D12 ®   Sanofi
Fluconazole   Diflucan ®   Pfizer
Valganciclovir   Valcyte ®   Roche
isotretinoin 30 mg   Zenatane ®   Roche

Furthermore, during the year ended March 31, 2015, we acquired from Novartis Consumer
Health Inc. the title and rights to its Habitrol
®
 brand (an
over-the-counter
 nicotine replacement therapy
transdermal patch) and related U.S. marketing rights, and we began marketing the product in the United States.

During the
year ended March 31, 2015, we made 13 new ANDA filings, and as of March 31, 2015 our cumulative ANDA filings were 220. As of March 31, 2015, we had 68 ANDAs pending approval at the U.S. FDA, of which 43 are Paragraph IV filings, and
we believe we are the first to file with respect to 13 of these filings.

India
: Our revenues from India for the
year ended March 31, 2015 were Rs.17,870 million, an increase of 14% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2014. This growth was largely attributable to the increase in sales volumes across our key brands and revenues from new
brands launched during the year ended March 31, 2015. According to IMS Health in its Moving Annual Total report for the year ended March 31, 2015, our secondary sales in India grew by 13.1% during such period, as compared to the India
pharmaceutical market’s growth of 12.1% during such period. During the year ended March 31, 2015, we launched 18 new brands in India such as
DOXT-SL™,
 Melgain
®
, Xalibo™, and Resof™ (sofosbuvir).

91

Table of Contents

Furthermore, in April 2015, we entered into a definitive agreement with UCB India
Private Limited and other UCB group companies (together referred to as “UCB”) to acquire a select portfolio of established products business in the territories of India, Nepal, Sri Lanka and Maldives for a total purchase consideration of
Rs.8,000 million. The purchased business was acquired on a slump sale basis (an Indian tax law concept which refers to the transfer of a business as a going concern without values being assigned to individual assets and liabilities). The
transaction includes approximately 350 employees engaged in the operations of the acquired India business. The acquisition is expected to strengthen our presence in the areas of dermatology, respiratory and pediatric products. The acquired business
had revenues of approximately Rs.1,500 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The transaction was closed on June 16, 2015 and we began marketing of these products.

Emerging Markets
: Our revenues from our “Emerging Markets” (which is comprised of Russia, other countries of
the former Soviet Union, and certain other countries from our “Rest of the World” markets, primarily South Africa and Australia, as well as Venezuela) for the year ended March 31, 2015 were Rs.31,482 million, an increase of 12%
as compared to the year ended March 31, 2014. The reasons for this growth are set forth below in the separate discussions of these geographies.

Russia:
Our Global Generics segment’s revenues from Russia were Rs.14,922 million for the year ended
March 31, 2015, a decrease of 9% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2014. In Russian rouble absolute currency terms (i.e., Russian roubles without taking into account the effect of currency exchange rates), such revenues increased by
13% for the year ended March 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2014. According to IMS Health, as per its moving annual total report for the 12 months ended March 31, 2014, our sales value growth and volume decline for
the year ended March 31, 2015 were 10.1% and 2.7%, respectively, as compared to the Russian pharmaceutical market value growth and volume decline of 12.3% and 1.3%, respectively. During the same period, our volume market share decreased from
1.80% to 1.77%, according to IMS Health. Our
over-the-counter
 (“OTC”) division’s revenues from Russia for the year ended March 31, 2015 were 36% of
our total revenues from Russia, and we intend to further strengthen our OTC sales by continuous branding initiatives. As per IMS Health’s moving annual total report for the 12 months ended March 31, 2015, our OTC sales value and volume
growths in Russia for the year ended March 31, 2015 were 16.9% and 7.3%, respectively, as compared to the Russian OTC pharmaceutical market value growth and volume decrease of 12.3% and 1.8%, respectively.

Other countries of the former Soviet Union and Romania:
Our revenues from other countries of the former Soviet Union
for the year ended March 31, 2015 were Rs.3,504 million, a decrease of 19% over the year ended March 31, 2014. This decline was largely on account of a decrease in sales volumes in Ukraine, primarily on account of the
geo-political
 situation in Ukraine coupled with depreciation of the Ukrainian hryvnia against the Indian rupee. During the year ended March 31, 2015, the Ukrainian hryvnia depreciated by approximately 41% as
compared to the year ended March 31, 2014.

Rest of the World Markets:
We refer to all markets of this segment
other than North America, Europe, Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union and India as our “Rest of the World” markets. Our

revenues from our “Rest of the World” markets were Rs.13,056 million for the
year ended March 31, 2015, an increase of 77% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2014. The growth was largely led by increased revenues in Venezuela attributable to new marketing initiatives for prescription products. Our sales in
Venezuela were Rs.8,335 million for the year ended March 31, 2015.

Europe:
 Our Global Generics
segment’s revenues from Europe were Rs.6,481 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, an increase of 6% as compared to the year ended March 31, 2014. This growth was led by revenues from new products launched during the year
ended March 31, 2015.

Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (“PSAI”)

Our PSAI segment’s revenues for the year ended March 31, 2015 were Rs.25,456 million, an increase of 6% as
compared to the year ended March 31, 2014. After taking into account the impact of the exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee against multiple currencies in the markets in which we operate, this increase was largely attributable to:

•   increased sales of active pharmaceutical ingredients for the year ended March 31, 2015, primarily
attributable to certain key products such as capecitabine and epoxide, partially offset by the net impact of changes in sales prices of existing products, all of which increased our PSAI segment’s revenues by approximately 5%; and

•   increased customer orders in our pharmaceutical development services for certain products provided to
innovator companies, which increased our PSAI segment’s revenues by approximately 1%.

During the year ended
March 31, 2015, we filed 77 Drug Master Files (“DMFs”) worldwide. Cumulatively, our total worldwide DMFs as of March 31, 2015 were 735, including 219 DMFs in the United States.

92

Table of Contents

Gross Profit

Our total gross profit was Rs.85,403 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, representing 57.6% of our total
revenues for this period, as compared to Rs.75,801 million for the year ended March 31, 2014, representing 57.4% of our total revenues for such period.

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our gross profit by segment:

For the year ended March 31,
2015   2014   2013
(Rs. in millions)
Gross Profit   Gross Profit (% of Segment Revenue)   Gross Profit   Gross Profit (% of Segment Revenue)   Gross Profit   Gross Profit (% of Segment Revenue)
Global Generics   Rs.77,569   65   %   Rs.68,544   66   %   Rs.48,687   59   %
Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients   5,709   22   %   4,848   20   %   9,970   32   %
Proprietary Products   1,796   83   %   2,210   90   %   1,358   90   %
Others   329   28   %   199   16   %   564   37   %
Total   Rs.85,403   58   %   Rs.75,801   57   %   Rs.60,579   52   %

After taking into account the impact of the exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee
against multiple currencies in the markets in which we operate, the gross profits from our Global Generics segment decreased to 65.0% for the year ended March 31, 2015 from 65.6% for the year ended March 31, 2014. This decrease was largely
attributable to the impact of changes in our existing business mix (i.e., a decrease in the proportion of sales of higher gross margin products and an increase in the proportion of sales of lower gross margin products).

The gross profits from our PSAI segment increased to 22.4% for the year ended March 31, 2015, from 20.2% for the year
ended March 31, 2014. This increase was primarily due to an increase in sales of products with higher gross profit margins during the year ended March 31, 2015.

Selling, general and administrative expenses

Our selling, general and administrative expenses were Rs.42,585 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, an
increase of 10% as compared to Rs.38,783 million for the year ended March 31, 2014. After taking into account the impact of exchange rate fluctuations of the Indian rupee against multiple currencies in the markets in which we operate, this
increase was largely attributable to the following:

•   increased personnel costs, due to annual raises and new recruitments, which increased our selling, general and
administrative expenses by approximately 4%;

•   for the year ended March 31, 2015 we had recorded impairment losses of Rs.509 million, as compared
to a reversal of impairment losses of Rs.497 million recorded for the year ended March 31, 2014, which resulted in an approximately 3% difference in selling, general and administrative expenses between the two periods; and

•   increased sales and marketing costs, which increased our selling, general and administrative expenses by
approximately 1%.

As a proportion of our total revenues, our selling, general and administrative
expenses decreased to 28.7% for the year ended March 31, 2015 from 29.3% for the year ended March 31, 2014.

Research and development
expenses

Our research and development expenses were Rs.17,449 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, an
increase of 41% as compared to Rs.12,402 million for the year ended March 31, 2014. This increase was in accordance with our strategy to expand our research and development efforts in complex formulations, differentiated formulations and
biosimilar compounds. Approximately 60% of our research and development expenses for the year ended March 31, 2015 were spent towards the development of
bio-equivalent
 products and the other 40% was
dedicated to innovative and
bio-pharmaceutical
 research.

Furthermore, consequent to our decision
to discontinue the further development of certain
‘In-Process
 Research and Development’ assets pertaining to our Proprietary Products segment, we recorded Rs.95 million as impairment loss for
the year ended March 31, 2015 under research and development expenses.

93

Table of Contents

Other (income)/expense, net

Our net other income was Rs.917 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, as compared to net other income of
Rs.1,416 million for the year ended March 31, 2014. Our net other income for the year ended March 31, 2014 included Rs.415 million from the resolution of litigation associated with the sale of one of our generic products in North
America.

Finance (expense)/income, net

Our net finance income was Rs.1,682 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, as compared to net finance income of
Rs.400 million for the year ended March 31, 2014. The increase in net finance income was attributable to:

•   net foreign exchange gain of Rs.1,801 million (excluding the impact of Venezuela currency exchange loss
described below) for the year ended March 31, 2015, as compared to net foreign exchange gain of Rs.372 million for the year ended March 31, 2014;

•   foreign exchange loss of Rs.843 million for the year ended March 31, 2015 on translation of certain
monetary assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary. Refer to Note 39 to our consolidated financial statements for further details;

•   net interest expense of Rs.31 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, as compared to net interest
expense of Rs.189 million for the year ended March 31, 2014; and

•   profit on sale of investments of Rs.755 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, as compared to
profit on sale of investments of Rs.213 million for the year ended March 31, 2014.

Profit before tax

As a result of the above, profit before income taxes was Rs.28,163 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, an
increase of 6% as compared to Rs.26,606 million for the year ended March 31, 2014.

Tax expense

Our consolidated weighted average tax rate for the year ended March 31, 2015 was 21.2%, as compared to 19.1% for the year
ended March 31, 2014. Income tax expense was Rs.5,984 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, as compared to income tax expense of Rs.5,094 million for the year ended March 31, 2014. The effective tax rate for the period
ended March 31, 2014 was lower primarily as a result of a favorable order from the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, Hyderabad, India on a previously litigated tax matter relating to the deductibility of share-based payment expenses.

Profit for the period

As
a result of the above, our net result was a net profit of Rs.22,179 million for the year ended March 31, 2015, as compared to a net profit of Rs.21,512 million for the year ended March 31, 2014.

94

Table of Contents

5.B.
Liquidity and capital resources

Liquidity

We have
primarily financed our operations through cash flows generated from operations and a mix of long-term and short-term borrowings. Our principal liquidity and capital needs are for making investments, the purchase of property, plant and equipment,
regular business operations and research and development.

Our principal sources of short-term liquidity are internally
generated funds and short-term borrowings, which we believe are sufficient to meet our working capital requirements. Through our subsidiary in Switzerland, we borrowed U.S.$220 million during the year ended March 31, 2012, which was
required to be repaid in eight quarterly installments beginning in December 2014. During the year ended March 31, 2016, we repaid the entire outstanding loan amount (including a prepayment of U.S.$110 million), and our subsidiary in Switzerland
further incurred U.S.$82.5 million of new short-term borrowings, which was repaid by June 2016. We also borrowed U.S.$150 million during the year ended March 31, 2014, which was to be repaid in five quarterly installments beginning
February 2018. During the three months ended December 31, 2016, we entered into a financing arrangement with certain financial institutions to refinance this borrowing of U.S.$150 million. As per the repayment schedule applicable to the
refinanced borrowing, we repaid U.S.$75 million on November 28, 2016 (refer to Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for further details). These loans were incurred primarily to repay some of our then existing short term
borrowings and to meet anticipated capital expenditures over the near term.

During the three months ended
September 30, 2016, our subsidiary in Switzerland borrowed an additional U.S.$350 million of short-term borrowings from certain institutional lenders (refer to Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for further details). These
loans were borrowed for the purpose of funding the acquisition of eight Abbreviated New Drug Applications (“ANDAs”) from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited in the United States (refer to Note 42 of our consolidated financial statements
for additional details). The following table summarizes our statements of cash flows for the periods presented:

For the year ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
(Rs. in millions)
Net cash provided by/(used in):
Operating activities   Rs.   21,513   Rs.   41,247   Rs.   25,033
Investing activities   (18,471   )   (20,423   )   (22,904   )
Financing activities   (3,692   )   (17,001   )   (4,118   )
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   (650   )   3,823   (1,989   )
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash   (492   )   (4,296   )   (1,068   )

In addition to cash, inventory and our balance of accounts receivable, our unused sources of
liquidity included Rs.21,156 million in available credit under revolving credit facilities with banks as of March 31, 2017. We had no other material unused sources of liquidity as of March 31, 2017.

Cash Flow from Operating Activities

The net result of our operating activities was a net cash inflow of Rs.21,513 million for the year ended March 31,
2017, as compared to a net cash inflow of Rs.41,247 million for the year ended March 31, 2016. Accordingly, our net cash inflow decreased by Rs.19,734 million during the year ended March 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended
March 31, 2016, primarily due to increases in working capital requirements and decreases in our earnings as described below.

Increases in working capital accounted for net cash outflows of Rs.5,350 million and Rs.188 million during the years
ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

This increase in working capital requirements during the year ended March 31, 2017, as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016,
resulted in a significant decrease in our net cash provided by operating activities. The increase in working capital requirements during the year ended March 31, 2017 primarily resulted from an increase in our inventories by
Rs.6,325 million. This decrease was primarily due to lower sales of some of our key products on account of increased competition during the year ended March 31, 2017.

For the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, our profit for the year before interest expense/income, profit/loss on sale
of investments, tax expense, impairment loss, depreciation and amortization was Rs.25,495 million and Rs.36,253 million, respectively.

95

Table of Contents

The net result of our operating activities was a cash inflow of
Rs.41,247 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, as compared to a cash inflow of Rs.25,033 million for the year ended March 31, 2015. Accordingly, the net cash provided by our operating activities increased by
Rs.16,214 million for the year ended March 31, 2016, as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015, primarily due to decreases in working capital requirements as described below.

Increases in working capital accounted for net cash outflows of Rs.188 million and Rs.15,040 million during the
years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

This lower increase in working capital requirements during the year ended March 31, 2016, as compared to the year ended March 31,
2015, resulted in a significant increase in our net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended March 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015.The increase in working capital requirements during the year ended
March 31, 2015 primarily resulted from an increase in our trade receivables by Rs.10,905 million and an increase in our inventories by Rs.5,447 million. The increase in our trade receivables was primarily due to an increase in the
proportion of sales made to customers with longer credit periods in the United States. The increase in our inventories was primarily to support the increased sales of our existing products as well as launches of new products.

Our days’ sales outstanding (“DSO”) as at March 31, 2017, March 31, 2016 and March 31, 2015,
computed based on the sales for the three months then ended, were 96 days, 99 days and 95 days, respectively. The decrease in our DSO was primarily due to improved collections from customers in the United States.

Cash Flow from Investing Activities

Our investing activities resulted in a net cash outflow of Rs.18,471 million and Rs.20,423 million for the years
ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. This decrease in net cash outflow of Rs.1,952 million was primarily due to:

•   an increase in net cash inflow by Rs.20,923 million for the year ended March 31, 2017, as compared
to the year ended March 31, 2016, in the proceeds from redemption of investments in mutual funds and fixed deposits having an original maturity of more than three months;

•   the foregoing was partially offset by a net increase in amounts spent on property, plant and equipment by
Rs.301 million during the year ended March 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016; and

•   in addition, the foregoing was also partially offset by a net increase of Rs.18,579 in the net cash outflow
attributable to key acquisitions in the year ended March 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2016:

•   Rs.7,936 million was paid to UCB India Private Limited and other UCB group companies (“UCB”)
for the acquisition of a select portfolio of established products business during the year ended March 31, 2016 (refer to Note 6 of our consolidated financial statements for further details);

•   Rs.1,158 million was paid to Alchemia Limited for the purchase of worldwide, exclusive intellectual
property rights to fondaparinux sodium during the year ended March 31, 2016 (refer to Note 36 of our consolidated financial statements for further details);

•   Rs.23,366 million was paid to Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited for the acquisition of eight
Abbreviated New Drug Applications (“ANDAs”) during the year ended March 31, 2017 (refer to Note 42 of our consolidated financial statements for further details);

•   Rs.3,159 million was paid to XenoPort, Inc. for the acquisition of exclusive U.S. rights for the
development and commercialization of a clinical stage oral new chemical entity which forms a part of our Proprietary Products segment, during the year ended March 31, 2017 (refer to Note 40 of our consolidated financial statements for further
details);

•   Rs.1,148 million paid to Ducere Pharma LLC for the purchase of six OTC brands which forms a part of our
Global Generics segment, during the year ended March 31, 2017 (refer to Note 41 of our consolidated financial statements for further details);

Our investing activities resulted in a net cash outflow of Rs.20,423 million and Rs.22,904 million for the years
ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This decrease in net cash outflow of Rs.2,481 million was primarily due to:

•   there was a net increase of Rs.3,997 million in the net cash outflow attributable to key acquisitions in the
year ended March 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015:

•   Rs.7,936 million was paid to UCB for the acquisition of a select portfolio of products business during
the year ended March 31, 2016 (refer to Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for further details);

96

Table of Contents

•   Rs.1,158 million was paid to Alchemia Limited for the purchase of worldwide, exclusive intellectual
property rights to fondaparinux sodium during the year ended March 31, 2016 (refer to Note 38 to our consolidated financial statements for further details);

•   Rs.5,097 million was paid for the acquisition from Novartis Consumer Health Inc. of the title and rights
to its Habitrol ® brand (an over-the-counter nicotine replacement therapy transdermal patch) and related U.S.
marketing rights during the year ended March 31, 2015 (refer to Note 39 to our consolidated financial statements for further details);

•   our net investments in mutual funds and time deposits having an original maturity of more than three months
decreased by Rs.9,311 million for the year ended March 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015; and

•   a net increase in amounts spent on property, plant and equipment by Rs.2,678 million during the year
ended March 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended March 31, 2015.

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Our financing activities resulted in a net cash outflow of Rs.3,692 million and Rs.17,001 million for the
years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

During the year ended March 31, 2017, we bought back
and extinguished 5,077,504 equity shares for an aggregate purchase price of Rs.15,694 million (refer to Note 16 of our consolidated financial statements for further details). In addition, we repaid long term borrowings of Rs.5,220 million,
which primarily consisted of the partial repayment of a U.S.$150 million loan by our parent company (refer to Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for further details). Furthermore, we incurred net short-term borrowings of
Rs.21,536 million during the year ended March 31, 2017, including borrowings of Rs.23,366 million (U.S.$350 million) by our Swiss subsidiary for the purpose of acquiring eight ANDAs from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited and an
affiliate of Allergan plc (refer to note 42 of our consolidated financial statements for further details). Furthermore, we also paid dividends (including dividend distribution taxes) of Rs.3,390 million.

During the year ended March 31, 2016, we repaid long term borrowings of Rs.11,706 million, which primarily consisted
of the repayment of all long term borrowings by our subsidiaries in Switzerland and the United Kingdom (refer to Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for further details). Furthermore, we also paid dividends (including dividend
distribution taxes) of Rs.4,106 million and repaid short term loans of Rs.273 million during the year ended March 31, 2016.

Our financing activities resulted in a net cash outflow of Rs.17,001 million and Rs.4,118 million for the years
ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

During the year ended March 31, 2015, we had a cash inflow on
account of net short term borrowing proceeds of Rs.4,068 million. Furthermore, during that year we repaid two installments amounting to Rs.3,452 million (U.S.$55 million) due under a loan agreement by our Swiss subsidiary, and we paid
dividends (including corporate dividend tax) of Rs.3,587 million.

Principal obligations

The following table summarizes our principal debt obligations (excluding capital lease obligations) outstanding as of
March 31, 2017:

97

Table of Contents

Payments due by period
Principal debt obligations   Total   Less than 1 year   1-5 years   More than 5 years
(Rs. in millions)
Short-term borrowings from banks   Rs.   43,539   Rs.   43,539   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Long term debt in foreign currency   4,852   —   4,852   —
Total obligations   Rs.   48,391   Rs.   43,539   Rs.   4,852   Rs.   —

Annual rate of interest

Short term borrowings

As at March 31, 2017
Outstanding balance   Currency   Interest rate   Average amount outstanding   Maximum amount outstanding
(All amounts in Rs. millions)
Packing credit borrowings   Rs.   18,699   USD   LIBOR + (30) to 1 bps   Rs.   20,725   Rs.   24,462
USD   0.01   %
INR   T-Bill + 30 b   ps
INR   6.92% to 6.95%
RUB   9.95   %
Other foreign currency borrowings   24,840   USD   LIBOR + 40 to   60 bps   18,842   29,043
RUB   10.48   %

As at March 31, 2016
Outstanding balance   Currency   Interest rate   Average amount outstanding   Maximum amount outstanding
(All amounts in Rs. millions)
Packing credit borrowings   Rs.   20,896   USD   LIBOR + (5) to 15 bps   Rs.   20,477   Rs.   22,459
EURO   LIBOR + 5 to 7.5 bps
RUB   10.65% to 11.57%
Other foreign currency borrowings   1,822   USD   LIBOR + 40 bps   3,552   5,364
Other rupee borrowings   —   INR   10   %   813   1,000

The maturities of our short-term borrowings from banks vary from one month to twelve months.
Our objective in determining the borrowing maturity is to ensure a balance between flexibility, cost and the continuing availability of funds.

Long
term borrowings

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Currency   Interest Rate   Currency   Interest Rate
Foreign currency borrowings   USD   LIBOR + 82.7 bps   USD   LIBOR + 125 bps

Subject to obtaining certain regulatory approvals, there are no legal or economic restrictions
on the transfer of funds between us and our subsidiaries or for the transfer of funds in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. However, transfers of funds from Venezuela are subject to certain exchange control regulations. Refer to Note 39
of our consolidated financial statements for further details.

Cash and cash equivalents are primarily held in Indian
rupees, U.S. dollars, U.K. pounds sterling, Euros, Russian roubles, Venezuela bolivars and Swiss francs.

98

Table of Contents

As of March 31, 2017 and 2016, we had committed to spend
Rs.5,256 million and Rs.5,065 million, respectively, under agreements to purchase property, plant and equipment. This amount is net of capital advances paid in respect of such purchases. These commitments will be funded through the cash
flows generated from operations as well as cash flows from our long term borrowings.

5.C. Research and development, patents and licenses, etc.

Research and Development

Our research and development activities can be classified into several categories, which run parallel to the activities in our
principal areas of operations:

•   Global Generics , where our research and development activities are directed at the development
of product formulations, process validation, bioequivalence testing and other data needed to prepare a growing list of drugs that are equivalent to numerous brand name products for sale in the highly regulated markets of the United States and Europe
as well as emerging markets. Global Generics also includes our biologics business, where research and development activities are directed at the development of biologics products for the emerging as well as highly regulated markets. Our new
biologics research and development facility caters to the highest development standards, including cGMP, Good Laboratory Practices and bio-safety level IIA.

•   Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients , where our research and development activities
concentrate on development of chemical processes for the synthesis of active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates (“API”) for use in our Global Generics segment and for sales in the emerging and developed markets to third parties.
Our research and development activities also support our custom pharmaceutical line of business, where we continue to leverage the strength of our process chemistry and finished dosage development expertise to target innovator as well as emerging
pharmaceutical companies. The research and development is directed toward providing services to support the entire pharmaceutical value chain, from discovery all the way to the market.

•   Proprietary Products , where we focus on the research, development, and manufacture of
differentiated formulations. These novel products fall within the dermatology and neurology therapeutic areas.

In the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we expended Rs.19,551 million, Rs.17,834 million and
Rs.17,449 million, respectively, on research and development activities. The increase in research and development expenditure was in line with our strategy to expand our research and development efforts in complex formulations, differentiated
formulations and
bio-similar
 compounds.

Patents, Trademarks and Licenses

We have filed and been issued numerous patents in our principal areas of operations: Global Generics, Pharmaceutical Services and Active
Ingredients and Proprietary Products. We expect to continue to file patent applications seeking to protect our innovations and novel processes in several countries, including the United States. Any existing or future patents issued to or licensed by
us may not provide us with any competitive advantages for our products or may even be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by our competitors. In addition, such patent rights may not prevent our competitors from developing, using or
commercializing products that are similar or functionally equivalent to our products. As of March 31, 2017, we have approximately 1,634 trademarks filed with the Registrar of Trademarks in India which are either registered or are pending
registration. We have also filed registration applications for
non-U.S.
 trademarks in other countries in which we do business. We market several products under licenses in several countries where we operate.

5.D. Trend Information

Please see “Item 5: Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” and “Item 4. Information on the Company”
for trend information.

5.E.
Off-balance
 sheet arrangements

None.

99

Table of Contents

5.F. Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations

The following summarizes our contractual obligations as of March 31, 2017 and the effect such obligations are expected to
have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods.

Payments due by period ( Rs. in millions)
Contractual Obligations   Total   Less than 1 year   1-3 years   3-5 years   More than 5 years
Operating lease obligations   Rs.   1,711   Rs.   384   Rs.   611   Rs.   350   Rs.   366
Capital lease obligations   707   110   107   110   380
Purchase obligations
Agreements to purchase property, plant and equipment and other capital commitments (1 )   5,256   5,256   —   —   —
Short term debt obligations   43,539   43,539   —   —   —
Long term debt obligations   4,852   —   1,610   3,242   —
Estimated interest payable on long-term debt (2)   255   89   149   17   —
Post-retirement benefits obligations (3)   2,255   241   455   430   1,129
Total contractual obligations   Rs.   58,575   Rs.   49,619   Rs.   2,932   Rs.   4,149   Rs.   1,875

(1)   These amounts are net of capital advances paid in respect of such purchases and are expected to be funded from
internally generated funds and proceeds from long term borrowings.

(2)   Disclosure of estimated interest payments for future periods is only with respect to our long term debt
obligations, as the projected interest payments with respect to our short term borrowings and other obligations cannot be reasonably estimated because they are subject to fluctuation in actual utilization of borrowings depending on our daily funding
requirements. The estimated interest costs are based on March 31, 2017 applicable benchmark rates and are subject to fluctuation in the future.

(3)   Post-retirement benefits obligations in the “More than 5 years” column are estimated for a maximum
of 10 years.

5.G.
Safe harbor

See page 3 under heading “Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statement”.

100

Table of Contents

ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES

6. A.
Directors and senior management

The list of our directors and executive officers and their respective age and position as of March 31, 2017 was as
follows:

Directors
Name (1)   Age (in yrs.)   Position
Mr. K. Satish Reddy (2)(3)   50   Chairman
Mr. G.V. Prasad (2)(4)   57   Co-Chairman, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Anupam Puri   71   Director
Ms. Kalpana Morparia   68   Director
Dr. Omkar Goswami   60   Director
Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter   73   Director
Dr. Ashok S. Ganguly   82   Director
Mr. Sridar Iyengar   69   Director
Mr. Bharat Narotam Doshi   68   Director
Mr. Hans Peter Hasler   61   Director

(1)   Except for Mr. K. Satish Reddy and Mr. G.V. Prasad, all of the directors are independent directors
under the corporate governance rules of the New York Stock Exchange.

(2)   Full-time director.

(3)   Brother-in-law of
Mr. G.V. Prasad.

(4)   Brother-in-law of Mr. K.
Satish Reddy.

Executive Officers

Our policy is to classify our officers as “executive officers” if they have membership on our Management Council. Our
Management Council consists of various business and functional heads and is our senior management organization. As of March 31, 2017, the Management Council consisted of:

Name and Designation   Education/Degrees Held   Age   Experience in years   Date of commencement of employment   Particulars of last employment
K. Satish Reddy (1) Chairman   B. Tech., M.S. (Medicinal Chemistry)   50   25   January 18, 1993   Director, Globe Organics Limited
G.V. Prasad (2) Co-Chairman, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer   B. E. (Chem. Eng.), M.S. (Indl. Admn.)   57   33   June 30, 1990   Promoter Director, Benzex Labs Private Limited
Abhijit Mukherjee (3) Chief Operating Officer   B. Tech. (Chem.)   59   37   January 15, 2003   President, Atul Limited
Alok Sonig Executive Vice President and Head - North America Generics   B.E., MBA   45   22   June 11, 2012   Vice President and Head of Global Commercial Excellence, Strategy and Business Model Innovation, Bristol Myers Squibb
Dr. Amit Biswas Executive Vice President and Head - Integrated Product Development Organization   B. Tech. (Chem.), Masters (Polymer Science), Ph.D.   57   29   July 12, 2011   Senior Vice President, Reliance Industries
Limited
Dr. Cartikeya Reddy Executive Vice President and Head-Biologics   B. Tech, M.S., Ph.D.   47   26   July 20, 2004   Senior Engineer, Genetech Inc.
Dr. KVS Ram Rao Sr. Vice President and Head-PSAI Commercial Organization   B.Tech., M.E., Ph. D.(Chem Eng)   54   24   April 3, 2000   Head of Technical Services, Jubilant Life Sciences

101

Table of Contents

Name and Designation   Education/Degrees Held   Age   Experience in years   Date of commencement of employment   Particulars of last employment
M.V. Ramana Executive Vice President and Head Branded Markets (India & Emerging Countries)   MBA   49   25   October 15, 1992   —
Dr. S. Chandrasekhar President and Global Head of Human Resources   MBA., Ph.D.   60   38   August 12, 2013   Vice President and Head of Human Resources, IBM India.
Samiran Das Executive Vice President and Head- Global Manufacturing Operations   B. Tech (Mechanical)   57   35   June 15, 2011   Executive Director, PepsiCo
India.
Saumen Chakraborty President and Chief Financial Officer and Global Head of Information Technology and Business Process
Excellence   B.Sc. (H), MBA (IIM)   56   33   July 2, 2001   Vice President, Tecumseh Products India Private Limited
Ganadhish Kamat Executive Vice President and Head Global Quality Organisation   Master of Pharmacy and Diploma in Business Management   54   32   April 18, 2016   Executive Vice President – Corporate Quality, Lupin Limited
J. Ramachandran Executive Vice President – Management Systems and Corporate Initiatives   Master’s Degree (IIT)   53   25   September 15, 2016   Global CEO, Birla soft
Anil Namboodiripad Senior Vice President and Head - Proprietary Products   Ph.D. Physiology and Molecular Biophysics   50   19   September 9, 2007   Abbott Laboratories, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Booz
and Co

(1)   Brother-in-law of
Mr. G.V. Prasad.

(2)   Brother-in-law of Mr. K.
Satish Reddy

*   In June 2017, Ms. Archana Bhaskar joined the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources
Officer (“CHRO”). She will be a member of our Management Council. She is a graduate from Lady Shiram College, Delhi University majoring in Psychology & Mathematics and an MBA at the Indian Institute of Management, Bengaluru and has
over 25 years of experience across various industries, geographies and companies. She was last employed with Royal Dutch Shell, Singapore where she headed Human Resources for the Global Commercial businesses.

There was no arrangement or understanding with major shareholders, customers, suppliers or others pursuant to which any
director or executive officer referred to above was selected as a director or member of our Management Council.

Biographies – Directors

Mr.
 K. Satish Reddy
is a member of our Board of Directors and serves as our Chairman of the Board.
Prior to May 2014, he held the titles of Vice Chairman and Managing Director. He has a Master of Science degree in Medicinal Chemistry from Purdue University, Indiana in the United States of America and a Bachelor of Technology degree in Chemical
Engineering from Osmania University, Hyderabad. He was a member of the Drugs Technical Advisory Board of India, the Chairman of the Andhra Pradesh Chapter of the Confederation of Indian Industries (“CII”) and head of its National Committee
on Pharmaceuticals. He was the President of the Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance, a premier industry association of leading research-based Indian companies. He also chairs the Life Sciences Skill Development Council under The National Skill
Development Corporation (“NSDC”), an organization, working in partnership with various stakeholders groups, to serve and address the skill shortfalls in the Life Sciences Sectors across India.

In May 2015, the Ministry of Labour and Employment, Government of India, nominated Mr. Reddy as Chairman of the Board of
Governors of the National Safety Council. In addition to positions held in our subsidiaries and joint ventures, he is also a Director of Green Park Hotels and Resorts Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited, Stamlo Industries Limited, Araku
Originals Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Research Foundation, Dr. Reddy’s Institute of Life Sciences, Cipro Estates Private Limited, KAR Therapeutics & Estates Private Limited, Quin Estates Private Limited, Satish Reddy Estates
Private Limited, Molecular Connections Private Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Trust Services Private Limited, KAR Holdings (Singapore) Private Limited, Singapore, KAREUS Therapeutics (Singapore) Private Limited, Singapore and KAREUS Therapeutics,
SA, Switzerland.

102

Table of Contents

Mr.
 G.V. Prasad
is a member of our Board of Directors
and serves as our
Co-Chairman,
 Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to May 2014, he held the titles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He was the Managing Director of Cheminor Drugs
Limited prior to its merger with us. He has a Bachelor of Engineering degree in Chemical Engineering from Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago in the United States of America, and an M.S. in Industrial Administration from Purdue University,
Indiana in United States of America. He has been involved with the Andhra Pradesh chapter of the Worldwide Fund for nature and the Acumen Fund, a
non-profit
 venture that uses entrepreneurial approaches to
eliminate global poverty. Mr. Prasad was recognized as “India’s Best CEO” in the Large Company category by Business Today in 2014, and as “India Business Leader of the Year” by CNBC Asia in 2015. In addition to
positions held in our subsidiaries and joint ventures, he is a Director of Green Park Hotels and Resorts Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited, Stamlo Industries Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Institute of Life Sciences,
Dr. Reddy’s Research Foundation, International Foundation for Research and Education, Molecular Connections Private Limited, Dr. Reddy’s Trust Services Private Limited, Indian School of Business, Andhra Pradesh State Skill
Development Corporation and the Acumen Fund in the United States of America.

Mr.
 Anupam Puri

has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2002. He retired from McKinsey and Company in late 2000. He was a Director and played a variety of other leadership roles during his
30-year
 career there.
Before joining McKinsey and Company, he was Advisor for Industrial Development to the President of Algeria, and consultant to General Electric’s Center for Advanced Studies. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from St.
Stephen’s College, Delhi University, and Master of Arts and M. Phil. degrees from Oxford University. He is also on the Board of Directors of Mahindra and Mahindra Limited, Tech Mahindra Limited, Mumbai Mantra Media Limited and our wholly owned
subsidiary Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Inc. in the United States of America.

Dr.
 Omkar
Goswami
has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2000. He is a founder and Chairman of CERG Advisory Private Limited, a corporate advisory and economic research and consulting company. He was a senior consultant and chief economist at
the Confederation of Indian Industry for six years. He has also served as editor of Business India, associate professor at the Indian Statistical Institute, Delhi, and as an honorary advisor to the Ministry of Finance. He holds a Bachelor of
Economics degree from St. Xavier’s College, Calcutta University, a Master of Economics degree from the Delhi School of Economics, Delhi University and a Ph.D. degree from Oxford University. He is also a Director on the Boards of CG Power and
Industrial Solutions Limited, Ambuja Cements Limited, Cairn India Limited, Godrej Consumer Products Limited, Infosys BPO Limited, Bajaj Finance Limited, Max Healthcare Institute Limited, IDFC Financial Holding Company Limited, Hindustan Construction
Company Limited and DSP Black Rock Investment Managers Private Limited.

Ms.
 Kalpana Morparia

has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2007. Ms. Morparia is Chief Executive Officer of J.P. Morgan, South and Southeast Asia. Ms. Morparia is a member of J.P. Morgan’s Asia Pacific Management Committee. Prior to
becoming Chief Executive Officer of J.P. Morgan, South and Southeast Asia, Ms. Morpria served as Chief Executive Officer of J.P. Morgan India and Vice Chair on the Board of ICICI Group. She was a Joint Managing Director of ICICI Group from 2001
to 2007. Ms. Morparia has also served as Chief Strategy and Communications Officer—ICICI Group. Ms. Morparia had been with the ICICI Group since 1975. A graduate in law from Bombay University, Ms. Morparia has served on several
committees constituted by the Government of India. Ms. Morparia was named one of “The 50 Most Powerful Women in International Business” by Fortune magazine in 2008 and one of the 25 most powerful women in Indian business by Business
Today, a leading Indian business journal, in the years 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2008. Ms. Morparia was also named one of the “The 100 Most Powerful Women” by Forbes Magazine in 2006. She also serves on the Board of Hindustan Unilever
Limited, J.P. Morgan Services India Private Limited, and Philip Morris International Inc. in the United States of America. She also serves as a member on the Board of Governors of Bharati Foundation.

Dr.
 Bruce
 L.A. Carter
has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2008.
Dr. Carter was the Chairman of the Board and the former Chief Executive Officer of ZymoGenetics, Inc. in Seattle, Washington, in the United States of America. Dr. Carter was appointed as Chairman of the Board of ZymoGenetics in April 2005.
From April, 1998 to January, 2009, he served as Chief Executive Officer of ZymoGenetics. Dr. Carter first joined ZymoGenetics in 1986 as Vice President of Research and Development. In 1988, Novo Nordisk acquired ZymoGenetics and, in 1994,
Dr. Carter was promoted to Corporate Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer for Novo Nordisk A/S, the then parent company of ZymoGenetics. Dr. Carter led the negotiations that established ZymoGenetics as an independent
company from Novo Nordisk in 2000. Dr. Carter held various positions of increasing responsibility at G.D. Searle and Co., Ltd. from 1982 to 1986 and was a Lecturer at Trinity College, University of Dublin from 1975 to 1982. Dr. Carter
received a B.Sc. with Honors in Botany from the University of Nottingham, England, and a Ph.D. in Microbiology from Queen Elizabeth College, University of London. Dr. Carter is also on the Board of Directors of TB Alliance, New York Xencor
Inc., Mirati Therapeutics Inc, Accelerator Corporation and Enanta Pharmaceutical Inc. in the United States of America and our wholly-owned subsidiary Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited.

103

Table of Contents

Dr.
 Ashok
 S. Ganguly
has been a
member of our Board of Directors since 2009
.
Dr. Ashok Ganguly is the Chairman of ABP Private Ltd. (formerly Ananda Bazar Patrika Group), and was a Director on the Central Board of the Reserve Bank of India from 2001 to 2009.
Dr. Ganguly’s principal professional career spanned 35 years with Unilever Plc/NV. He was the Chairman of Hindustan Lever Ltd. from 1980 to 1990 and a member of the Unilever Board of Directors from 1990 to 1997 with responsibility for
world-wide research and technology. He is a former member of the Board of British Airways Plc (1996-2005). He has served on several public bodies, the principal among them being as a member of the Science Advisory Council to the Prime Minister of
India (1985-1989) and the U.K. Advisory Board of Research Councils (1991-1994). Currently, he is a member of the Prime Minister’s Council on Trade and Industry, Investment Commission and the
India-U.S.A.

CEO Council, set up by the Prime Minister of India and the President of the United States of America. He is also a member of the National Knowledge Commission to the Prime Minister. He is a recipient of the “Padma Bhushan” as well as the
“Padma Vibhushan”, two of India’s prestigious civilian honors. He was also a member of the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament of India from 18 November 2009 to 17 November 2015. Dr. Ganguly also serves as a
Director of Wipro Limited and ABP Private Limited.

Mr.
 Sridar Iyengar
has been a member of our
Board of Directors since 2011. Mr. Sridar Iyengar is an independent mentor investor in early stage start- up companies. For more than 35 years, he has worked in the United Kingdom, the United States and India with a large number of companies,
advising them on strategy and other issues. Mr. Iyengar is the former President of Foundation for Democratic Reforms in India, a U.S. based
non-profit
 organization. He is also an advisor to several
venture and private equity funds in India. Earlier, he was a senior partner with KPMG in the United States and the United Kingdom and served for 3 years as the Chairman and CEO of KPMG’s operations in India. Mr. Iyengar holds a Bachelor of
Commerce (Hons.) degree from Calcutta University and he is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Mr. Iyengar is also on the Board of Directors of Mahindra Holidays and Resorts India Limited, CL Educate
Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited, Cleartrip Private Limited, CL Media Private Limited, AverQ Inc., in the United States of America, Cleartrip Inc. in the Cayman Islands, Holiday Club Resorts OY, Finland and our wholly owned
subsidiary Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories S.A. in Switzerland.

Mr.
 Bharat
 N.
Doshi
has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2016. Mr. Doshi is a former Executive Director and Group Chief Financial Officer of Mahindra & Mahindra Limited. He was also the Chairman of Mahindra & Mahindra
Financial Services Limited since April 2008, and he stepped down from this position on his nomination as Director on the Central Board of Directors of the Reserve Bank of India in March 2016. He is the Chairman of Mahindra Intertrade Limited and a
Director on the Board of Mahindra Holdings Limited. He is also an Independent Director of Godrej Consumer Products Limited. He also serves on Advisory Board of Excellence Enablers, an organization committed to promoting corporate governance in
India. Mr. Doshi is a fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and holds Master’s degree in Law from Bombay University. He is an alumnus of Harvard Business School
(Program for Management Development) and Fellow of the Salzburg Seminar on ‘Asian Economies: Regional and Global Relationships’.

Mr.
 Hans Peter Hasler
has been a member of our Board of Directors since 2016
.
Mr. Hasler
is the Principal of HPH Management GmbH, Küssnacht, Switzerland, the Chairman of HBH Healthcare Investments AG in Zug since June 2009 and Founder of Vicarius Pharma Limited AG, in Switzerland. He is also the Chairman of the Board of Medical
Imaging Analysis Center (MIAC) of the University Hospital, Basel, a
non-profit
 organization, since December 2012 and a Director on the Boards of Patheon Inc., USA and AOP Orphan Pharmaceuticals, Austria.
Mr. Hasler holds a Federal Swiss Commercial Diploma from Canton of Bern, Switzerland (Kaufmann) and a Diploma in Business Management from Swiss Institute of Business, Zurich. Mr. Hasler is an experienced pharmaceutical and biotechnology
executive and has an international track record and
in-depth
 operational, commercial and general management expertise. He also acts as a
top-level
 advisor to the
life-science industry. In his career, he has managed the growth of leading companies in the pharmaceutical industry and successfully launched several blockbuster drugs. He is also on the Board of Directors of our wholly owned subsidiary,
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories S.A. in Switzerland.

Biographies—Executive Officers

Mr.
 Abhijit Mukherjee
 is the Chief Operating Officer of our company. Before joining us, he worked
with Atul Limited for 10 years, where he held numerous positions of increasing responsibility. In his last assignment there he was President, Bulk Chemicals and Intermediates Business, and Managing Director, Atul Products Limited. He started his
career as a management trainee in Hindustan Lever Limited (“HLL”) and worked at that company for 13 years, including three years in a Unilever company. He was primarily involved in technical assignments in the aroma chemicals business in
HLL and Unilever and also in detergents and sulphonation plants of HLL. He holds a degree in Chemical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur, India.

104

Table of Contents

Mr.
 Alok Sonig
 is the Executive Vice President and head
of North America Generics. He joined us in June 2012 and has over 21 years of experience in healthcare, technology and consumer marketing. Prior to joining us, he worked with Bristol Myers Squibb in Princeton, New Jersey, U.S.A., as Vice President
and Head of Global Commercial Excellence, Strategy and Business Model Innovation. Mr. Sonig holds a Bachelor’s of Engineering from Punjab Engineering College in India and an MBA from American University, Washington, D.C.

Dr.
 Amit Biswas
 is the Executive Vice President and Head of Integrated Product Development
(“IPDO”). He joined us in July 2011 and has 28 years of diverse and rich international experience, spanning academic and industrial research, product development, technical service and management of research and technology in the areas of
commodity plastics, engineering polymers, high performance fibers, industrial/automotive coatings and alternate energy technologies. He previously worked with companies such as DuPont (USA), ICI India and GE Advanced Materials. Prior to joining us,
he worked with Reliance Industries Limited as Senior Vice President, Technology Services and Emerging Technologies-Reliance Technology Group and was responsible for design and implementation of Research and Technology Management processes, Business
Transformation and Change Management, and interfacing with private/public institutions on Alternate Energy Technologies. He is a Master Black Belt in Six Sigma (GE Certification). He was also a member of various councils, including National Chemical
Laboratory (Pune) Research Council, Indian Institute of Chemical Technology (Hyderabad) Research Council, Indian Institute of Technology Bombay Advisory Council and currently is a member of All India CII Technology Council. He was made an
Adjunct Professor at the Centre for Research in Nano-technology and Science at the Indian Institute of Technology in Bombay, India. He has 44 international publications, 3 book chapters and 4 patents. He holds a Ph.D. and Masters in Polymer Science
from Case Western Reserve University, Ohio, U.S.A. and a Bachelor of Technology in Chemical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, India.

Dr.
 Cartikeya Reddy
 is the Executive Vice President and head of our Biologics division, which
focuses on the development of biosimilar molecules for the Indian and global markets. Prior to joining us in 2004, Dr. Reddy worked with Genentech Inc., where he was a Group Leader in the area of Cell Culture Process Development. Before that,
he was with the Biotechnology Division of Bayer Corporation, where he successfully led teams in the areas of Bioprocess Development and pilot scale manufacturing. Mr. Reddy holds a Master of Science degree and Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from
the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, and was a Visiting Scholar at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States of America. He also graduated with a Bachelor of Technology degree in Chemical
Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology in Chennai, India.

Dr.
 KVS Ram Rao
 is the
Senior Vice President and Head of PSAI Commercial Organization. He joined us in 2000 and has over 23 years of experience in New Product
Development-API
 and Global Oncology. In his current role, he is
responsible for our PSAI commercial organization managing sales, strategy, business development and new product management. Prior to joining us, Dr. Ram Rao worked at Jubilant Life Sciences where he headed the Technical Services Division and
Gujarat Heavy Chemicals Limited where he was the Head of Research and Development. He holds a Ph.D. and a Masters degree in Chemical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Science (“IISc”), Bangalore along with a Bachelors Degree in
Chemical Engineering from Osmania University, Hyderabad, India. He also holds a Diploma in Project Management from Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (“NMIMS”), India.

Mr.
 M.V. Ramana
 is the Executive Vice President and Head of Branded Markets (India and Emerging
countries). He joined us on October 15, 1992 as a Management Trainee in the International Marketing division of our Branded Formulations business. In his 24 year tenure, he has handled various critical assignments including setting up the
businesses in several countries across Asia, Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. Mr. Ramana is also a frequent speaker at various international forums in the pharmaceutical and generics industry. He holds a MBA degree from Osmania
University, Hyderabad, India and has done the
ISB-Kellogg
 management development program.

105

Table of Contents

Dr.
 S. Chandrasekhar
 is the President and Global Head
of our Human Resources (“HR”). He joined us in August 2013 and leads a wide range of HR initiatives in leadership development and coaching, talent development, employee engagement and organization design to integrate, grow and transform
the organization globally in order to enable our enterprise to meet our business objectives. He has over 37 years of experience across India’s leading firms in public and private sectors engaged in multiple industries such as steel,
manufacturing, telecom, information technology services and consulting. He is also among the first few Indians who have been accredited by the International Coach Federation – the world’s leading coach certification body—in the
professional practice of executive coaching. Prior to joining us, Dr. Chandrasekhar worked with IBM, India as Vice President and Head of Human Resources for the India/South Asia region. At IBM, he was a key member of the India Leadership Team
and a Director on the Board of IBM India Private Limited. Dr. Chandrasekhar holds an MBA from Leeds Business School, United Kingdom and a Ph. D in Organizational Behavior from Andhra University, India.

Mr.
 Samiran Das
 is the Executive Vice President and Head of Global Manufacturing Operations. He
joined us in June 2011 and has diverse and rich experience in manufacturing across multiple sectors. Prior to joining us, he worked with Pepsico India as Executive Director, Technical Operations for Pepsico’s beverage business in the India
region and was responsible for supply strategy and implementation, manufacturing footprint and expansion, quality assurance, safety, development of
co-packing
 network, procurement and new product
commercialization, and supply chain validation. At Pepsico, he was a member of the Regional Executive Committee and the Division Operations Leadership Council, with active involvement in Corporate Governance and Corporate Social Responsibility
activities. Before that, he worked with companies like Union Carbide, ICI India, Hindustan Unilever, Godrej Pillsbury, Frito Lay India and
D1-BP
 Fuel Crops India in different roles. He holds a Bachelors degree
in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, India.

Mr.
 Saumen
Chakraborty
 is the President and Chief Financial Officer. In this role, he is responsible for managing our global finance functions including, among others, Accounts and Controlling, Taxation, Compliance, Secretarial, Investor Relations and
Treasury. In addition, Mr. Chakraborty is also responsible for our Information Technology (“IT”) and Business Process Excellence (“BPE”) functions. As the Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Chakraborty was recognized as the
Best CFO for Healthy Balance Sheet management India’s Best CFO with Exemplary at BW
Businessworld-YES
 Bank Best CFO Awards
2015-16,
 CFO of the year by International
Market Assessment (“IMA”), All Round Performance in the 5th Annual Business Today in 2014 – Yes Bank Best CFO Awards event. Mr. Chakraborty joined us in 2001 as Global Chief of Human Resources. He later took over as Chief
Financial Officer in 2006 and then became our President—Corporate and Global Generics Operations in early 2009. In 2010 he was appointed as President and Global Head of Quality, Human Resources and Information Technology and focused on the
integration of people practices, processes and information across the organization. He has 32 years of experience in strategic and operational aspects of management. Prior to joining us, he held various line management, human resources and other
positions, including Senior Manager (Finance and Accounts) in the Eicher Group and Vice President (Operations) in Tecumseh Products Company. Saumen is also a member of the National Leadership Committee of CII. He has been on the Board of the AHRD
and various joint ventures/subsidiaries of our Company. He graduated with honors as the valedictorian of his class from Visva-Bharati University in Physics and holds degree in Management from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, Gujarat,
India.

Mr.
 Ganadhish Kamat
 is the Executive Vice President and Global Head of Quality. He has
joined us in April 2016 and in this role he is responsible for Global Quality. He holds a Master of Pharmacy degree from Mumbai University and a Diploma in Business Management from Goa University. He has close to 31 years of rich experience in the
pharmaceutical industry. During his long career, Mr. Kamat has worked in leadership roles in different organizations such as Sandoz, Intas Pharma and Ranbaxy. Prior to joining us, Mr. Kamat was with Lupin as Executive Vice President –
Corporate Quality. He is a member of the International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering (ISPE), the expert committee of Indian Pharmacopoeia, and the Quality Forum of the Indian Pharmaceutical Association (IPA).

Mr.
 J. Ramachandran
is the Executive Vice President – Management Systems and Corporate
Initiatives. He joined us in September 2016 and in this role he is responsible for our strategic initiatives and management systems. Mr. Ramachandran has over two decades of corporate leadership and entrepreneurial experience, including a
decade spent at IBM Global Services USA leading business transformative programs across worldwide geographies. Upon his return to India, Mr. Ramachandran led Birlasoft as the Global CEO, founded a successful technology company and offered
strategy consulting for varied businesses. Mr. Ramachandran has conceptualized and led business/organizational transformations for diverse industry verticals and Fortune 500 customers spread across five continents. He holds a Master’s
degree from IIT Kanpur.

106

Table of Contents

Mr.
 Anil Namboodiripad
is the Senior Vice President and
Head-Proprietary Products. He has joined us in 2007 and in this role he is responsible for our Proprietary Products business. He has been one of the main architects of our Proprietary Products business since July 2008, when systematic efforts
towards differentiated formulations were first undertaken. In earlier roles, he was responsible for leading external research and development and strategic marketing which included establishing research collaborations and “mini
incubators” with various external industry partners and academic bodies.Over the years, his role has grown considerably with the inclusion of Proprietary Products drug development, regulatory affairs and the dermatology commercial effort under
his leadership. Prior to joining us, he spent a number of years at Abbott Laboratories’s subsidiaryAbbVie and at Bristol-Myers Squibb in various roles of increasing responsibility including strategic planning, corporate development and global
commercial operations. He started his career as a management consultant with Booz & Co. in New York (formerly Booz Allen Hamilton), where he served clients on several high level business critical issues within financial services and
healthcare. He holds a Ph.D. in Physiology and Molecular Biophysics from the University of Texas.

6.B.
Compensation

Directors’ compensation

Full-Time Directors
: The compensation of our Chairman of the Board and our

Co-Chairman,
 Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (who we refer to as our “full-time directors”) is divided into salary, commission and benefits. They are not eligible to participate in our
stock option plans. The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors initially recommends the compensation for full-time directors. If the Board of Directors (the “Board”) approves the recommendation, it is
then submitted to the shareholders for approval at the general shareholders meeting along with the proposal for their appointment or
re-appointment.

Our Chairman of the Board and our
Co-Chairman,
 Managing Director and Chief Executive
Officer are each entitled to receive a maximum commission of up to 0.75% of our net profit (as defined under the Indian Companies Act, 2013) for the fiscal year. The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee, which is entirely composed of
independent directors, recommends the commission for our Chairman of the Board and our
Co-Chairman,
 Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer within the limits of 0.75% and 0.75%, respectively, of our net
profits (as defined under the Indian Companies Act, 2013) for each fiscal year.

Non-Full
 Time Directors:
In the year ended March 31, 2017, none of our
non-full
 time directors were paid any sum as attendance fees.
Non-full
 time directors are eligible to receive a commission on our net profit (as defined under the Indian
Companies Act) for each fiscal year. Our shareholders have approved a maximum commission of up to 1% of the net profits (as defined under the Indian Companies Act, 2013) for each fiscal year for all
non-full

time directors in a year. The Board determines the entitlement of each of the
non-full
 time directors to commission within the overall limit. The
non-full
 time directors
were not granted stock options under the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2002 or Dr. Reddy’s Employees ADR Stock Option Scheme, 2007 in the year ended March 31, 2017.

For the year ended March 31, 2017, the directors were entitled to the following amounts as compensation:

(Amounts Rs. in millions)
Name of Directors   Commission   Salary   Perquisites   Total
Mr. K. Satish Reddy   Rs.   63.00   Rs.   6.32   Rs.   3.12   Rs.   72.44
Mr. G.V. Prasad   75.00   18.52   4.22   97.74
Dr. Omkar Goswami   8.37   —   —   8.37
Mr. Ravi Bhoothalingam *   4.35   —   —   4.35
Mr. Anupam Puri   9.76   —   —   9.76
Ms. Kalpana Morparia   9.03   —   —   9.03
Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter   8.77   —   —   8.77
Dr. Ashok S. Ganguly   8.37   —   —   8.37
Mr. Sridar Iyengar   9.09   —   —   9.09
Mr. Bharat N. Doshi   9.69   —   —   9.69
Mr. Hans Peter Hasler **   6.65   —   —   6.65

*   Compensation for part of the year, term ended on July 27, 2016.

**   Compensation for part of the year, appointed with effect from June 17, 2016.

107

Table of Contents

Executive officers’ compensation

The initial compensation to all our executive officers is determined through appointment letters issued at the time of
employment. The appointment letter provides the initial amount of salary and benefits the executive officer will receive as well as a confidentiality provision and a
non-compete
 provision applicable during the
course of the executive officer’s employment with us. We provide salary, certain perquisites, retirement benefits, stock options and variable pay to our executive officers. The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee of the Board
reviews the compensation of executive officers on a periodic basis.

All of our employees at the managerial and staff
levels are eligible to participate in a variable pay program, which consists of performance bonuses based on the performance of their function or business unit, and a profit sharing plan through which part of our profits can be shared with our
employees. Our variable pay program is aimed at rewarding the individual based on performance of such individual, their business unit/function and our company as a whole, with significantly higher rewards for superior performances.

We also have two employee stock option schemes: the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2002 and the
Dr. Reddy’s Employees ADR Stock Option Scheme, 2007. The stock option schemes are applicable to all of our employees including directors and employees and directors of our subsidiaries. The stock option schemes are not applicable to
promoter directors, promoter employees,
non-full
 time directors (independent directors) and persons holding 2% or more of our outstanding share capital. The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee of
the Board of Directors awards options pursuant to the stock option schemes based on the employee’s performance appraisal. Some employees have also been granted options upon joining us.

Compensation for executive officers who are full time directors is summarized in the table under “Directors’
compensation” above. The following table presents the annual compensation paid or payable to other executive officers for services rendered to us for the year ended March 31, 2017 and stock options issued to all of our other executive
officers during the year ended March 31, 2017:

Compensation for Executive Officers

Name   Compensation (1)(3) (Rs. in millions)   No. of Options (2)
Abhijit Mukherjee   60.4   5,500
Alok Sonig   43.8   3,760
Dr. Cartikeya Reddy   27.3   3,500
Saumen Chakraborty   42.3   4,000
M.V. Ramana   31.1   3,760
Samiran Das   24.2   3,000
Dr. Amit Biswas   25.0   3,000
Dr. K.V.S. Ram Rao   20.0   2,700
Dr. S. Chandrasekhar   22.1   3,000
Dr. Raghav Chari (until October 31, 2016)   21.9   3,760
Mr. Ganadhish Kamat   25.1   3,096
Mr. J. Ramachandran   13.1   —
Mr. Anil Namboodiripad   18.9   1,400

(1)   These compensation amounts do not include share based payment expense arising from stock options. However, the
number of options granted during the year are mentioned separately in the above table.

(2)   The options vest 25% each year on various dates beginning in the year ended March 31, 2018 and ending in
the year ended March 31, 2021 subject to the employee being in continued service on the date of vesting. The options expire after five years from the date of vesting. Each of the options has an exercise price of Rs.5 and results in the issuance
of one equity share upon its exercise.

(3)   These compensation amounts do not include Rs.79 million accrued towards a long term incentive plan for
the services rendered by our executive officers for the year ended March 31, 2017 (refer to Note 29 to our consolidated financial statements for further details).

108

Table of Contents

Retirement benefits:

We provide the following benefit plans to our employees:

Gratuity benefits:
In accordance with applicable Indian laws, we provide for gratuity, a defined benefit plan (the
“Gratuity Plan”) covering certain categories of employees of the parent company. The Gratuity Plan provides a lump sum payment to vested employees, at retirement or termination of employment, at an amount based on the respective
employee’s last drawn salary and the years of employment with us. Effective September 1, 1999, we established the Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Gratuity Fund (the “Gratuity Fund”). Liability with regard to the Gratuity Plan
is determined by an actuarial valuation, based upon which we make contributions to the Gratuity Fund. Trustees administer the contributions made to the Gratuity Fund. The amounts contributed to the Gratuity Fund are primarily invested in Indian
Government bonds and corporate debt securities. A small portion of the fund is also invested in equity securities of Indian companies.

The net periodic gratuity benefit cost recognized by us towards the aforesaid Gratuity Plan was Rs.235 million and
Rs.179 million for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Superannuation benefits:

Certain categories of our employees participate in superannuation, a defined contribution plan administered by the Life Insurance Corporation of India. We make annual contributions based on a specified percentage of each covered employee’s
salary. We have no further obligations under the plan beyond our annual contributions. We contributed Rs.79 million and Rs.71 million to the superannuation plan during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Provident fund benefits.
In India, certain employees receive benefits from a provident fund, a defined contribution
plan. Both the employee and employer each make monthly contributions to the plan equal to 12% of the covered employee’s basic salary. We have no further obligations under the plan beyond our monthly contributions. We contributed
Rs.682 million and Rs.574 million to the provident fund plan during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

401(k) retirement savings plans.
In the United States, we sponsor a defined contribution 401(k) retirement savings plan
for all eligible employees who meet minimum age and service requirements. We contributed Rs.231 million and Rs.204 million to this 401(k) retirement savings plan for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

National Insurance contributions.
 In the United Kingdom, certain social security benefits (such as pension,
unemployment and disability) are funded by employers and employees through mandatory National Insurance contributions. We sponsor a defined contribution plan for such National Insurance contributions. The contribution amounts are determined based
upon the employee’s base salary. We have no further obligations under the plan beyond our monthly contributions. We contributed Rs.134 million and Rs.156 million to the U.K. National Insurance scheme during the years ended
March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Pension.
 All employees of Industrias Quimicas Falcon de Mexico, SA de
CV (“Falcon”), our subsidiary in Mexico, are governed by a defined benefit pension plan. The pension plan provides a payment to vested employees at retirement or termination of employment. Liabilities in respect of the pension plan are
determined by an actuarial valuation, based on which we make contributions to the pension plan fund. This fund is administered by a third party who is provided guidance by a technical committee formed by senior employees of Falcon.

The net periodic cost recognized under the Falcon pension plan was Rs.25 million each during the years ended
March 31, 2017 and 2016.

Compensated leave of absence.
 Our current policies permit certain categories of
employees to accumulate and carry forward a portion of their unutilized compensated absences and utilize them in future periods or receive cash in lieu thereof in accordance with the terms of such policies. We measure the expected cost of
accumulating compensated absences as the additional amount that we expect to pay as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the statement of financial position date. Such measurement is based on actuarial valuation as at the
statements of financial position date carried out by a qualified actuary. Towards this benefit, we recorded a total liability of Rs.855 million and Rs.792 million as at March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

109

Table of Contents

Long term incentive plan.
 Certain senior management employees of our
company participate in a long term incentive plan which is aimed at rewarding the individual based on the performance of such individual, their business unit/function and our company as a whole, with significantly higher rewards for superior
performances. The total liability recorded by us towards this benefit was Rs.622 million as of March 31, 2017.

6.C.
Board
practices

Our Articles of Association require us to have a minimum of three and a maximum of fifteen
directors. As of March 31, 2017, we had ten directors on our Board, of which seven were
non-full
 time independent directors.

The Companies Act, 2013 and our Articles of Association require that at least

two-thirds
 of our directors be subject to
re-election
 by our shareholders in rotation and that, at every annual general meeting,

one-third
 of the directors who are subject to
re-election
 must retire from the Board. However, if eligible for
re-election,
 they
may be
re-elected
 by our shareholders at the annual general meeting.

Due to
India’s adoption of the Companies Act, 2013, effective as of April 1, 2014,
non-full
 time independent directors are no longer required to retire from the Board by rotation. As a result, at annual
general meetings held after April 1, 2014, our
non-full
 time independent directors are excluded from the calculation of the
two-thirds
 directors who are subject to
re-election
 by our shareholders in rotation.

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs,
Government of India, by a circular dated June 9, 2014, stated that all
non-full
 time independent directors (including existing
non-full
 time independent directors)
are required to be appointed expressly under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 before March 31, 2015. Accordingly, all of our
non-full
 time independent directors were
re-appointed
 by our shareholders at the July, 2014 annual general meeting.

The terms of
each of our directors and their expected expiration dates are provided in the table below:

Name   Expiration of Current Term of
Office   Term of Office   Period of Service
Mr. G.V. Prasad (1)   January 29, 2021   5 years   31 years
Mr. K. Satish Reddy (1)(4)   September 30, 2022   5 years   24 years
Mr. Anupam Puri (2) (3)   July 31, 2018   4 years   15 years
Ms. Kalpana Morparia (2) (3)   July 31, 2019   5 years   10 years
Dr. Omkar Goswami (2) (3)   July 31, 2019   5 years   16.5 years
Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter (2) (3)   July 31, 2019   5 years   9 years
Dr. Ashok S. Ganguly (2) (3)   July 31, 2017   3 years   7.5 years
Mr. Sridar Iyengar (2) (3)   July 31, 2019   5 years   6 years
Mr. Bharat N Doshi (2)   May 10, 2021   5 years   1 year
Mr. Hans Peter Hasler (2)   June 16, 2021   5 years   1 year

(1)   Full time director.

(2)   Non-full time independent director.

(3)   These non-full time independent directors were appointed at our annual
general meeting on July 31, 2014, under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for a term stated in the above table. This appointment of our non-full time independent directors was to comply with the
circular dated June 9, 2014 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India requiring us to appoint all of our non-full time independent directors specifically under the provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013.

(4)   Reappointed by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on May 12, 2017 for a further period of five
years effective as of October 1, 2017 (expiring January 29, 2021), subject to approval by our shareholders at their next Annual General Meeting scheduled on July 28, 2017.

As a result of the above, a proposal to vary the terms of appointment so that only our full time directors are subject to retirement by
rotation was approved by our shareholders at the July 2014 annual general meeting. Accordingly, our full time directors are now subject to retirement by rotation. The directors are not eligible for any termination benefit on the termination of their
tenure with us. As a result of the above, Mr. G.V. Prasad shall retire by rotation and the proposal to reappoint him is being placed before our shareholders at the July 2017 annual general meeting.

110

Table of Contents

Committees of the Board

Committees appointed by the Board focus on specific areas and take decisions within the authority delegated to them.

The Committees also make specific recommendations to the Board on various matters from
time-to-time.
 All decisions and recommendations of the Committees are placed before the Board for information or approval. We had seven Board-level Committees as of March 31, 2017:

•   Audit Committee.

•   Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee.

•   Science, Technology and Operations Committee.

•   Risk Management Committee.

•   Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee.

•   Management Committee.

•   Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.

We have adopted charters for our Audit Committee, Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee, Science, Technology and
Operations Committee, Risk Management Committee, Shareholders’ Grievance Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, formalizing the applicable committee’s procedures and duties. Each of these charters is available on our
website at
http://drreddys.com/investors/governance/committees-of-the-board.aspx
.

Audit Committee
.
Our management is primarily responsible for our internal controls and financial
reporting process. Our independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for performing independent audits of our financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and
for issuing reports based on such audits. The Board of Directors has entrusted the Audit Committee to supervise these processes and thus ensure accurate and timely disclosures that maintain the transparency, integrity and quality of financial
controls and reporting.

The Audit Committee consists of the following four

non-full
 time, independent directors:

•   Mr. Sridar Iyengar (Chairman);

•   Dr. Omkar Goswami;

•   Ms. Kalpana Morparia; and

•   Mr. Bharat Narotam Doshi.

Our Company Secretary is the Secretary of the Audit Committee. This Committee met five times during the year ended
March 31, 2017. Our independent registered public accounting firm was generally present at all Audit Committee meetings during the year.

The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to:

•   Supervise our financial reporting process;

•   Review our quarterly and annual financial results, along with related public disclosures and filings,
before providing them to the Board;

•   Review the adequacy of our internal controls, including the plan, scope and performance of our internal
audit function;

•   Discuss with management our major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management.

•   Hold discussions with external auditors on the nature, scope and process of audits and any views that
they have about our financial control and reporting processes;

•   Ensure compliance with accounting standards and with listing requirements with respect to the financial
statements;

•   Recommend the appointment and removal of external auditors and their remuneration;

•   Recommend the appointment of cost auditors;

•   Review the independence of auditors;

•   Ensure that adequate safeguards have been taken for legal compliance both for us and for our
subsidiaries;

•   Review the financial statements of our subsidiary companies, in particular investments made by them;

•   Review and approval of related party transactions;

•   Review the functioning of whistle blower mechanism;

•   Review the implementation of applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, 2002;

•   Scrutinize our inter-company loans and investments;

•   Value our undertakings and assets, wherever it is necessary;

111

Table of Contents

•   Evaluation of internal financial controls; and

•   Review any findings of investigations related to suspected fraud committed against us.

Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee.
The primary functions of the Nomination, Governance
and Compensation Committee are to:

•   Examine the structure, composition and functioning of the Board, and recommend changes, as necessary,
to improve the Board’s effectiveness;

•   Formulate policies on remuneration of Directors, key managerial personnel and other employees and on
Board diversity

•   Formulate criteria for evaluation of Independent Directors and the Board;

•   Assess our policies and processes in key areas of corporate governance, other than those explicitly
assigned to other Board Committees, with a view to ensuring that we are at the forefront of good governance practices; and

•   Regularly examine ways to strengthen our organizational health, by improving the hiring, retention,
motivation, development, deployment and behavior of management and other employees. In this context, the Committee also reviews the framework and processes for motivating and rewarding performance at all levels of the organization, reviews the
resulting compensation awards, and makes appropriate proposals for Board approval. In particular, it recommends all forms of compensation to be granted to our Directors, executive officers and key managerial personnel.

The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee also administers our Employee Stock Option Schemes.

The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee consists of the following

non-full
 time, independent directors:

•   Dr. Ashok S. Ganguly (Chairman);

•   Mr. Anupam Puri;

•   Ms. Kalpana Morparia; and

•   Mr. Bharat Narotam Doshi.

The corporate officer heading our Human Resources function serves as the Secretary of the Committee. The Nomination,
Governance and Compensation Committee met four times during the year ended March 31, 2017.

Science, Technology
and Operations Committee.
The primary functions of the Science, Technology and Operations Committee are to:

•   Advise our Board and management on scientific, medical and technical matters and operations involving
our development and discovery programs (generic and proprietary), including major internal projects, business development opportunities, interaction with academic and other outside research organizations;

•   Assist our Board and management in staying abreast of novel scientific and technologies developments
and innovations, anticipating emerging concepts and trends in therapeutic research and development, and making well-informed choices in committing our resources;

•   Assist our Board and management in creating valuable intellectual property;

•   Review the status of non-infringement patent challenges; and

•   Assist our Board and management in building and nurturing science in our organization in line with our
business strategy.

The Science, Technology and Operations Committee consists of the following
non-full
 time, independent directors:

•   Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter (Chairman);

•   Mr. Anupam Puri;

•   Dr. Ashok S. Ganguly; and

•   Mr. Hans Peter Hasler.

The corporate officers heading our Integrated Product Development Operations, Proprietary Products and Biologics functions
serve as the Secretary of the Committee with regard to their respective businesses. The Science, Technology and Operations Committee met four times during the year ended March 31, 2017.

112

Table of Contents

Risk Management Committee.
The primary function of the Risk Management Committee is
to:

•   Discuss with senior management our enterprise risk management and provide oversight as may be needed;

•   Ensure that it is apprised of our more significant risks, along with the risk management steps
implemented to ensure effective enterprise risk management; and

•   Review risk disclosure statements in any public documents or disclosures, where applicable.

The Risk Management Committee consists of the following

non-full
 time, independent directors:

•   Dr. Omkar Goswami (Chairman);

•   Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter;

•   Mr. Sridar Iyengar and

•   Mr. Hans Peter Hasler.

Our Chief Financial Officer is the Secretary of the Risk Management Committee. This Committee met three times during the year
ended March 31, 2017.

Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee.
 The primary
function of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is to:

•   Formulate, review and recommend to the Board a corporate social responsibility policy indicating the
activities to be undertaken by us as specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013.

•   Recommend the amount of expenditures to be incurred in connection with our corporate social
responsibility initiatives;

•   Provide guidance on our corporate social responsibility initiatives and monitoring their progress; and

•   Monitor implementation and adherence to our corporate social responsibility policy from time to time.

The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee consists of the following directors:

•   Mr. Bharat Narotam Doshi (Chairman);

•   Mr. G.V. Prasad; and

•   Mr. K. Satish Reddy.

Our corporate officer heading our Corporate Social Responsibility function serves as the Secretary of the Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee. This Committee met four times during the year ended March 31, 2017.

Stakeholders
Relationship Committee.
 Effective May 13, 2014, the name of our “Shareholders Grievance Committee” has been changed to “Stakeholders Relationship Committee” in accordance with the provisions of Section 178 of
the Indian Companies Act, 2013. The primary function of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is to:

•   Review investor complaints and their redress;

•   Review queries received from investors;

•   Review work done by our share transfer agent; and

•   Review corporate actions related to our security holders.

The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee consists of the following directors:

•   Ms. Kalpana Morparia (Chairperson);

•   Mr. Bharat Narotam Doshi;

•   Mr. G.V. Prasad; and

•   Mr. K. Satish Reddy.

Our Company Secretary is the Secretary of the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee. This Committee met four times during
the year ended March 31, 2017.

113

Table of Contents

6.D.
Employees

The following table sets forth the number of our employees as at March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.

As at March 31, 2017
India   North America   Europe   Rest of World   Total
Manufacturing (1)   11,261   293   164   300   12,018
Sales and marketing (2)   5,778   161   48   1,351   7,338
Research and development (3)   1,945   60   143   59   2,207
Others (4)   768   100   51   189   1,108
Total   19,752   614   406   1,899   22,671

As at March 31, 2016
India   North America   Europe   Rest of World   Total
Manufacturing (1)   10,584   352   169   259   11,364
Sales and marketing (2)   5,625   141   33   1,388   7,187
Research and development (3)   2,298   49   120   50   2,517
Others (4)   724   105   65   213   1,107
Total   19,231   647   387   1,910   22,175

As at March 31, 2015
India   North America   Europe   Rest of World   Total
Manufacturing (1)   9,442   420   155   285   10,302
Sales and marketing (2)   4,953   137   35   1,375   6,500
Research and development (3)   2,202   45   120   46   2,413
Others (4)   727   104   94   233   1,158
Total   17,324   706   404   1,939   20,373

(1)   Includes quality, technical services and warehouse.

(2)   Includes business development.

(3)   Includes employees engaged in contract research services provided to other companies.

(4)   Includes shared services, corporate business development and the intellectual property management team.

We did not experience any significant work stoppages in the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016,
and we consider our relationship with our employees and labor unions to be good. Approximately 4% of our employees belong to labor unions.

114

Table of Contents

6.E.
Share ownership

The following table sets forth, as of March 31, 2017 for each of our directors and executive officers, the total number of
our equity shares and options owned by them:

Name   No. of Shares Held (1) (2)   % of Outstanding Capital   No. of Options Held (5)   Vesting and Expiration Date (See note no.)
G.V. Prasad (3)   1,344,640   0.81   %   —   —
K. Satish Reddy (3)   1,310,332   0.79   %   —   —
Dr. Omkar Goswami (3)   22,800   0.01   %   —   —
Anupam Puri (ADRs) (3)   18,302   0.01   %   —   —
Kalpana Morparia (3)   10,800   0.01   %   —   —
Dr. Bruce L.A. Carter (ADRs) (3)   7,800   0.00   %   —   —
Dr. Ashok S. Ganguly (3)   4,800   0.00   %   —   —
Sridar Iyengar (3)   —   —   —   —
Bharat N Doshi (3)   1,000   0.00   %   —   —
Hans Peter Hasler (3)   —   —   —   —
Abhijit Mukherjee   27,736   0.02   %   12,875   (4   )
Dr. Cartikeya Reddy   —   —   8,225   (4   )
Saumen Chakraborty   35,250   0.02   %   8,875   (4   )
M.V. Ramana   16,996   0.01   %   8,760   (4   )
Samiran Das   2,825   0.00   %   10,975   (4   )
Dr. Amit Biswas   5,174   0.00   %   7,100   (4   )
Alok Sonig   9,760   (6)   0.00   %   4,400   (4   )
Dr. K. V. S. Ram Rao   7,100   0.00   %   5,850   (4   )
Dr. S. Chandrasekhar   1,875   0.00   %   6,125   (4   )
Ganadhish Kamat   —   —   3,096   (4   )
Mr. J. Ramachandran   —   —   —   (4   )
Dr. Anil Namboodiripad (ADRs)   6,734   2,944   (4   )

1)   Shares held in their individual name only.

(2)   All shares have voting rights.

(3)   Not eligible for grant of stock options.

(4)   The options vest on various dates between the year ending March 31, 2017 and the year ending
March 31, 2021.

(5)   The options expire after five years from the date of vesting. Each of the options has an exercise price of
Rs.5 and results in the issuance of one equity share upon its exercise.

(6)   Includes 3,760 ADRs.

Employee Stock Incentive Plans

We have adopted a number of stock option incentive plans covering either our ordinary shares or our ADSs, and we are currently
operating under the Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Plan-2002 and the Dr. Reddy’s Employees ADR Stock Option Plan-2007. During the year ended March 31, 2017, options to purchase ordinary shares and ADSs were awarded to
various of our executive officers and other employees under these two plans as follows: an aggregate of 156,092 options were granted having an average exercise price of Rs.5 per share or ADS and no options were granted at a fair market value based
exercise price. Each option granted had an expiration date of five years from the vesting date, and each grant provided for time-based vesting in 25% increments over four years. As of March 31, 2017, options were outstanding under these two
plans for an aggregate of 418,283 shares and ADSs with an average exercise price of Rs.5 per share.

For the years ended
March 31, 2017 and 2016, Rs.398 million and Rs.471 million, respectively, have been recorded as employee share-based payment expense under all of our employee stock incentive plans. As of March 31, 2017, there was
Rs.432 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.95 years. For further information regarding our options and stock option
incentive plans, see Note 20 to our consolidated financial statements.

115

Table of Contents

ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

7.A.
Major shareholders

All of our equity shares have the same voting rights. As of March 31, 2017, a total of 26.79% of our equity shares were
held by the following parties:

•   Mr. G.V. Prasad (Co-Chairman, Managing Director and Chief
Executive Officer);

•   Mr. K. Satish Reddy (Chairman of the Board);

•   Mrs. K. Samrajyam, mother of Mr. K. Satish Reddy, and Mrs. G. Anuradha, wife of
Mr. G.V. Prasad (hereafter collectively referred as the “Family Members”); and

•   Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited (formerly known as Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Private
Limited), a company in which the APS Trust owns 83.11% of the equity and the remainder is held by Mr. G.V. Prasad HUF, Mr. K. Satish Reddy individually and as HUF and the Family Members. Mr. G.V. Prasad, Mr. K. Satish Reddy,
Mrs. G. Anuradha, Mrs. Deepti Reddy and their bloodline descendents are the beneficiaries of the APS Trust. Mr. G.V. Prasad, Mr. K. Satish Reddy, Mrs. G. Anuradha and Mrs. Deepti Reddy are the sole members of the Board
of Directors of Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited. Mr. G.V. Prasad and Mr. K. Satish Reddy are the sole trustees of the APS trust.

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares by the foregoing persons as of
March 31, 2017:

Equity Shares Beneficially Owned (1)
Name   Number of Shares   Percentage of Shares
Dr. Reddy’s Holdings
Limited (2)   40,627,000   24.51   %
Mr. G.V. Prasad (2)   1,344,640   0.81   %
Mr. K. Satish Reddy (2)   1,310,332   0.79   %
Family Members   1,116,856   0.68   %
Subtotal   44,398,828   26.79   %
Others/public float   121,342,885   73.21   %
Total number of shares outstanding   165,741,713   100.00   %

(1)   Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
which provides that shares are beneficially owned by any person who has voting or investment power with respect to the shares. All information with respect to the beneficial ownership of any principal shareholder has been furnished by that
shareholder and, unless otherwise indicated below, we believe that persons named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable.

(2)   The APS Trust owns approximately 83.11% of the equity of Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited, and thus may
be deemed to beneficially own all of the equity shares directly held by Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited. Mr. G.V. Prasad and Mr. K. Satish Reddy are the sole trustees of the APS Trust. Accordingly, each of Mr. G.V. Prasad and
Mr. K. Satish Reddy may be deemed to beneficially own all of the equity shares directly held by Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited. Each of Mr. G.V. Prasad and Mr. K. Satish Reddy disclaims such beneficial ownership pursuant to
Rule 13d-4.

In addition, the Deed of Family Settlement of the
APS Trust provides for the parties thereto to exercise all rights, including voting rights, with respect to their personally held equity shares in accordance with the directions of the board of trustees of the APS Trust. As a result, each of
Mr. K. Satish Reddy and Mr. G.V. Prasad may be deemed to beneficially own all of the equity shares directly held by each other or by any of the other parties to such Deed of Family Settlement. Based on the Amendment No. 2 to Schedule
13D filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2017, such equity shares held by other parties to the Deed of Family Settlement consisted of, in each case as of January 16, 2017, an aggregate of 1,115,360 equity
shares directly held by Mrs. K. Samrajyam (mother of Mr. K. Satish Reddy) and 1,496 equity shares directly held by Mrs. G. Anuradha (wife of Mr. G.V. Prasad). Each of Mr. G.V. Prasad and Mr. K. Satish Reddy disclaims
all such beneficial ownership pursuant to Rule
13d-4.

As otherwise stated above
and to the best of our knowledge, we are not owned or controlled directly or indirectly by any government or by any other corporation or by any other natural or legal persons. We are not aware of any arrangement, the consummation of which may at a
subsequent date result in a change in our control.

116

Table of Contents

The following shareholders held more than 5% of our equity shares as of:

March 31, 2017   March 31, 2016   March 31, 2015
Name   No. of equity shares held   % of equity shares held   No. of equity shares held   % of equity shares held   No. of equity shares held   % of equity shares held
Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited*   40,627,000   24.51   %   39,961,234   23.42   %   39,729,284   23.32   %
First State Investments Management (UK) Limited, Commonwealth Bank of Australia and their
associates**   14,907,551   12.32   %   15,181,101   8.90   %   14,389,390   8.45   %
Oppenheimer Funds Distributor, Inc. and its associates   5,372,121   5.23   %   8,731,914   5.12   %   7,661,494   4.50   %

*   Each of the APS Trust, Mr. G.V. Prasad and Mr. K. Satish Reddy may be deemed to beneficially own all
of the equity shares directly held by Dr. Reddy’s Holdings Limited, as described in footnote (2) to the table on the preceding page.

**   Based on information provided to us by First State Investments Management (UK) Limited, as of March 31, 2017,
they held an additional 2.02% of the aggregate shares of our Company in the form of ADSs in addition to the equity shares listed above.

For the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, the figures in the above table only include Indian equity shares, which were
the only holdings known to the Company.

As of March 31, 2017, we had 165,741,713 outstanding equity shares. As of
March 31, 2017, there were 129,507 record holders of our equity shares listed and traded on the Indian stock exchanges. Our American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”) are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. One ADS represents one equity
share of Rs.5 par value per share. As of March 31, 2017, 16.39% of our issued and outstanding equity shares were held by ADS holders. On March 31, 2017 we had approximately 63 registered shareholders and 15,702 beneficial shareholders of
record in the United States.

7.B.
Related party transactions

Refer to Note 29 of our consolidated financial statements.

7.C.
Interests of experts and counsel

Not applicable.

117

Table of Contents

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION

8.A.
Consolidated statements and other financial information

The following financial statements and auditors’ report appear under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form
20-F
 and are incorporated herein by reference:

•   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

•   Consolidated statement of financial position as of March 31, 2017 and 2016

•   Consolidated income statement for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015

•   Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015

•   Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015

•   Consolidated statement of cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

Our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
20-F
 have been
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. The financial statements included herein are for our three most recent fiscal years.

Amount of Export Sales

For the year ended March 31, 2017, our export revenues (i.e., revenues from all geographies other than India) were
Rs.115,882 million, and accounted for 82% of our total revenues.

Legal Proceedings

Refer to Note 44 of our consolidated financial statements.

Dividend Policy

In the
years ended March 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, we paid cash dividends of Rs.18, Rs.20 and Rs.20 respectively, per equity share. Every year our Board of Directors recommends the amount of dividends to be paid to shareholders, if any, based upon
conditions then existing, including our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. In our Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 12, 2017, the Board of Directors proposed a dividend per share of Rs.20 and
aggregating to Rs.3,315 million plus an additional amount of Rs.675 million, which is intended to equal the applicable dividend tax, all of which is subject to the approval of our shareholders.

Holders of our ADSs are entitled to receive dividends payable on equity shares represented by such ADSs. Cash dividends on
equity shares represented by our ADSs are paid to the depositary in Indian rupees and are converted by the depositary into U.S. dollars and distributed, net of depositary fees, taxes, if any, and expenses, to the holders of such ADSs.

8.B.
Significant changes

Refer to note 46 to our consolidated financial statements.

118

Table of Contents

ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING

9.A.
Offer and listing details

Information Regarding Price History

The following tables set forth the price history for our shares on the BSE Limited (formerly known as the Bombay Stock Exchange
Limited) (“BSE”) and for our ADSs on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”).

BSE   NYSE
Year   Price Per Equity Share (1)   Price Per ADS (1)
Ended March 31,   High (Rs.)   Low (Rs.)   High (U.S.$)   Low (U.S.$)
2013   1,968.60   1,528.00   36.73   27.28
2014   2,939.80   1,766.30   47.93   31.32
2015   3,662.00   2,250.00   59.02   38.23
2016   4,382.95   2,750.00   68.00   40.68
2017   3,689.00   2,560.00   54.73   39.04

BSE   NYSE
Price Per Equity Share (1)   Price Per ADS (1)
Quarter Ended   High (Rs.)   Low (Rs.)   High (U.S.$)   Low (U.S.$)
June 30, 2015   3,808.75   3,250.15   60.85   51.25
September 30, 2015   4,337.00   3,502.45   68.00   55.48
December 31, 2015   4,382.95   2,950.50   68.00   43.41
March 31, 2016   3,280.00   2,750.00   49.40   40.68
June 30, 2016   3,396.70   2,825.00   51.30   41.60
September 30, 2016   3,689.00   2,925.10   54.73   42.52
December 31, 2016   3,394.95   2,842.00   50.10   44.06
March 31, 2017   3,203.95   2,560.00   46.95   39.04

BSE   NYSE
Price Per Equity Share (1)   Price Per ADS (1)
Month Ended   High (Rs.)   Low (Rs.)   High (U.S.$)   Low (U.S.$)
October 31, 2016   3,394.95   2,842.00   49.96   44.92
November 30, 2016   3,357.00   2,960.40   50.10   44.45
December 31, 2016   3,247.00   2,980.00   47.75   44.06
January 31, 2017   3,203.95   2,910.00   46.92   42.78
February 28, 2017   3,175.00   2,803.50   46.95   42.86
March 31, 2017   2,948.00   2,560.00   44.23   39.04

(1)   Source: www.bseindia.com and www.nyse.com, respectively.

9.B. Plan of distribution

Not
applicable.

9.C.
Markets

Markets on Which Our Shares Trade

Our equity shares are traded on the BSE Limited (formerly known as the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited) (“BSE”) and
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”), or collectively, the “Indian Stock Exchanges.” Our American Depositary Shares (or “ADSs”), as evidenced by American Depositary Receipts (or “ADRs”), are traded
in the United States on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), under the ticker symbol “RDY.” Each ADS represents one equity share. Our ADSs began trading on the NYSE on April 11, 2001. Our shareholders approved the delisting
of our shares from the Hyderabad Stock Exchange Limited, The Stock Exchange, Ahmedabad, The Madras Stock Exchange Limited and The Calcutta Stock Exchange Association Limited at the general shareholders meeting held on August 25, 2003.

9.D.
Selling shareholders

Not applicable.

119

Table of Contents

9.E.
Dilution

Not applicable.

9.F.

Expenses of the issue

Not applicable.

ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

10.A.
Share capital

Not applicable.

10.B.

Memorandum and articles of association

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited was
incorporated under the Indian Companies Act, 1956. We are registered with the Registrar of Companies, Hyderabad, Telangana, India, with Company Identification No. L85195AP1984PLC004507. Our company’s registration number changed to
L85195TG1984PLC004507 effective as of June 2, 2014.

Our registered office is located at
8-2-337,
 Road No. 3, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana 500 034, India and the telephone number of our registered office is
+91-40-49002900.
 The summary of our Articles of Association and Memorandum of Association that is included in our registration statement on Form
F-1
 filed with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on April 11, 2001, together with copies of the Articles of Association and Memorandum of Association that are included in our registration statement on Form

F-1,
 are incorporated herein by reference.

The Memorandum and Articles of
Association were amended at the 17th Annual General Meeting held on September 24, 2001, 18th Annual General Meeting held on August 26, 2002, the 20th Annual General Meeting held on July 28, 2004 and the 22nd Annual General Meeting
held on July 28, 2006. A full description of these amendments was given in the Form
20-F
 filed with the SEC on September 30, 2003, September 30, 2004 and October 2, 2006, which description
is incorporated herein by reference. The Memorandum and Articles of Association were amended at the 22nd Annual General Meeting held on July 28, 2006 to increase the authorized share capital in connection with the stock split effected in the
form of a stock dividend that occurred on August 30, 2006.

The Memorandum and Articles of Association were further
amended in accordance with the terms of an Order of the High Court of Judicature, Andhra Pradesh, dated June 12, 2009 to effect an increase in our parent company’s authorized share capital pursuant to the amalgamation of Perlecan Pharma
Private Limited into our parent company. In a related order dated June 12, 2009, the High Court concluded that there was no need to have a shareholders’ meeting in order to affect such amendment.

The Memorandum and Articles of Association were further amended in accordance with the terms of an Order of the High Court of
Judicature, Andhra Pradesh, dated July 19, 2010 to provide for the capitalization or utilization of undistributed profit or retained earnings or security premium account or any other reserve or fund of ours with the approval of our shareholders
in connection with our bonus debentures.

The Memorandum and Articles of Association were amended by adopting a new set of
Articles of Association which replaced and superseded in its entirety the existing Articles of Association of the Company. This was primarily done to align the Articles of Association with the new Companies Act, 2013 and the rules thereunder. This
amendment was approved by our shareholders on September 17, 2015. The new Articles of Association were furnished to the SEC on a Form
6-K
 on September 25, 2015.

10.C.
Material contracts

Asset purchase agreement with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited

On June 10, 2016, we entered into definitive asset purchase agreements with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(“Teva”) and an affiliate of Allergan plc (“Allergan”) to acquire eight Abbreviated New Drug Applications (“ANDAs”) in the United States for U.S.$350 million in cash at closing. The acquired products were divested by
Teva as a precondition to the closing of its acquisition of Allergan’s generics business. The acquisition of these ANDAs was also contingent on the closing of the Teva/Allergan generics purchase transaction and approval by the U.S. Federal
Trade Commission. The acquisition was consummated on August 3, 2016 upon the completion of all closing conditions, and the Company paid U.S.$350 million as the consideration for the acquired ANDAs.

The two asset purchase agreements have been attached as Exhibits 2.6 and 2.7, respectively, to this report on Form 20-F. Each
such agreement has been included to provide you with information regarding its terms. Except for its status as a contractual document that establishes and governs the legal relations among the parties thereto with respect to the asset sale
thereunder, we do not intend for its text to be a source of factual, business or operational information about us. Such agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that are qualified and limited, including by information in the
schedules that the parties delivered in connection with the execution of such agreement. Representations and warranties may be used as a tool to allocate risks between the respective parties to such agreement, including where the parties do not have
complete knowledge of all facts, instead of establishing such matters as facts. Furthermore, the representations and warranties may be subject to different standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties, which may differ from what
may be viewed as material to stockholders. These representations and warranties may or may not have been accurate as of any specific date and do not purport to be accurate as of the date of this report on Form 20-F. You should not rely on its
representations, warranties or covenants as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of us or any of our affiliates.

Other than the foregoing, and other contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, there are no material contracts
to which we or any of our direct and indirect subsidiaries is a party for the two years immediately preceding the date of this Form
20-F.

120

Table of Contents

10.D.
Exchange controls

Foreign investment in Indian securities, whether in the form of foreign direct investment or in the form of portfolio
investment, is governed by the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended (“FEMA”), and the rules, regulations and notifications issued thereunder. Set forth below is a summary of the restrictions on transfers applicable to both
foreign direct investments and portfolio investments, including the requirements under Indian law applicable to the issuance and transfer of ADSs.

Foreign Direct Investment

The Foreign Direct Investment Policy under the Reserve Bank of India’s (“RBI”) Automatic Route enables Indian
companies (other than those specifically excluded thereunder) to issue shares to persons who reside outside of India without prior permission from the RBI, except in cases where there are ceilings of investments in certain industry sectors and
subject to certain conditions.

The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, a part of the Ministry of Commerce and
Industry, issued detailed guidelines in January 1997 for consideration of foreign direct investment proposals by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (the “Guidelines”). The basic objective of the Guidelines is to improve the
transparency and objectivity of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board’s consideration of proposals. However, since these are administrative guidelines and have not been codified as either law or regulations, they are not legally binding with
respect to any recommendation made by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board or with respect to any decision taken by the Government of India in cases involving foreign direct investment.

Under the Guidelines, sector specific guidelines for foreign direct investment and the levels of permitted equity
participation have been established. In February 2000, the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion issued a notification that foreign ownership of up to 50%, 51%, 74% or 100%, depending on the category of industry, would be allowed without
prior permission of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board and, in certain cases, without prior permission of the RBI. Over a period of time, the Government of India has relaxed the restrictions on foreign investment, including the revision of the
investment cap from 26% to 49% in the insurance sector and 74% subject to RBI guidelines for setting up branches/subsidiaries of foreign banks in the private banking sector.

In May 1994, the Government of India announced that purchases by foreign investors of ADSs, as evidenced by ADRs, and foreign
currency convertible bonds of Indian companies would be treated as foreign direct investment in the equity issued by Indian companies for such offerings. Therefore, offerings that involve the issuance of equity that results in Foreign Direct
Investors holding more than the stipulated percentage of direct foreign investments (which depends on the category of industry) would require approval from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.

In addition, offerings by Indian companies of any such securities to foreign investors require Foreign Investment Promotion
Board approval, whether or not the stipulated percentage limit would be reached if the proceeds will be used for investment in specified industries.

For investments in the pharmaceutical sector, the Foreign Direct Investment limit is 100%. However, unlike Foreign Direct
Investments in new pharmaceutical projects (sometimes called “greenfield” investments), Foreign Direct Investments in existing Indian pharmaceutical companies (sometimes called “brownfield” investments) are nonetheless subject to
approval by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board in excess of 74% (which can incorporate conditions for its approval at the time of grant). Thus, foreign ownership of in excess of 74% of our equity shares would be allowed but would require certain
approvals.

Portfolio Investment Scheme

Under Indian law, persons or entities residing outside of India cannot acquire securities of an Indian company listed on a
stock exchange (“Portfolio Investments”) unless such
non-residents
 are (a) persons of Indian nationality or origin residing outside of India (also known as

Non-Resident
 Indians or “NRIs”) or (b) registered Foreign Institutional Investors (“FIIs”) or Foreign Portfolio Investors (“FPIs”).

121

Table of Contents

Portfolio Investments by NRIs

A variety of methods for investing in shares of Indian companies are available to NRIs. These methods allow NRIs to make
Portfolio Investments in existing shares and other securities of Indian companies on a basis not generally available to other foreign investors.

Portfolio Investments by FIIs

In September 1992, the Government of India issued guidelines that enable FIIs, including institutions such as pension funds,
investment trusts, asset management companies, nominee companies and incorporated/institutional portfolio managers, to invest in all of the securities traded on the primary and secondary markets in India. Under the guidelines, FIIs are required to
obtain an initial registration from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), and a general permission from the RBI to engage in transactions regulated under the Foreign Exchange Management Act. FIIs must also comply with the
provisions of the SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors Regulations) 1995. When it receives the initial registration, the FII also obtains general permission from the RBI to engage in transactions regulated under the Foreign Exchange Management Act.
Together, the initial registration and the RBI’s general permission enable the registered FII to: (i) buy (subject to the ownership restrictions discussed below) and sell unrestricted securities issued by Indian companies;
(ii) realize capital gains on investments made through the initial amount invested in India; (iii) participate in rights offerings for shares; (iv) appoint a domestic custodian for custody of investments held; and (v) repatriate
the capital, capital gains, dividends, interest income and any other compensation received pursuant to rights offerings of shares. The current policy with respect to purchase or sale of securities of an Indian company by an FII is in Schedule 2 and
Regulation 5(2) of the Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Securities by a Person Resident Outside India) Regulations, 2000.

Portfolio Investments by FPIs

Effective June 1, 2014, the regime permitting Portfolio Investments by FIIs has been replaced with the SEBI (Foreign
Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014 (the “FPI Regulations”), a new regime permitting Portfolio Investments by Foreign Portfolio Investors (“FPIs”). FPIs are subject to ownership limits in Portfolio Investments, as further
described below, and only certain categories of FPIs may invest or deal in “offshore derivative instruments” (defined under the FPI Regulations as any instrument which is issued overseas by a FPI against underlying securities held by it
that are listed or proposed to be listed on any recognized stock exchange in India). FPIs are required to be registered with the designated depositary participant on behalf of SEBI subject to compliance with “Know Your Customer” rules.

Certain FIIs may continue to remain eligible to make Portfolio Investments for a limited time under the transition rules.
Any FII or Qualified Foreign Investor (“QFI”) who holds a valid certificate of registration will be deemed to be a FPI until the expiration of three years from the date on which fees have been paid per the Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995. All existing FIIs and sub accounts, subject to payment of conversion fees specified in the FPI Regulations, may continue to buy, sell or otherwise deal in securities subject to the
provisions of the FPI Regulations, until the earlier of (i) expiration of its registration as a FII or
sub-account,
 or (ii) obtaining a certificate of registration as a FPI. Effective as of
June 1, 2015, a QFI must obtain a certificate of registration as a FPI in order to be eligible to buy, sell or otherwise deal in securities.

Subject to compliance with the FPI Regulations, a FPI may issue or otherwise deal in “offshore derivative
instruments” (defined under the FPI Regulations as any instrument, by whatever name called, which is issued overseas by a FPI against securities held by it that are listed or proposed to be listed on any recognized stock exchange in India, as
its underlying) directly or indirectly, only in the event (i) such offshore derivative instruments are issued only to persons who are regulated by an appropriate regulatory authority; and (ii) such offshore derivative instruments are
issued after compliance with “know your client” norms. Offshore derivative instruments may not be dealt with by “Category III” FPIs, or by unregulated broad based funds which are classified as “Category II” FPIs by
virtue of their investment manager being appropriately regulated. A FPI is also required to ensure that no further issue or transfer of any offshore derivative instrument is made by or on behalf of it to any persons that are not regulated by an
appropriate foreign regulatory authority.

In furtherance of the FPI Regulations, the RBI amended relevant provisions of
Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Resident outside India) Regulations, 2000 by a notification dated March 13, 2014. The portfolio investor registered in accordance with the FPI Regulations would be called a
“Registered Foreign Portfolio Investor” (or “RFPI”). Accordingly, a RFPI may purchase and sell shares and convertible debentures of an Indian company through a registered broker as well as purchase shares and convertible
debentures offered to the public under the FPI Regulations.

122

Table of Contents

Further, a RFPI may sell shares or convertible debentures so acquired (i) in an open offer
in accordance with the Securities Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; or (ii) in an open offer in accordance with the Securities Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares)
Regulations, 2009; or (iii) through buyback of shares by a listed Indian company in accordance with the Securities Exchange Board of India
(Buy-back
 of Securities) Regulations, 1998. A RFPI may also
acquire shares or convertible debentures (i) in any bid for, or acquisition of securities in response to an offer for disinvestment of shares made by the central government or any state government of India; or (ii) in any transaction in
securities pursuant to an agreement entered into with merchant banker in the process of market making or subscribing to unsubscribed portion of the issue in accordance with Chapter XB of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2009.

Ownership restrictions

The SEBI and the RBI regulations restrict portfolio investments in Indian companies by FIIs, NRIs, RFPIs and OCBs, all of which
we refer to as “foreign portfolio investors.” Under current Indian law, FIIs or FPIs may in the aggregate hold not more than 24.0% of the equity shares of an Indian company, and NRIs in the aggregate may hold not more than 10.0% of the
shares of an publicly traded Indian company through portfolio investments. The 24.0% limit referred to above can be increased to sectoral cap/statutory limits as applicable if a resolution is passed by the board of directors of the company followed
by a special resolution passed by the shareholders of the company to that effect. The 10.0% limit referred to above may be increased to 24.0% if the shareholders of the company pass a special resolution to that effect.

No single FII or FPI may hold more than 10.0% of the shares of an Indian company and no single NRI may hold more than 5.0% of
the shares of an Indian company. If multiple entities have at least 50% overlap in their ownership (direct or ultimate beneficial owners), then such entities shall be treated as part of the same group and the above percentage of FPI investment limit
shall apply to the entire group as if they were a single FPI.

Our shareholders have passed a resolution enhancing the
limits of portfolio investment by FIIs in the aggregate to 49%. NRIs in the aggregate may hold not more than 10.0% of our equity shares through portfolio investments.

Holders of ADSs are not
subject to the rules governing FIIs or FPIs unless they convert their ADSs into equity shares.

As of March 31, 2017,
FIIs and FPIs collectively held 32.4% of our equity shares and NRIs held 1.15% of our equity shares.

In September 2011,
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) enacted the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 (the “2011 Takeover Code”), which replaces the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and
Takeovers) Regulations, 1997.

Under the 2011 Takeover Code, upon acquisition of shares or voting rights in a publicly
listed Indian company (the “target company”) such that the aggregate shareholding of the acquirer (meaning a person who directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights in the target company, or acquires or
agrees to acquire control over the target company, either alone or together with any persons acting in concert), is 5% or more of the shares of the target company, the acquirer is required to, within two working days of such acquisition, disclose
the aggregate shareholding and voting rights in the target company to the target company and to the stock exchanges in which the shares of the target company are listed.

Furthermore, an acquirer who, together with persons acting in concert with such acquirer, holds shares or voting rights
entitling them to 5% or more of the shares or voting rights in a target company must disclose every sale or acquisition of shares representing 2% or more of the shares or voting rights of the target company to the target company and to the stock
exchanges in which the shares of the target company are listed within two working days of such acquisition or sale or receipt of intimation of allotment of such shares.

Every acquirer, who together with persons acting in concert with such acquirer, holds shares or voting rights entitling such
acquirer to exercise 25% or more of the voting rights in a target company, has to disclose to the target company and to stock exchanges in which the shares of the target company are listed, their aggregate shareholding and voting rights as of the
thirty-first day of March, in such target company within seven working days from the end of the financial year of that company.

123

Table of Contents

The acquisition of shares or voting rights that entitles the acquirer to exercise
25% or more of the voting rights in or control over the target company triggers a requirement for the acquirer to make an open offer to acquire additional shares representing at least 26% of the total shares of the target company for an offer price
determined as per the provisions of the 2011 Takeover Code. The acquirer is required to make a public announcement for an open offer on the date on which it is agreed to acquire such shares or voting rights. Such open offer shall only be for such
number of shares as is required to adhere to the maximum permitted
non-public
 shareholding.

Since we are a listed company in India, the provisions of the 2011 Takeover Code will apply to us and to any person acquiring
our ADSs, equity shares or voting rights in our company.

Pursuant to the 2011 Takeover Code, we must report to the Indian
stock exchanges on which our equity shares are listed, any disclosures made to us under 2011 Takeover Code.

Holders of
ADSs may be required to comply with such notification and disclosure obligations pursuant to the provisions of the Deposit Agreement entered into by such holders, our company and the depositary of our ADRs.

Subsequent transfer of shares

A person resident outside India holding the shares or debentures of an Indian company may transfer the shares or debentures so
held by him, in compliance with the conditions specified in the relevant Schedule of Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Resident outside India) Regulations, 2000 (the “Foreign Exchange Management
Regulations”) as follows:

(i)   A person resident outside India, not being a NRI or an OCB, may transfer by way of sale or gift, the shares or
convertible debentures held by him or it to any person resident outside India;

(ii)   A NRI may transfer by way of sale or gift, the shares or convertible debentures held by that person to another
NRI; provided that the person to whom the shares are being transferred has obtained prior permission of the Government of India to acquire the shares if he has a previous venture or tie up in India through an investment in shares or debentures or a
technical collaboration or a trade mark agreement or investment by whatever name called in the same field or allied field in which the Indian company whose shares are being transferred is engaged. Provided further that the restriction in clauses
(i) and (ii) shall not apply to the transfer of shares to international financial institutions such as Asian Development Bank (“ADB”), International Finance Corporation (“IFC”), Commonwealth Development Corporation
(“CDC”), Deutsche Entwicklungs Gesselschaft (“DEG”) and transfer of shares of an Indian company engaged in the Information Technology sector.However, a transfer of shares from a NRI to a non-resident (who is not a not a NRI or OCB) requires the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India.

(iii)   A person resident outside India holding the shares or convertible debentures of an Indian company in
accordance with the Foreign Exchange Management Regulations, (a) may transfer such shares or convertible debentures to a person resident in India by way of gift; or (b) may sell such shares or convertible debentures on a recognized Stock
Exchange in India through a registered broker.

Restrictions for subsequent transfers of shares of
Indian companies between residents and
non-residents
 (other than OCBs) were relaxed significantly as of October 2004. As a result, for a transfer between a resident and a

non-resident
 of securities of an Indian company, no prior approval of either the RBI or the Government of India is required, as long as certain conditions are met.

ADS guidelines

Shares of Indian companies represented by ADSs may be approved for issuance to foreign investors by the Government of India
under the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through Depositary Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 (the “1993 Scheme”), as modified from time to time, promulgated by the Government of India. The 1993 Scheme is in
addition but without prejudice to the other policies or facilities, as described below, relating to investments in Indian companies by foreign investors. The issuance of ADSs pursuant to the 1993 Scheme also affords to holders of the ADSs the
benefits of Section 115AC of the Income Tax Act, 1961 for purpose of the application of Indian tax laws. In March 2001, the RBI issued a notification permitting, subject to certain conditions,
two-way

fungibility of ADSs. This notification provides that ADSs converted into Indian shares can be converted back into ADSs, subject to compliance with certain requirements and the limits of sectorial caps.

124

Table of Contents

The Ministry of Finance, Government of India, enacted The Depository Receipts
Scheme, 2014 (the “Depository Receipts Scheme”) effective as of December 15, 2014. In order to facilitate the issuance of depository receipts by Indian companies outside India, the Depository Receipts Scheme repeals the former
provisions dealing with depository receipts in the Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through Depositary Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993. The Depository Receipts Scheme now governs the issue or transfer of permissible securities
to a foreign depository by eligible persons and defines the rights and duties of a foreign depository and obligations of a domestic custodian. While the Depository Receipts Scheme has not been fully implemented yet, below is a brief summary of some
of the key provisions.

There are certain relaxations provided under the Depository Receipts Scheme subject to prior
approval of the Ministry of Finance. For example, a registered broker is permitted to purchase shares of an Indian company on behalf of a person resident outside of India for the purpose of converting those shares into ADSs. However, such conversion
is subject to compliance with the provisions of the Depository Receipts Scheme and the periodic guidelines issued by the regulatory authorities. Therefore depository receipts converted into Indian shares may be converted back into depository
receipts, subject to certain limits of sectorial caps.

Under the Depository Receipts Scheme, a foreign depository may
take instructions from depository receipts holders to exercise the voting rights with respect to the underlying equity securities. Additionally, a domestic custodian has been defined to include a custodian of securities, an Indian depository, a
depository participant or a bank having permission from SEBI to provide services as custodian. Further, the Depository Receipts Scheme provides that the aggregate of permissible securities which may be issued or transferred to foreign depositories
for issue of depository receipts, along with permissible securities already held by persons resident outside India, shall not exceed the limit on foreign holding of such permissible securities under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999.

The Department of Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance made amendments to certain provisions of the Securities Contracts
(Regulation) Rules, 1957 vide Securities Contracts (Regulation) (Amendment) Rules, 2015, on February 25, 2015. An amended definition of “public shareholding” has introduced to define equity shares of the Company held by the public to
include shares underlying depository receipts if the holder of such depository receipts has the right to issue voting instruction and such depository receipts are listed on an international stock exchange in accordance with the Depository Receipts
Scheme.

Fungibility of ADSs

A registered broker in India can purchase shares of an Indian company that issued ADSs, on behalf of a person residing outside
India, for the purposes of converting the shares into ADSs.

The Depository Receipts Scheme states that the aggregate of
permissible securities which may be issued or transferred to foreign depositories for issue of depository receipts, along with permissible securities already held by persons resident outside lndia, shall not exceed the limit on foreign holding of
such permissible securities under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999. However, the Depository Receipts Scheme has not yet been fully implemented.

Transfer of ADSs

A person resident outside India may transfer ADSs held in an Indian company to another person resident outside India without
any permission. A person resident in India is not permitted to hold ADSs of an Indian company, except in connection with the exercise of stock options.

Shareholders resident outside India who intend to sell or otherwise transfer equity shares within India should seek the advice
of Indian counsel to understand the requirements applicable at that time.

The RBI placed various restrictions on the
eligibility of OCBs to make investments in Indian companies in AP (DIR) Series Circular No. 14 dated September 16, 2003. For further information on these restrictions, the circular is available on www.rbi.org.in for review.

125

Table of Contents

10.E.
Taxation

Indian Taxation

General.
The following summary is based on the law and practice of the

Income-tax
 Act, 1961 (the
“Income-tax
 Act”), including the special tax regime contained in Sections 115AC and 115ACA of the

Income-tax
 Act read with the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (through Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 (collectively, the

“Income-tax
 Act Scheme”), as amended on January 19, 2000. The
Income-tax
 Act is amended every year by the Finance Act of the relevant year. Some or all of
the tax consequences of Sections 115AC and 115ACA may be amended or changed by future amendments to the
Income-tax
 Act.

We believe this information is materially complete as of the date hereof. However, this summary is not intended to constitute
an authoritative analysis of the individual tax consequences to
non-resident
 holders or employees under Indian law for the acquisition, ownership and sale of ADSs and equity shares.

EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO TAXATION IN INDIA OR THEIR RESPECTIVE LOCATIONS ON
ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP OR DISPOSING OF EQUITY SHARES OR ADSS.

Residence.
For purposes of the
Income-tax
 Act, an individual is considered to be a resident of India during any fiscal year (i.e., April 1 to March 31) if he or she is in India in that year for:

•   a period or periods of at least 182 days; or

•   at least 60 days and, within the four preceding fiscal years has been in India for a period or periods
amounting to at least 365 days.

The period of 60 days referred to above shall be 182 days in case of a
citizen of India or a Person of Indian Origin living outside India for the purpose of employment outside India who is visiting India.

The Finance Act 2016 amended section 6 of the
Income-tax
 Act. Pursuant to the amended
provision, a company is deemed to be a resident in India in any previous year, if (i) it is a company formed under the laws of India; or (ii) its place of effective management, in that year, is in India. For such purposes, “place of
effective management” means a place where key management and commercial decisions that are necessary for the conduct of business of an entity as a whole are in substance made.

Individuals and companies that are not residents of India are treated as
non-residents

for purposes of the
Income-tax
 Act.

Taxation of Distributions.

a)   As per Section 10(34) of the Income-tax Act, dividends
paid by Indian companies to their shareholders are not subject to tax in the hands of the shareholders, except as discussed in paragraph (b) below. For periods prior to March 31, 2013, Indian companies were liable to pay a dividend
distribution tax (“DDT”) at the rate of 16.22%, inclusive of applicable surcharges and a special levy called the “Education and Higher Education Cess” (hereinafter, the “education cess”). Effective April 1, 2013,
the Finance Act, 2013 increased the surcharge on the DDT from 5% to 10%, which resulted in an increase in the effective rate of DDT from 16.22% to 16.995%. The Finance Act (No 2) 2014 amended section 115-O, which requires grossing up of the dividend amount distributed for purposes of computing DDT. Pursuant to the amendment, effective October 1, 2014, the effective rate of DDT increased from 16.995% to 19.994%, inclusive of surcharge and cess, and
as a result, dividend amounts receivable by our shareholders after taxes are reduced. Furthermore, as a result of the increase in rate of surcharge in the Finance Act, 2015, effective April 1, 2015, the effective rate of DDT has further
increased from 19.994% to 20.3576%.

b)   Dividends received by resident individuals, HUFs or firms exceeding Rs.1,000,000 are taxable at a 10%
rate. This tax will not be withheld by the company paying the dividend and has to be paid by the shareholder receiving such dividend.

c)   Any distributions of additional ADSs or equity shares by way of bonus shares (i.e., stock dividends) to
resident or non- resident holders will not be subject to Indian tax.

Taxation of Capital Gains.
The following is a brief summary of capital gains taxation of

non-resident
 holders and resident employees relating to the sale of ADSs and equity shares received upon redemption of ADSs. The relevant provisions are contained mainly in sections 10(36), 10(38), 45,
47(viia), 111A, 115AC and 115ACA, of the
Income-tax
 Act, in conjunction with the Income- tax Scheme.
You should consult your own tax advisor concerning the tax consequences of your particular situation.

126

Table of Contents

A
non-resident
 investor transferring our
ADS or equity shares outside India to a
non-resident
 investor will not be liable for income taxes arising from capital gains on such ADS or equity shares under the provisions of the
Income-tax
 Act in certain circumstances. Equity shares (including equity shares issuable on the conversion of the ADSs) held by the
non-resident
 investor for a period of more
than 12 months are treated as long-term capital assets. If the equity shares are held for a period of less than 12 months from the date of conversion of the ADSs, the capital gains arising on the sale thereof is to be treated as short-term capital
gains.

Capital gains are taxed as follows:

•   gains from a sale of ADSs outside India by a non-resident to
another non-resident are not taxable in India;

•   long-term capital gains realized by a resident and an employee from the transfer of the ADSs will be
subject to tax at the rate of 10%, plus the applicable surcharge and education cess; short-term capital gains on such a transfer will be taxed at graduated rates with a maximum of 30%, plus the applicable surcharge and education cess;

•   long-term capital gains realized by a non-resident upon the
sale of equity shares obtained from the conversion of ADSs are subject to tax at a rate of 10%, excluding the applicable surcharge and education cess; and short-term capital gains on such a transfer will be taxed at the rate of tax applicable to the
seller; and

•   long-term capital gain realized by a non-resident upon the sale
of equity shares obtained from the conversion of ADSs is exempt from tax and any short term capital gain is taxed at 15%, excluding the applicable surcharge and education cess, if the sale of such equity shares is settled on a recognized stock
exchange and securities transaction tax (“STT”) is paid on such sale.

As per the Finance Act,
2015, the rate of surcharge for Indian companies having total taxable income exceeding Rs.10,000,000 but not exceeding Rs.100,000,000 is 7% and in the case of Indian companies whose total taxable income is greater than Rs.100,000,000, the applicable
surcharge is 12%. For foreign companies, the rate of surcharge is 2% if the total taxable income exceeds Rs.10,000,000 but does not exceed Rs.100,000,000 and it is 5% if the total taxable income of the foreign company exceeds Rs.100,000,000.

The Finance Act, 2016 has increased the surcharge for individuals having income exceeding Rs.10,000,000 from 12% to 15%.

As per the Finance Act, 2017, the rate of surcharge for every individual or    Hindu undivided family or
association of persons or body of individuals, whether incorporated or not, or every artificial juridical person referred to in
sub-clause
 (vii) of clause (31) of section 2 of the
Income-tax
 Act having income exceeding Rs.5,000,000 but not exceeding Rs.10,000,000 is 10%.

All assessees, including individuals, whose advance tax payable is Rs.10,000 or more during the year are required to pay
advance tax in four installments as follows:

Due Date of Installment   Amount Payable
On or before June 15   Not less than 15% of such advance tax.
On or before September 15   Not less than 45% of such advance tax, as reduced by the amounts (if any) paid in earlier installments.
On or before December 15   Not less than 75% of such advance tax, as reduced by the amounts (if any) paid in earlier installments.
On or before March 15   The whole amount of such advance tax, as reduced by the amounts (if any) paid in earlier installments.

As per Section 10(38) of the
Income-tax
 Act, long
term capital gains arising from the transfer of equity shares on or after October 1, 2004 in a company completed through a recognized stock exchange in India and on which sale the STT has been paid are exempt from Indian tax. The Finance Act,
2017 amended section 10(38) to provide that exemption under this section for capital gains arising upon the transfer of equity shares acquired on or after October 1, 2004 shall not be available if STT is not chargeable on the acquisition of
such equity shares, unless the acquisition of equity shares falls within the scope of certain STT payment exceptions specified by the Central Government in a notification.

As per Section 111A of the
Income-tax
 Act, short term capital gains arising from
the transfer of equity shares on or after October 1, 2004 in a company completed through a recognized stock exchange in India are subject to tax at a rate of 15%, plus applicable surcharge and education cess.

127

Table of Contents

As per the Finance Act, 2004, as modified by the Finance Act, 2008 and the
Finance Act, 2013, in a sale and purchase of securities entered into through a recognized stock exchange, a Securities Transaction Tax (“STT”) may be imposed upon one or both of the parties as follows:

•   With respect to a sale and purchase of equity shares (i) both the buyer and seller are required to pay a
STT at the rate of 0.1% of the transaction value of the securities, if the transaction is a delivery based transaction (i.e., the transaction involves actual delivery or transfer of shares); or (ii) the seller of the shares is required to pay a
STT at the rate of 0.025% of the transaction value of the securities, if the transaction is a non-delivery based transaction (i.e., the transaction is settled without taking delivery of the shares).

•   With respect to a sale and purchase of an option with respect to securities (i) upon the sale of the
option, the seller is required to pay a STT at the rate of 0.05% of the option premium; and (ii) upon exercise of the option, the buyer is required to pay a STT at the rate of 0.125% of the settlement price.

•   With respect to a sale and purchase of futures with respect to securities, the seller is required to pay a STT
at the rate of 0.01% of the transaction value.

The applicable provisions of the Income Tax Act, in the
case of
non-residents,
 may offset the above taxes, except the STT. The capital gains tax is computed by applying the appropriate tax rates to the difference between the sale price and the purchase price of the
equity shares or ADSs. Under the
Income-tax
 Scheme, the purchase price of equity shares in an Indian listed company received in exchange for ADSs will be the market price of the underlying shares on the date
that the Depositary gives notice to the custodian of the delivery of the equity shares in exchange for the corresponding ADSs, or the “stepped up” basis purchase price. The market price will be the price of the equity shares prevailing on
the Stock Exchange, Mumbai or the National Stock Exchange. There is no corresponding provision under the
Income-tax
 Act in relation to the “stepped up” basis for the purchase price of equity shares.
However, the tax department in India has not denied this benefit. In the event that the tax department denies this benefit, the original purchase price of ADSs would be considered the purchase price for computing the capital gains tax.

According to the
Income-tax
 Scheme, a

non-resident
 holder’s holding period for the purposes of determining the applicable Indian capital gains tax rate relating to equity shares received in exchange for ADSs commences on the date of the
notice of the redemption by the Depositary to the custodian. However, the
Income-tax
 Scheme does not address this issue in the case of resident employees, and it is therefore unclear as to when the holding
period for the purposes of determining capital gains tax commences for such a resident employee.

It is unclear as to
whether section 115AC of the Income Tax Act and the rest of the
Income-tax
 Scheme are applicable to a
non-
 resident who acquires equity shares outside India from a
non-resident
 holder of equity shares after receipt of the equity shares upon redemption of the ADSs.

It is unclear as to whether capital gains derived from the sale of subscription rights or other rights by a
non-resident
 holder not entitled to an exemption under a tax treaty will be subject to Indian capital gains tax. If such subscription rights or other rights are deemed by the Indian tax authorities to be situated
within India, the gains realized on the sale of such subscription rights or other rights will be subject to Indian taxation. The capital gains realized on the sale of such subscription rights or other rights, which will generally be in the nature of
short-term capital gains, will be subject to tax (i) at variable rates with a maximum rate of 40%, excluding the prevailing surcharge and education cess, in the case of a foreign company and (ii) at the rate of 30% excluding the prevailing
surcharge and education cess in the case of resident employees.

Withholding Tax on Capital Gains.
Any gain
realized by a
non-resident
 or resident employee on the sale of equity shares is subject to Indian capital gains tax, which, in the case of a
non-resident
 is to be
withheld at the source by the buyer. However, as per the provisions of Section 196D(2) of the
Income-tax
 Act, no withholding tax is required to be deducted from any income by way of capital gains arising
to FIIs (as defined in Section 115AD of the Act) on the transfer of securities (as defined in Section 115AD of the Act).

Buy-back
 of Securities.
Indian companies are not subject to any tax on the
buy-back
 of their shares. However, the shareholders are taxed on any resulting gains. We are required to deduct tax at the source according to the capital gains tax liability of a

non-resident
 shareholder. Furthermore, in the case of a
buy-back
 of unlisted securities as per section 115QA of the Finance Act 2013, unlisted domestic companies are
subject to tax on the
buy-back
 of their securities. However, section 10(34A) of the Finance Act 2013 exempts shareholders from the gain, if any, arising from such transaction.

128

Table of Contents

Stamp Duty and Transfer Tax.
Upon issuance of the equity shares underlying
our ADSs, we are required to pay a stamp duty of Rs.0.3 per share certificate evidencing such underlying equity shares. A transfer of ADSs is not subject to Indian stamp duty. A sale of equity shares in physical form by a
non-resident
 holder is also subject to Indian stamp duty at the rate of 0.25% of the market value of the equity shares on the trade date, although customarily such duty is borne by the transferee. Shares must be
traded in dematerialized form. The issuance or transfer of shares in dematerialized form is currently not subject to stamp duty.

Wealth Tax
: Wealth Tax has been abolished with effect from April 1, 2015.

Gift Tax and Estate Duty.
Currently, there are no gift taxes or estate duties. These taxes and duties could be restored
in future.
Non-resident
 holders are advised to consult their own tax advisors regarding this issue.

Service Tax.
Brokerage fees or commissions paid to stockbrokers in connection with the sale or purchase of shares is
subject to a service tax of 12.36%. The stockbroker is responsible for collecting the service tax from the shareholder and paying it to the relevant authority. Effective June 1, 2015, the Finance Act 2015 increased the rate of service tax from
12.36% (inclusive of surcharge and cess) to a consolidated rate of 14%. Furthermore, effective November 2015, the service tax of 14% was increased by an additional 0.5% cess called the “Swatch Bharat Cess” to a consolidated rate of 14.50%.
Effective June 1, 2016, the Finance Act 2016 further increased the service tax rate to 15% through introduction of another 0.5% cess called the “Krishi Kalyan Cess”.

Material United States Federal Income and Estate Tax Consequences

The following is intended only as a descriptive summary of the material U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences that
may be relevant with respect to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our equity shares or ADSs and is for general information only and does not purport to be a complete analysis or listing of all potential tax effects relevant to the
ownership or disposition of our equity shares or ADSs. This summary addresses the U.S. federal income and estate tax considerations of holders that are U.S. holders. “U.S. holders” are beneficial holders of our equity shares or ADSs who
are (i) citizens or residents of the United States, (ii) corporations (or other entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal tax purposes) created in or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States or any
state thereof or any political subdivision thereof or therein, (iii) estates, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source, and (iv) trusts having a valid election to be treated as U.S. persons in
effect under U.S. Treasury Regulations or for which a U.S. court exercises primary supervision and a U.S. person has the authority to control all substantial decisions.

This summary is limited to U.S. holders who will hold our equity shares or ADSs as capital assets (generally, property held
for investment). In addition, this summary is limited to U.S. holders who are not residents in India for purposes of the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of India for the Avoidance
of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion With Respect to Taxes on Income. If a partnership, including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, holds our equity shares or ADSs, the tax treatment of a
partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and upon the activities of the partnership. A partner in a partnership holding our equity shares or ADSs should consult his, her or its own tax advisor regarding the tax treatment of an
investment in our equity shares or ADSs.

This summary does not address tax considerations applicable to holders that may
be subject to special tax rules, such as banks, insurance companies, certain financial institutions, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, broker dealers, traders in securities that elect to use the
mark–to-market
 method of accounting, United States expatriates, persons liable for alternative minimum tax, persons holding our equity shares or ADSs through partnerships or other pass-through entities, persons
that have a “functional currency” other than the U.S. dollars,
tax-exempt
 entities, persons that will hold our equity shares or ADSs as a position in a “straddle” or as part of a
“hedging” or “conversion” transaction for tax purposes or holders of 10% or more, by voting power or value, of our shares. This summary is based on the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and as in effect on the date
of this Annual Report on Form
20-F
 and on United States Treasury Regulations in effect or, in some cases, proposed, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form
20-F,
 as
well as judicial and administrative interpretations thereof available on or before such date, and is based in part on the assumption that each obligation in the deposit agreement and any related agreement will be performed in accordance with its
terms. All of the foregoing is subject to change, which change could apply retroactively, or the Internal Revenue Service may interpret existing authorities differently, any of which could affect the tax consequences described below. This summary
does not address the U.S. federal tax laws other than income or estate tax, and does not address U.S. state or local or
non-U.S.
 tax laws.

129

Table of Contents

EACH INVESTOR OR PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT HIS, HER OR ITS OWN TAX
ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND
NON-U.S.
 TAX CONSEQUENCES OF ACQUIRING, OWNING OR DISPOSING OF OUR EQUITY SHARES OR ADSs.

Ownership of ADSs
. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, holders of our ADSs will generally be treated as the holders
of equity shares represented by such ADSs.

Dividends
. Subject to the passive foreign investment company rules
described below, except for our equity shares or ADSs, if any, distributed pro rata to all of our shareholders, including holders of our ADSs, the gross amount of any distributions of cash or property with respect to our equity shares or ADSs
(before reduction for any Indian withholding taxes) will generally be included in income by a U.S. holder as foreign source dividend income at the time of receipt, which in the case of a U.S. holder of ADSs generally should be the date of receipt by
the Depositary, to the extent such distributions are made from our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Such dividends will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction
generally allowed to corporate U.S. holders in respect of dividends received from other United States corporations. To the extent, if any, that the amount of any distribution by us exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits (as
determined under U.S. federal income tax principles) such excess will be treated first as a
tax-free
 return of capital to the extent of the U.S. holder’s tax basis in our equity shares or ADSs, and
thereafter as capital gain.

With respect to certain
non-corporate
 U.S. holders,
subject to certain limitations, including certain limitations based on taxable income and filing status, qualifying dividends paid to
non-corporate
 U.S. holders, including individuals, may be eligible for a
reduced rate of taxation if we are deemed to be a “qualified foreign corporation” for United States federal income tax purposes and certain holding period requirements are met (including the requirement that the
non-corporate
 U.S. holder holds the ADSs for more than 60 days during the
121-day
 period beginning 60 days before the
ex-dividend

date). A qualified foreign corporation includes a foreign corporation if (1) its shares (or, according to legislative history, its ADSs) are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States or (2) it is eligible
for the benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty with the United States. In addition, a corporation is not a qualified foreign corporation if it is a passive foreign investment company (as discussed below) for either its taxable year in
which the dividend is paid or the preceding taxable year. Our ADSs are traded on the New York Stock Exchange, an established securities market in the United States as identified by Internal Revenue Service guidance. Due to the absence of specific
statutory provisions addressing ADSs, however, there can be no assurance that we are a qualified foreign corporation solely as a result of our listing on the New York Stock Exchange. Nonetheless, we may be eligible for benefits under the
comprehensive income tax treaty between India and the United States.

Qualifying dividends will generally be taxed at a
maximum income tax rate of 15% except for U.S. holders who are subject to tax on their income at the income tax rate 39.6%. Qualifying dividends received by U.S. holders whose income tax rate is 39.6% (i.e., with incomes exceeding $415,050 or, in
the case of taxpayers filing joint tax returns, $466,950) will be subject to tax at the rate of 20% on such qualifying dividends. Further, qualifying dividends received by U.S holders whose income tax rate is 15% or lower will be subject to tax at
the rate of 0% on such qualifying dividends. Each U.S. holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the treatment of dividends and such holder’s eligibility for a reduced rate of taxation.

Subject to certain conditions and limitations, any Indian withholding tax imposed upon distributions paid to a U.S. holder
with respect to our equity shares or ADSs may be eligible for credit against the U.S. holder’s federal income tax liability. Alternatively, a U.S. holder may claim a deduction for such amount, but only for a year in which a U.S. holder does not
claim a credit with respect to any foreign income taxes. The overall limitation on foreign taxes eligible for credit is calculated separately with respect to specific classes of income. For this purpose, distributions on our equity shares or ADSs
generally will be foreign source income, and will be “passive category income” or “general category income” for purposes of computing the United States foreign tax credit allowable to a U.S. holder. The rules governing the
foreign tax credit are very complex. You are urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the availability of the foreign tax credit under your particular circumstances.

If dividends are paid in Indian rupees, the amount of the dividend distribution included in the income of a U.S. holder will
be in the U.S. dollar value of the payments made in Indian rupees, determined utilizing the spot exchange rate between Indian rupees and U.S. dollars applicable to the date such dividend is included in the income of the U.S. holder. Generally, any
gain or loss resulting from currency exchange fluctuations during the period from the dividend date to the date such payment is converted into U.S. dollars will be treated as U.S. source ordinary income or loss. You are urged to consult your tax
advisors regarding the taxation of currency gain or loss.

130

Table of Contents

EACH U.S. HOLDER SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWNS TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE TREATMENT OF
DIVIDENDS AND SUCH HOLDER’S ELIGIBILITY FOR REDUCED RATE OF TAXATION UNDER THE LAW IN EFFECT FOR THE YEAR OF THE DIVIDEND.

Sale or exchange of our equity shares or ADSs
. Subject to the passive foreign investment company rules described below,
a U.S. holder generally will recognize gain or loss on the sale or exchange of our equity shares or ADSs equal to the difference between the amount realized on such sale or exchange and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such equity shares
or ADSs, as the case may be. Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term capital gain or loss if such equity shares or ADSs, as the case may be, were held for more than one year (currently long-term capital gains are taxed
at maximum of 20%). Gain or loss, if any, recognized by a U.S. holder generally will be treated as U.S. source passive category income or loss for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. In the case of capital losses, a U.S. holder is eligible to claim a
capital loss deduction subject to significant limitations. If a U.S. holder is unable to claim these losses on its, his or her U.S. Federal Tax Return, the U.S. holder may be eligible to carryover the amount of the unused capital loss to future
years, subject to additional limitations provided under U.S. tax regulations. Capital gains realized by a U.S. holder upon the sale of our equity shares (but not ADSs) may be subject to certain tax in India. See “Taxation-Indian
Taxation-Taxation of Capital Gains.” Due to limitations on foreign tax credits, however, a U.S. holder may not be able to utilize any such taxes as a credit against the U.S. holder’s federal income tax liability.

Estate taxes
. An individual U.S. holder who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal estate tax
purposes may have the value of our equity shares or ADSs held by such holder included in his or her gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes. An individual holder who actually pays Indian estate tax with respect to our equity shares will,
however, be entitled to credit the amount of such tax against his or her U.S. federal estate tax liability, subject to a number of conditions and limitations.

Additional Tax on Investment Income
. U.S. holders that are individuals, estates or trusts and whose income exceeds
certain thresholds (the lesser of the U.S holder’s net investment income or modified adjusted gross income, to that extent such amount in a taxable year exceeds $200,000.00 or, in the case of taxpayers filing joint tax returns, $250,000.00)
will be subject to a 3.8% Medicare contribution tax on unearned income, including, among other things, dividends on, and capital gains from the sale or other taxable disposition of, our equity shares or ADSs, subject to certain limitations and
exceptions.

Backup withholding tax and information reporting requirements
. Any dividends paid on, or proceeds from
a sale of, our equity shares or ADSs to or by a U.S. holder may be subject to U.S. information reporting, and a backup withholding tax (currently at a rate of 28%) may apply unless the holder establishes that he, she or it is an exempt recipient or
provides a U.S. taxpayer identification number and certifies under penalty of perjury that such number is correct and that such holder is not subject to backup withholding and otherwise complies with any applicable backup withholding requirements.

Any amount withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or credit against the holder’s
U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the Internal Revenue Service. Certain U.S. holders are required to report information with respect to their investment in our equity shares or ADSs not
held through a custodial account with a U.S. financial institution on Internal Revenue Service Form 8938, which must be attached to the U.S. holder’s annual income tax return. Investors who fail to report required information could become
subject to substantial penalties. In addition, a U.S. holder should consider the possible obligation to file online a FinCEN Form 114 – Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts Report as a result of holding ordinary shares or ADSs. Each U.S. holder
should consult its tax advisor concerning its obligation to file Internal Revenue Service Form 8938 and/or FinCEN Form 114.

Passive foreign investment company
. A
non-U.S.
 corporation will be classified
as a passive foreign investment company for U.S. Federal income tax purposes if either:

•   75% or more of its gross income for the taxable year is passive income; or

•   on average for the taxable year, 50% or more of the total value of its assets produce or are held for the
production of passive income (as of the end of each quarter of its taxable year).

We do not believe
that we satisfy either of the tests for passive foreign investment company status for the current fiscal year ended March 31, 2017. Because this determination is made on an annual basis and depends on a variety of factors (including the value
of our ADS), no assurance can be given that we will not be considered a passive foreign investment company in future taxable years. If we were to be a passive foreign investment company for any taxable year, U.S. holders would be required to:

•   pay an interest charge together with tax calculated at ordinary income rates on “excess
distributions” (as the term is defined in relevant provisions of the U.S. tax laws) and on any gain on a sale or other disposition of our equity shares or ADSs;

131

Table of Contents

•   if an election is made to be a “qualified electing fund” (as the term is defined in relevant
provisions of the U.S. tax laws), include in their taxable income their pro rata share of undistributed amounts of our income; or

•   if the equity shares are “marketable” and a mark-to-market election is made, to mark-to-market the equity shares each taxable year and recognize ordinary gain and, to the
extent of prior ordinary gain, recognize ordinary loss for the increase or decrease in market value for such taxable year.

If we are treated as a passive foreign investment company, we do not plan to provide information necessary for the U.S. holder
to make a “qualified electing fund” election.

In addition, certain information reporting obligations (i.e.,
filing Internal Revenue Service Form 8621) may apply to U.S holders if we are determined to be a passive foreign investment company.

THE ABOVE SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE OWNERSHIP,
ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF OUR EQUITY SHARES OR ADSs. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR CONCERNING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU BASED ON YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION.

10.F.
Dividends and paying agents

Not applicable.

10.G.

Statements by experts

Not applicable.

10.H.
Documents on display

This report and other information filed or to be filed by us can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities
maintained by the SEC at Room 1200, 450 Fifth Street, Washington, DC, U.S.A. These reports and other information may also be accessed via the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov
.

Additionally, documents referred to in this Form
20-F
 may be inspected at our
corporate office, which is located at
8-2-337,
 Road No. 3, Banjara Hills, Hyderabad, Telangana, 500 034, India.

10.I.
Subsidiary information

Not applicable.

132

Table of Contents

ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK

Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings or fair values or future cash flows that may
result from a change in the price of a financial instrument. The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and other market changes that affect market risk sensitive
instruments. Market risk is attributable to all market risk sensitive financial instruments including foreign currency receivables and payables and long term debt. We are exposed to market risk primarily related to foreign exchange rate risk,
interest rate risk and the market value of our investments. Thus, our exposure to market risk is a function of investing and borrowing activities and revenue generating and operating activities in foreign currency. The objective of market risk
management is to avoid excessive exposure in our foreign currency revenues and costs.

Our Board of Directors and its
Audit Committee are responsible for overseeing our risk assessment and management policies. Our major market risks of foreign exchange, interest rate and counter-party risk are managed centrally by our group treasury department, which evaluates and
exercises independent control over the entire process of market risk management.

We have a written treasury policy, and
we do regular reconciliations of our positions with our counter-parties. In addition, internal audits of the treasury function are performed at regular intervals.

Components of Market Risk

Foreign Exchange Rate
Risk

Our foreign exchange risk arises from our foreign operations, foreign currency revenues and expenses
(primarily in U.S. dollars, Russian roubles, British pound sterling and Euros) and foreign currency borrowings in U.S. dollars, Russian roubles and Euros. A significant portion of our revenues are in these foreign currencies, while a significant
portion of our costs are in Indian rupees. As a result, if the value of the Indian rupee appreciates relative to these foreign currencies, our revenues measured in Indian rupees may decrease. The exchange rate between the Indian rupee and these
foreign currencies has changed substantially in recent periods and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future. Consequently, we use both derivative and
non-derivative
 financial instruments, such as
foreign exchange forward contracts, option contracts, currency swap contracts and foreign currency financial liabilities, to mitigate the risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates in respect of our highly probable forecasted transactions
and recognized assets and liabilities. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

We had the following derivative financial instruments to hedge the foreign exchange rate risk as of March 31, 2017:

Category   Instrument   Currency   Cross Currency   Amounts in millions   Buy/Sell
Hedges of recognized assets and liabilities   Forward contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   193.5   Sell
Forward contract   U.S.$   RON   U.S.$   3.0   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   RUB   U.S.$   20.0   Buy
Forward contract   EUR   U.S.$   EUR   95.0   Sell
Forward contract   GBP   U.S.$   GBP   14.1   Buy
Option contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   80.0   Sell
Hedges of highly probable forecasted transactions   Forward contract   RUB   INR   RUB   150.0   Sell
Option contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   180.0   Sell

Sensitivity Analysis of Exchange Rate Risk.

In respect of our forward, option and currency swap contracts, a 10% decrease/increase in the respective exchange rates of each
of the currencies underlying such contracts would have resulted in an approximately Rs.1,154/(710) million increase/(decrease) in our hedging reserve and an approximately Rs.2,143/(2,287) million increase/(decrease) in our net profit as at
March 31, 2017.

For a detailed analysis of our foreign exchange rate risk, please refer to Notes 30 and 31 in our
consolidated financial statements.

133

Table of Contents

Commodity Rate Risk

Our exposure to market risk with respect to commodity prices primarily arises from the fact that we are a purchaser and seller
of active pharmaceutical ingredients and the components for such active pharmaceutical ingredients. These are commodity products whose prices can fluctuate sharply over short periods of time. The prices of our raw materials generally fluctuate in
line with commodity cycles, though the prices of raw materials used in our active pharmaceutical ingredients business are generally more volatile. Raw material expense forms the largest portion of our operating expenses. We evaluate and manage our
commodity price risk exposure through our operating procedures and sourcing policies. We have not entered into any material derivative contracts to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices.

Interest Rate Risk

As of March 31, 2017, we had loans of Rs.41,407 million carrying a floating interest rate. These loans expose us to
risks of changes in interest rates. Our treasury department monitors the interest rate movement and manages the interest rate risk based on its policies, which include entering into interest rate swaps as considered necessary.

Interest Rate Profile
.

The interest rate profile of our short term borrowings from banks is as follows:

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Currency   Interest Rate   Currency   Interest Rate
Packing credit borrowings   USD   LIBOR + (30) to 1 bps   USD   LIBOR + (5) to 15 bps
USD   0.01%   —   —
INR   T-Bill + 30bps   EURO   LIBOR + 5 to 7.5 bps
INR   6.92% to 6.95%   —   —
RUB   9.95%   RUB   10.65% to 11.57%
Other foreign currency borrowings   USD   LIBOR + 40 to 60 bps   USD   LIBOR + 40 bps
RUB   10.48%   —   —

The interest rate profile of our long-term loans and borrowings is as follows:

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Currency   Interest Rate   Currency   Interest Rate
Foreign currency borrowings   USD   LIBOR + 82.7 bps   USD   LIBOR + 125 bps

Maturity profile
.

The aggregate maturities of interest-bearing long term loans and borrowings, based on contractual maturities, as of
March 31, 2017 are as follows:

Maturing in the year ending March 31,   Foreign currency loan   Obligations under finance leases   Total
2018   Rs.   —   Rs.   110   Rs.   110
2019   —   56   56
2020   1,610   51   1,661
2021   3,242   53   3,295
2022   —   57   57
Thereafter   —   380   380
Rs.   4,852   Rs.   707   Rs.   5,559

Counter-party risk encompasses settlement risk on derivative contracts and credit risk on cash
and term deposits (i.e., certificates of deposit). Exposure to these risks is closely monitored and kept within predetermined parameters. Our group treasury department does not expect any losses from

non-performance
 by these counter-parties.

134

Table of Contents

ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES

A. Debt Securities.

Not
applicable.

B. Warrants and Rights.

Not applicable.

C. Other
Securities.

Not applicable.

D. American Depositary Shares.

Fees and Charges
for Holders of American Depositary Shares

J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the depositary for our ADSs (the
“Depositary”), collects fees for the issuance and cancellation of ADSs from the holders of our ADSs, or intermediaries acting on their behalf, against the deposit or withdrawal of ordinary shares in the custodian account. The Depositary
also collects the following fees from holders of ADRs or intermediaries acting in their behalf:

Category (as defined by SEC)   Depositary actions   Associated Fee
(a) Depositing or substituting the underlying shares   Issuing ADSs upon deposits of shares, including deposits and issuances in respect of share distributions, stock splits,
rights, mergers, exchanges of securities or any other transaction or event or other distribution affecting the ADSs or the deposited shares.   U.S.$5.00 for each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) evidenced by the new shares deposited.
(b) Receiving or distributing dividends   Distribution of dividends.   U.S.$0.02 or less per ADS (U.S.$2.00 per 100 ADSs).
(c) Selling or exercising rights   Distribution or sale of securities.   U.S.$5.00 for each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof), the fee being in an amount equal to the fee for the execution and
delivery of ADSs which would have been charged as a result of the deposit of such securities.
(d) Withdrawing an underlying security   Acceptance of ADSs surrendered for withdrawal of deposited shares.   U.S.$5.00 for each 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) evidenced by the shares withdrawn.
(e) Transferring, splitting or grouping receipts   Transfers, combining or grouping of depositary receipts.   U.S.$1.50 per ADS.
(f) General depositary services, particularly those charged on an annual basis.   Other services performed by the depositary in administering the ADSs.   U.S.$0.02 per ADS (or portion thereof) not more than once each calendar year.
(g) Other   Expenses incurred on behalf of holders in connection with: •    compliance with foreign exchange control regulations or any law or
regulation relating to foreign investment; •    the depositary’s or its
custodian’s compliance with applicable law, rule or regulation; •    stock transfer
or other taxes and other governmental charges; •    cable, telex, facsimile
transmission/delivery; •    expenses of the depositary in connection with the conversion
of foreign currency into U.S. dollars (which are paid out of such foreign currency); or •    any other charge payable by depositary or its agents.   The amount of such expenses incurred by the Depositary.

135

Table of Contents

As provided in the Deposit Agreement, the Depositary may charge fees for making
cash and other distributions to holders by deduction from distributable amounts or by selling a portion of the distributable property. The Depositary may generally refuse to provide services until its fees for those services are paid.

Fees paid by Depositary

Direct Payments

The Depositary has agreed to reimburse certain reasonable expenses related to our ADS program and incurred by us in connection
with the program. In the year ended March 31, 2017, the Depositary has not reimbursed us for any such amounts. The amounts the Depositary reimburses are not related to the fees collected by the Depositary from ADS holders. Under certain
circumstances, including termination of our ADS program prior to May 11, 2022, we are required to repay to the Depositary amounts reimbursed in prior periods.

The table below sets forth the types of expenses that the Depositary has agreed to reimburse us for and the amounts reimbursed
during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017.

Category of expenses   Amount reimbursed during the year ended
March 31, 2017
Legal and accounting fees incurred in connection with preparation of Form 20-F and ongoing SEC compliance and listing requirements   None
Listing fees   None
Investor relations   None
Advertising and public relations   None
Broker reimbursements   None

Indirect Payments

As part of its service to us, the Depositary has agreed to waive fees for the standard costs associated with the administration
of our ADS program, associated operating expenses and investor relations advice. The Depository has not paid any expenses on our behalf.

136

Table of Contents

PART II

ITEM 13.   DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES

None.

ITEM 14.   MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS

Modification in the
rights of security holders

None.

Use of Proceeds

Not
applicable.

137

Table of Contents

ITEM 15.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

(a)
Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form
20-F,
 we carried out
an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules
13a-15(e)
 and
15d-15(e)
 of the Exchange Act).

Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective, as of March 31, 2017, to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in filings and submissions under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
periods specified by the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions about
required disclosure.

(b)
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. As defined by the SEC, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial officers,
and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

Our internal control over financial reporting is
supported by written policies and procedures, that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, and that our receipts and expenditures are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a
material effect on our financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2017 based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the “COSO
Framework”). Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2017.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2017 has been audited by KPMG, the
independent registered public accounting firm that audited our financial statements, as stated in their report, a copy of which is included in this annual report on Form
20-F.

/s/G.V. Prasad   /s/Saumen Chakraborty
Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   President and Chief Financial Officer

138

Table of Contents

(c)
Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Shareholders

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited:

We have audited Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited’s (“the Company”) internal control over financial reporting as of
March 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures
as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS). A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the
Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated statement of financial position of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited and its subsidiaries as of March 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated income statement,
statement of comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three-year period ended March 31, 2017, and our report dated June 19, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.

KPMG

Hyderabad, India

June 19, 2017

139

Table of Contents

(d) Changes in internal control over financial reporting

There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Form
20-F
 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 16.   [RESERVED]

ITEM 16.A.   AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT

The Audit Committee of our Board of
Directors is entirely composed of independent directors and brings in expertise in the fields of finance, economics, human resource development, strategy and management. Please see “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees” for
the experience and qualifications of the members of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Sridar Iyengar is an audit committee financial expert, as defined in Item 401(h) of Regulation
S-K,
 and is independent pursuant to applicable NYSE rules.

ITEM 16.B.   CODE OF ETHICS

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
(the “CoBE”), which applies to all Directors and employees of our company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The CoBE is available on our corporate website at http://www.drreddys.com/investors/cobe.html. The CoBE has provisions for
employees and other stakeholders to raise concerns regarding possible violations of the CoBE to the Chief Compliance Officer or the Chief Ombudsperson. Further, our Ombudsperson Policy includes certain anti-retaliation safeguards designed to protect
persons who raise concerns in good faith.

ITEM 16.C.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The following table sets forth
for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, the fees paid to our principal accountant and its associated entities for various services they provided us in these periods.

For the year ended March 31,
Type of Service   2017   2016   Description of Services
(Rs. in millions)
Audit fees   Rs.   67.83   Rs.   78.49   Audit and review of financial statements
Audit related fees   —   0.30   Due diligence and other related services
Tax fees   5.13   3.90   Tax returns filing and transfer pricing related services
All other fees   3.47   2.87   Statutory certifications and other matters.
Total   Rs.   76.43   Rs.   85.56

In accordance with the requirement of the charter of the Audit Committee of our Board of
Directors, we obtain the prior approval of the Audit Committee on every occasion we engage our principal accountants or their associated entities to provide us any
non-audit
 services. We disclose to the Audit
Committee of our Board of Directors the nature of services that are provided and the fees to be paid for the services. The fees listed in the above table as “Tax fees” and “All other fees” were approved by the Audit Committee of
our Board of Directors.

ITEM 16.D.   EXEMPTION FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES

We have not
sought any exemption from the listing standards for audit committees applicable to us as a foreign private issuer.

140

Table of Contents

ITEM 16.E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED
PURCHASERS

During the year ended March 31, 2017, there was no purchase made by or on behalf of us or any
affiliated purchaser of shares of any class of our securities that are registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, except as set forth below.

Our Board of Directors, in their meeting held on February 17, 2016, approved a proposal to buyback our equity shares,
subject to approval by our shareholders, for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs.15,694 million (referred to as the “Maximum Buyback Size”) and at a price not exceeding Rs.3,500 per equity share (referred to “Maximum Buyback
Price”) from our shareholders (including persons who become our shareholders by cancelling American Depository Shares and receiving underlying equity shares, and excluding our promoters and promoter group) under the open market route in
accordance with the provisions contained in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy Back of Securities) Regulations, 1998 and the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder. The shares bought back under this plan were required to be
extinguished.

Our shareholders approved the buyback plan on April 1, 2016 and implementation of the buyback plan
commenced on April 18, 2016 and closed on June 28, 2016. The Company bought back and extinguished 5,077,504 equity shares pursuant to this buyback plan, as follows:

Period   Total Number of Equity Shares Purchased   Average Price Paid per Equity Share   Total Number of Equity Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs   Maximum Approximate Value of Equity Shares that may yet be purchased under the Plans or Programs (in Rs
millions)
April 1 - April 30, 2016   350,000   Rs.   3,105.2   350,000   Rs.   14,607
May 1 - May 31, 2016   1,226,556   3,063.7   1,226,556   10,849
June 1 - June 30, 2016   3,500,948   3,099.0   3,500,948   Nil
Total   5,077,504   5,077,504

ITEM 16.F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT

None.

ITEM 16.G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) must comply with certain standards regarding corporate
governance as codified in Section 303A of the NYSE’s Listed Company Manual. Listed companies that are foreign private issuers (as such term is defined in Rule
3b-4
 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) are permitted to follow home country practice in lieu of the provisions of Section 303A, except that such companies are required to comply with the requirements of Sections 303A.06, 303A.11
and 303A.12(b) and (c), which are as follows:

(i)   establish an independent audit committee that has specified responsibilities;

(ii)   provide prompt certification by its chief executive officer of any non-compliance with any corporate governance rules;

(iii)   provide periodic written affirmations to the NYSE with respect to its corporate governance practices; and

(iv)   provide a brief description of significant differences between its corporate governance practices and those
followed by U.S. companies.

The following table compares our principal corporate governance practices
to those required of U.S. NYSE listed companies.

141

Table of Contents

Standard for U.S. NYSE Listed Companies   Our practice
Listed companies must have a majority of “independent directors,” as defined by the NYSE.   We comply with this standard. Eight of our ten directors are “independent directors,” as defined by the
NYSE.
The non-management directors of each listed company must meet at regularly
scheduled executive sessions without management.   We comply with this standard. Our non-management directors meet periodically
without management directors in scheduled executive sessions.
Listed companies must have a nominating/corporate governance committee composed entirely of independent directors. The
nominating/corporate governance committee must have a written charter that is made available on the listed company’s website and that addresses the committee’s purpose and responsibilities, subject to the minimum purpose and
responsibilities established by the NYSE, and an annual evaluation of the committee.   We have a Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee composed entirely of independent directors that meets these
requirements. The committee has a written charter that meets these requirements. We have evaluated the performance of the Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee.
Listed companies must have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. The compensation committee
must have a written charter that is made available on the listed company’s website and that addresses the committee’s purpose and responsibilities, subject to the minimum purpose and responsibilities established by the NYSE, and an annual
evaluation of the committee.   We have a Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee composed entirely of independent directors that meets these
requirements. The committee has a written charter that meets these requirements. We have evaluated the performance of our Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee.
Listed companies must have an audit committee that satisfies the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act.   Our Audit Committee satisfies the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange
Act.
The audit committee must have a minimum of three members all being independent directors. The audit committee must have a
written charter that is made available on the listed company’s website and that addresses the committee’s purpose and responsibilities, subject to the minimum purpose and responsibilities established by the NYSE, and an annual evaluation
of the committee.   We have an Audit Committee composed of four members, all being independent directors. The committee has a written charter
that meets these requirements. We also have an internal audit function. We have evaluated the performance of our Audit Committee.
Each listed company must have an internal audit function.   We have an internal audit function.
Shareholders must be given the opportunity to vote on all equity-compensation plans and material revisions thereto, with
limited exceptions.   We comply with this standard. Our Employee Stock Option Plans were approved by our shareholders.
Listed companies must adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines.   We have not adopted corporate governance guidelines.
All listed companies, U.S. and foreign, must adopt and disclose a code of business conduct and ethics for directors,
officers and employees that is made available on the listed company’s website and, and promptly disclose any waivers of the code for directors or executive officers.   We comply with this standard. More details on our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics are given under Item
16.B.
Listed companies must solicit proxies for all meetings of shareholders.   We do not solicit proxies because we are prohibited from doing so under Section 105 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013.
However, we give each of our shareholders written notices of all of our shareholder meetings.
Listed foreign private issuers must disclose any significant ways in which their corporate governance practices differ from
those followed by domestic companies under NYSE listing standards.   This requirement is being addressed by way of this table.

142

Table of Contents

Standard for U.S. NYSE Listed Companies   Our practice
Each listed company CEO must certify to the NYSE each year that he or she is not aware of any violation by the company of
NYSE corporate governance listing standards, qualifying the certification to the extent necessary.   We do not have such a practice.
Each listed company CEO must promptly notify the NYSE in writing after any executive officer of the listed company becomes
aware of any non-compliance with any applicable provisions of this Section 303A.   There have been no such instances.
Each listed company must submit an executed Written Affirmation annually to the NYSE. In addition, each listed company must
submit an interim Written Affirmation each time that any of the following occurs:   We filed our most recent annual written affirmation, in the form specified by NYSE, on July 9, 2016.
•    an audit committee member who was deemed independent is no longer
independent;
• a member has been added to the audit committee;
• the listed company or a member of its audit committee is
eligible to rely on and is choosing to rely on a Securities Exchange Act Rule 10A-3 (“Rule 10A-3”) exemption;
• the listed company or a member of its audit committee is no
longer eligible to rely on or is choosing to no longer rely on a previously applicable Rule 10A-3 exemption;
• a member has been removed from the listed company’s
audit committee resulting in the company no longer having a Rule 10A-3 compliant audit committee; or
• the listed company determined that it no longer qualifies as
a foreign private issuer and will be considered a domestic company under Section 303A.
The annual and interim Written Affirmations must be in the form specified by the NYSE.

ITEM 16.H.   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

Not Applicable.

143

Table of Contents

P
ART III

ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Not applicable.

ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following financial statement and auditor’s report for the year ended
March 31, 2017 are incorporated herein by reference and are included in this Item 18 of this report on Form
20-F:

• Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F - 1
• Consolidated statement of financial position as of March 31, 2017 and 2016   F - 2
• Consolidated income statement for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015   F - 4
• Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015   F - 5
• Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015   F - 6
• Consolidated statement of cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015   F - 9
• Notes to the consolidated financial statements   F - 10

144

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Shareholders

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited
and subsidiaries (“the Company”) as of March 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended March 31, 2017. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year
 period ended March 31, 2017, in
conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS).

We also
have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited’s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2017, based on criteria
established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework(2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated June 19, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion

on the
effectiveness of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited’s

internal control over financial reporting
.

KPMG

Hyderabad, India

June 19, 2017

F-1

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

(in millions, except share and per share data)

As of
Particulars   Note   March 31, 2017   March 31, 2017   March 31, 2016
Unaudited convenience translation into U.S.$ (See Note 2(d))
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents   15   U.S.$   60   Rs.   3,866   Rs.   4,921
Other investments   11   220   14,270   35,034
Trade and other receivables   13   587   38,065   41,306
Inventories   12   440   28,529   25,578
Derivative financial instruments   30   4   262   175
Current tax assets   53   3,413   1,664
Other current assets   14   185   11,970   11,010
Total current assets   U.S.$   1,548   Rs.   100,375   Rs.   119,688
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment   7   U.S$   881   Rs.   57,160   Rs.   53,961
Goodwill   8   58   3,752   3,848
Other intangible assets   9   693   44,925   20,796
Trade and other receivables – non-current   13   3   206   —
Investment in equity accounted investees   25   1,603   1,309
Other investments – non-current   11   81   5,237   1,988
Deferred tax assets   27   86   5,580   4,997
Other non-current assets   14   15   983   1,063
Total non-current assets   U.S.$   1,842   Rs.   119,446   Rs.   87,962
Total assets   U.S.$   3,390   Rs.   219,821   Rs.   207,650
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables   22   U.S.$   207   Rs.13,417   Rs.   12,300
Derivative financial instruments   30   0   10   108
Current tax liabilities   23   1,483   2,581
Bank overdraft   15   1   87   —
Short-term borrowings   18   671   43,539   22,718
Long-term borrowings, current portion   18   2   110   110
Provisions   21   70   4,509   4,759
Other current liabilities   23   337   21,845   22,070
Total current liabilities   U.S.$   1,311   Rs.   85,000   Rs.   64,646
Non-current liabilities
Long-term borrowings, excluding current portion   18   U.S.$   84   Rs.5,449   Rs.   10,685
Provisions – non-current   21   1   47   55
Deferred tax liabilities   27   19   1,204   767
Other non-current liabilities   23   63   4,077   3,161
Total non-current liabilities   U.S.$   166   Rs.   10,777   Rs.   14,668
Total liabilities   U.S.$   1,477   Rs.   95,777   Rs.   79,314

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-2

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

(in millions, except share and per share data)

As of
Particulars   Note   March 31, 2017   March 31, 2017   March 31, 2016
Unaudited convenience translation into U.S.$ (See Note 2(d))
Equity
Share capital   16   U.S.$   13   Rs.   829   Rs.   853
Share premium   113   7,359   22,601
Share based payment reserve   15   998   1,100
Retained earnings   1,669   108,224   99,550
Other components of equity   102   6,634   4,232
Total equity   U.S.$   1,913   Rs.   124,044   Rs.   128,336
Total liabilities and equity   U.S.$   3,390   Rs.   219,821   Rs.   207,650

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-3

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data)

For the Years Ended March 31,
Particulars   Note   2017   2017   2016   2015
Unaudited convenience translation into U.S.$ (See Note 2(d))
Revenues   24   U.S.$   2,171   Rs.   140,809   Rs.   154,708   Rs.   148,189
Cost of revenues   963   62,453   62,427   62,786
Gross profit   1,208   78,356   92,281   85,403
Selling, general and administrative expenses   715   46,372   45,702   42,585
Research and development expenses   301   19,551   17,834   17,449
Other (income)/expense, net   25   (16   )   (1,065   )   (874   )   (917   )
Total operating expenses   1,000   64,858   62,662   59,117
Results from operating activities   208   13,498   29,619   26,286
Finance income   24   1,587   2,251   2,774
Finance expense   (12   )   (781   )   (4,959   )   (1,092   )
Finance (expense)/income, net   26   12   806   (2,708   )   1,682
Share of profit of equity accounted investees, net of tax   5   349   229   195
Profit before tax   226   14,653   27,140   28,163
Tax expense   27   40   2,614   7,127   5,984
Profit for the year   186   12,039   20,013   22,179
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company   186   12,039   20,013   22,179
Non-controlling interest   —   —   —   —
Profit for the year   U.S.$   186   Rs.   12,039   Rs.   20,013   Rs.   22,179
Earnings per share:   17
Basic earnings per share of Rs.5/- each   U.S.$   1.11   Rs.   72.24   Rs.   117.34   Rs.   130.22
Diluted earnings per share of Rs.5/- each   U.S.$   1.11   Rs.   72.09   Rs.   116.98   Rs.   129.75
Weighted average number of equity shares used in computing earnings per share:   17
Basic   166,648,943   170,547,643   170,314,506
Diluted   166,997,675   171,072,780   170,933,433

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-4

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

(in millions, except share and per share data)

For the Years Ended March 31,
Particulars   2017   2017   2016   2015
Unaudited convenience translation into U.S.$ (See Note 2(d))
Profit for the year   U.S.$   186   Rs.   12,039   Rs.   20,013   Rs.   22,179
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement:
Actuarial gains/(losses) on post-employment benefit obligations   U.S.$   (1   )   Rs.   (39   )   Rs.   (185   )   Rs.   (47   )
Tax on items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income statement   0   14   64   16
Total of items that will not be reclassified to the consolidated income
statement   U.S.$   (0   )   Rs.   (25   )   Rs.   (121   )   Rs.   (31   )
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income
statement:
Changes in fair value of available for sale financial instruments   U.S.$   34   Rs.   2,209   Rs.   (19   )   Rs.   1,429
Foreign currency translation adjustments   (5   )   (339   )   31   (196   )
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net   15   968   966   99
Tax on items that may be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement   (6   )   (411   )   (173   )   (96   )
Total of items that may be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income
statement   U.S.$   37   Rs.   2,427   Rs.   805   Rs.   1,236
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax   U.S.$   37   Rs.   2,402   Rs.   684   Rs.   1,205
Total comprehensive income for the year   U.S.$   223   Rs.   14,441   Rs.   20,697   Rs.   23,384
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the Company   223   14,441   20,697   23,384
Non-controlling interest   —   —   —   —
Total comprehensive income for the year   U.S.$   223   Rs.   14,441   Rs.   20,697   Rs.   23,384

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-5

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

Particulars   Share capital   Share premium   Fair value reserve
Shares   Amount   Amount   Amount
Balance as of April 1, 2014 (A)   170,108,868   Rs.   851   Rs.   21,553   Rs.   78
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Net change in fair value of available for sale financial instruments, net of tax expense of
Rs.366   —   —   —   1,063
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax benefit of Rs.174   —   —   —   —
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax benefit of
Rs.96   —   —   —   —
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment benefit obligations, net of tax benefit of Rs.16   —   —   —   —
Total comprehensive income (B)   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   1,063
Transactions with owners of the Company
Contributions and distributions
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options   272,306   Rs.   1   Rs.   429   Rs.   —
Share based payment expense   —   —   —   —
Dividend paid (including corporate dividend tax)   —   —   —   —
Sale of equity shares held by controlled
trust (1)   —   —   196   —
Total contributions and distributions   272,306   Rs.   1   Rs.   625   Rs.   —
Changes in ownership interests   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Total transactions with owners of the Company (C)   272,306   Rs.   1   Rs.   625   Rs.   —
Balance as of March 31, 2015 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   170,381,174   Rs.   852   Rs.   22,178   Rs.   1,141
Balance as of April 1, 2015 (A)   170,381,174   Rs.   852   Rs.   22,178   Rs.   1,141
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Net change in fair value of available for sale financial instruments, net of tax expense of
Rs.88   —   —   —   (107   )
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax expense of Rs.62   —   —   —   —
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax expense of
Rs.23   —   —   —   —
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment benefit obligations, net of tax benefit of Rs.64   —   —   —   —
Total comprehensive income (B)   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   (107   )
Transactions with owners of the Company
Contributions and distributions
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options   226,479   Rs.   1   Rs.   423   Rs.   —
Share based payment expense   —   —   —   —
Dividend paid (including corporate dividend tax)   —   —   —   —
Total contributions and distributions   226,479   Rs.   1   Rs.   423   Rs.   —
Changes in ownership interests   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Total transactions with owners of the Company (C)   226,479   Rs.   1   Rs.   423   Rs.   —
Balance as of March 31, 2016 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   170,607,653   Rs.   853   Rs.   22,601   Rs.   1,034
Balance as of April 1, 2016 (A)   170,607,653   Rs.   853   Rs.   22,601   Rs.   1,034
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Net change in fair value of available for sale financial instruments, net of tax expense of
Rs.499   —   —   —   1,710
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax benefit of Rs.148   —   —   —   —
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax expense of
Rs.60   —   —   —   —
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment benefit obligations, net of tax benefit of Rs.14   —   —   —   —
Total comprehensive income (B)   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   1,710
Transactions with owners of the Company
Contributions and distributions
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options   211,564   Rs.   1   Rs.   452   Rs.   —
Share based payment expense   —   —   —   —
Buyback of equity shares (2)   (5,077,504   )   (25   )   (15,669   )   —
Dividend paid (including corporate dividend tax)   —   —   —   —
Transfer to capital redemption reserve   —   —   (25   )   —
Total contributions and distributions   Rs.   (4,865,940   )   Rs.   (24   )   Rs.   (15,242   )   Rs.   —
Changes in ownership interests   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Total transactions with owners of the Company (C)   Rs.   (4,865,940   )   Rs.   (24   )   Rs.   (15,242   )   Rs.   —
Balance as of March 31, 2017 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   165,741,713   Rs.   829   Rs.   7,359   Rs.   2,744
Unaudited convenience translation into U.S.$ (See Note 2(d))   U.S.$   13   U.S.$   114   U.S.$   42

[Continued on next page]

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-6

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

[Continued from above table, first column repeated]

Particulars   Foreign currency translation reserve   Hedging reserve   Share based payment reserve
Amount   Amount   Amount
Balance as of April 1, 2014 (A)   Rs.   4,477   Rs.   (1,960   )   Rs.   1,008
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Net change in fair value of available for sale financial instruments, net of tax expense of
Rs.366   —   —   —
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax benefit of Rs.174   (22   )   —   —
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax benefit of
Rs.96   —   195   —
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment benefit obligations, net of tax benefit of
Rs.16   —   —   —
Total comprehensive income (B)   Rs.   (22   )   Rs.   195   Rs.   —
Transactions with owners of the Company
Contributions and distributions
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   (425   )
Share based payment expense   —   —   498
Dividend paid (including corporate dividend tax)   —   —   —
Sale of equity shares held by controlled
trust (1)   —   —   —
Total contributions and distributions   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   73
Changes in ownership interests   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Total transactions with owners of the Company (C)   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   73
Balance as of March 31, 2015 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   Rs.   4,455   Rs.   (1,765   )   Rs.   1,081
Balance as of April 1, 2015 (A)   Rs.   4,455   Rs.   (1,765   )   Rs.   1,081
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Net change in fair value of available for sale financial instruments, net of tax expense of
Rs.88   —   —   —
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax expense of Rs.62   (31   )   —   —
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax expense of
Rs.23   —   943   —
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment benefit obligations, net of tax benefit of Rs.64   —   —   —
Total comprehensive income (B)   Rs.   (31   )   Rs.   943   Rs.   —
Transactions with owners of the Company
Contributions and distributions
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   (423   )
Share based payment expense   —   —   442
Dividend paid (including corporate dividend tax)   —   —   —
Total contributions and distributions   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   19
Changes in ownership interests   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Total transactions with owners of the Company (C)   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   19
Balance as of March 31, 2016 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   Rs.   4,424   Rs.   (822   )   Rs.   1,100
Balance as of April 1, 2016 (A)   Rs.   4,424   Rs.   (822   )   Rs.   1,100
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Net change in fair value of available for sale financial instruments, net of tax expense of
Rs.499   —   —   —
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax benefit of Rs.148   (191   )   —   —
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax expense of
Rs.60   —   908   —
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment benefit obligations, net of tax benefit of Rs.14   —   —   —
Total comprehensive income (B)   Rs.   (191   )   Rs.   908   Rs.   —
Transactions with owners of the Company
Contributions and distributions
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   (452   )
Share based payment expense   —   —   350
Buyback of equity shares (2)   —   —   —
Dividend paid (including corporate dividend tax)   —   —   —
Transfer to capital redemption reserve   —   —   —
Total contributions and distributions   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   (102   )
Changes in ownership interests   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Total transactions with owners of the Company (C)   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   (102   )
Balance as of March 31, 2017 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   Rs.   4,233   Rs.   86   Rs.   998
Unaudited convenience translation into U.S.$ (See Note 2(d))   U.S.$   65   U.S.$   1   U.S.$   15

[Continued on next page]

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-7

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

[Continued from above table, first column repeated]

Particulars   Retained earnings   Actuarial gains/ (losses)   Equity shares held by a controlled trust   Total
Amount   Amount   Amount   Amount
Balance as of April 1, 2014 (A)   Rs.   65,051   Rs.   (252   )   Rs.   (5   )   Rs.   90,801
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year   Rs.   22,179   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   22,179
Net change in fair value of available for sale financial instruments, net of tax expense of
Rs.366   —   —   —   1,063
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax benefit of Rs.174   —   —   —   (22   )
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax benefit of
Rs.96   —   —   —   195
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment benefit obligations, net of tax benefit of Rs.16   —   (31   )   —   (31   )
Total comprehensive income (B)   Rs.   22,179   Rs.   (31   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   23,384
Transactions with owners of the Company
Contributions and distributions
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   5
Share based payment expense   —   —   —   498
Dividend paid (including corporate dividend tax)   (3,587   )   —   —   (3,587   )
Sale of equity shares held by controlled
trust (1)   —   —   5   201
Total contributions and distributions   Rs.   (3,587   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   5   Rs.   (2,883   )
Changes in ownership interests   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Total transactions with owners of the Company (C)   Rs.   (3,587   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   5   Rs.   (2,883   )
Balance as of March 31, 2015 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   Rs.   83,643   Rs.   (283   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   111,302
Balance as of April 1, 2015 (A)   Rs.   83,643   Rs.   (283   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   111,302
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year   Rs.   20,013   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   20,013
Net change in fair value of available for sale financial instruments, net of tax expense of
Rs.88   —   —   —   (107   )
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax expense of Rs.62   —   —   —   (31   )
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax expense of
Rs.23   —   —   —   943
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment benefit obligations, net of tax benefit of Rs.64   —   (121   )   —   (121   )
Total comprehensive income (B)   Rs.   20,013   Rs.   (121   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   20,697
Transactions with owners of the Company
Contributions and distributions
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   1
Share based payment expense   —   —   —   442
Dividend paid (including corporate dividend tax)   (4,106   )   —   —   (4,106   )
Total contributions and distributions   Rs.   (4,106   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   (3,663   )
Changes in ownership interests   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Total transactions with owners of the Company (C)   Rs.   (4,106   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   (3,663   )
Balance as of March 31, 2016 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   Rs.   99,550   Rs.   (404   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   128,336
Balance as of April 1, 2016 (A)   Rs.   99,550   Rs.   (404   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   128,336
Total comprehensive income
Profit for the year   Rs.   12,039   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   12,039
Net change in fair value of available for sale financial instruments, net of tax expense of
Rs.499   —   —   —   1,710
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax benefit of Rs.148   —   —   —   (191   )
Effective portion of changes in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax expense of
Rs.60   —   —   —   908
Actuarial gain/(loss) on post-employment benefit obligations, net of tax benefit of Rs.14   —   (25   )   —   (25   )
Total comprehensive income (B)   Rs.   12,039   Rs.   (25   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   14,441
Transactions with owners of the Company
Contributions and distributions
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   1
Share based payment expense   —   —   —   350
Buyback of equity shares (2)   —   —   —   (15,694   )
Dividend paid (including corporate dividend tax)   (3,390   )   —   —   (3,390   )
Transfer to capital redemption reserve   25   —   —   —
Total contributions and distributions   Rs.   (3,365   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   (18,733   )
Changes in ownership interests   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —
Total transactions with owners of the Company (C)   Rs.   (3,365   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   (18,733   )
Balance as of March 31, 2017 [(A)+(B)+(C)]   Rs.   108,224   Rs.   (429   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   124,044
Unaudited convenience translation into U.S.$ (See Note 2(d))   U.S.$   1,669   U.S.$   (7   )   U.S.$   —   U.S.$   1,913

(1)   During the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company disposed of all the shares held by its controlled trust
for a total consideration of Rs.201. A gain of Rs.196 arising from this transaction is recorded in share premium.

(2)   Refer to Note 16 of these consolidated financial statements.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-8

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

For the Years Ended March 31,
Note   2017   2017   2016   2015
Particulars   Unaudited convenience translation into U.S.$ (See Note 2(d))
Cash flows from/(used in) operating activities:
Profit for the year   U.S.$   186   Rs.   12,039   Rs.   20,013   Rs.   22,179
Adjustments for:
Income tax expense   40   2,614   7,127   5,984
Dividend and profit on sale of investments   (15   )   (956   )   (852   )   (755   )
Depreciation and amortization   174   11,277   10,250   8,100
Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets   7   445   288   629
Inventory write-downs   48   3,085   2,746   3,635
Allowance for doubtful trade and other receivables   2   138   137   168
Loss/(profit) on sale of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets, net   1   80   112   144
Allowance for sales returns   49   3,177   3,272   3,535
Share of profit of equity accounted investees   (5   )   (349   )   (229   )   (195   )
Exchange (gain)/loss, net   9   568   1,066   673
Exchange loss related to Venezuela operations   39   1   41   4,621   843
Interest (income)/expense, net   1   76   (573   )   31
Share based payment expense   6   398   471   498
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Trade and other receivables   47   3,037   833   (10,905   )
Inventories   (98   )   (6,325   )   (2,522   )   (5,447   )
Trade and other payables   29   1,886   746   55
Other assets and other liabilities   (61   )   (3,948   )   755   1,257
Cash generated from operations   421   27,283   48,261   30,431
Income tax paid   (89   )   (5,770   )   (7,014   )   (5,396   )
Net cash from operating activities   U.S.$   332   Rs.   21,513   Rs.   41,247   Rs.   25,033
Cash flows from/(used in) investing activities:
Expenditures on property, plant and equipment   U.S.$   (189   )   Rs.   (12,278   )   Rs.   (12,017   )   Rs.   (9,339   )
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment   1   44   84   172
Expenditures on other intangible assets   (443   )   (28,706   )   (2,858   )   (5,988   )
Investment in equity accounted investees   (1   )   (86   )   —   —
Purchase of other investments   (766   )   (49,651   )   (68,249   )   (53,466   )
Proceeds from sale of other investments   1,104   71,595   69,270   45,176
Cash paid for acquisition of business, net of cash acquired   (0   )   (17   )   (7,936   )   (276   )
Interest and dividend received   10   628   1,283   817
Net cash used in investing activities   U.S.$   (285   )   Rs.   (18,471   )   Rs.   (20,423   )   Rs.   (22,904   )
Cash flows from/(used in) financing activities:
Proceeds from issuance of equity shares   U.S.$   0   Rs.   1   Rs.   1   Rs.   5
Buyback of equity shares   (242   )   (15,694   )   —   —
Proceeds from sale of equity shares held by a controlled trust   —   —   —   201
Proceeds from/(repayment of) short term borrowings, net   332   21,536   (273   )   4,068
Repayment of long term borrowings   (80   )   (5,220   )   (11,706   )   (3,716   )
Dividend paid (including corporate dividend tax)   (52   )   (3,390   )   (4,106   )   (3,587   )
Interest paid   (14   )   (925   )   (917   )   (1,090   )
Net cash used in financing activities   U.S.$   (57   )   Rs.   (3,692   )   Rs.   (17,001   )   Rs.   (4,118   )
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   (10   )   (650   )   3,823   (1,989   )
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   (8   )   (492   )   (4,296   )   (1,068   )
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year   15   76   4,921   5,394   8,451
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year   15   U.S.$   59   Rs.   3,779   Rs.   4,921   Rs.   5,394
Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and
financing activities:
Investment in shares of Curis, Inc.   32   U.S.$   19   Rs.   1,247   Rs.   —   Rs.   1,452
Acquisition of select products portfolio of UCB   6   —   —   64   —
Property, plant and equipment and intangibles purchased on credit during the year, including
contingent consideration on purchase of intangibles   5   301   1,064   323
Property, plant and equipment purchased under capital lease   0   3   —   107

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

F-9

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

1. Reporting entity

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited (“DRL” or the “parent company”), together with its subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures (collectively, the “Company”), is a leading India-based pharmaceutical company headquartered in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. Through its three businesses—Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients,
Global Generics and Proprietary Products – the Company offers a portfolio of products and services, including Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (“APIs”), Custom Pharmaceutical Services (“CPS”), generics, biosimilars and
differentiated formulations. The Company’s principal research and development facilities are located in Telangana, India, Cambridge, United Kingdom and Leiden, the Netherlands; its principal manufacturing facilities are located in Telangana,
India, Andhra Pradesh, India, Himachal Pradesh, India, Cuernavaca-Cuautla, Mexico, Mirfield, United Kingdom, Louisiana, United States, and Tennessee, United States; and its principal markets are in India, Russia, the United States, the United
Kingdom, Venezuela and Germany. The Company’s shares trade on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange in India and also on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States.

2. Basis of preparation of financial statements

a.
Statement of compliance

These consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2017
have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards and its interpretations (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared for the Company as a going concern on the basis of relevant IFRS
that are effective or elected for early adoption at the Company’s annual reporting date, March 31, 2017. These consolidated financial statements were authorized for issuance by the Company’s Board of Directors on June 19, 2017.

b. Basis of measurement

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost convention and on an accrual basis, except
for the following material items in the statement of financial position:

•   derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value;

•   available-for-sale financial
assets are measured at fair value;

•   employee defined benefit assets/(liability) are recognized as the net total of the fair value of plan assets,
plus actuarial losses, less actuarial gains and the present value of the defined benefit obligation;

•   long term borrowings, except obligations under finance leases, are measured at amortized cost using the
effective interest rate method; and

•   investments in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.

c. Functional and presentation currency

These consolidated financial statements are presented in Indian rupees, which is the functional currency of the parent company.
All financial information presented in Indian rupees has been rounded to the nearest million.

In respect of certain
non-Indian
 subsidiaries that operate as marketing arms of the parent company in their respective countries/regions, the functional currency has been determined to be the functional currency of the parent company
(i.e., the Indian rupee). The operations of these entities are largely restricted to importing of finished goods from the parent company in India, sales of these products in the foreign country and making of import payments to the parent company.
The cash flows realized from sales of goods are available for making import payments to the parent company and cash is paid to the parent company on a regular basis. The costs incurred by these entities are primarily the cost of goods imported from
the parent company. The financing of these subsidiaries is done directly or indirectly by the parent company.

In respect
of subsidiaries whose operations are self-contained and integrated within their respective countries/regions, the functional currency has been generally determined to be the local currency of those countries/regions, unless use of a different
currency is considered appropriate.

d. Convenience translation (unaudited)

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in Indian rupees. Solely for the convenience of the reader, these
consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2017 have been translated into U.S. dollars at the certified foreign exchange rate of U.S.$1.00 = Rs.64.85, as published by the Federal Reserve Board of Governors on
March 31, 2017. No representation is made that the Indian rupee amounts have been, could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at such a rate or any other rate. Such convenience translation is not subject to audit by the
Company’s independent auditors.

F-10

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

2. Basis of preparation of financial statements (continued)

e. Use of estimates and judgments

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make judgments, estimates and
assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the
period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. In particular, information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical judgments in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect
on the amounts recognized in the financial statements is included in the following notes:

•   Note 3(a) — Evaluation of joint arrangements;

•   Note 3(b) — Assessment of functional currency;

•   Note 3(c) and 30 — Financial instruments;

•   Notes 3(d) — Business combinations;

•   Notes 3(e) and (f) — Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets;

•   Note 3(h) — Valuation of inventories;

•   Notes 3(i), 7, 8 and 9— Measurement of recoverable amounts of cash-generating units;

•   Note 3 (j) and 19 — Assets and obligations relating to employee benefits;

•   Note 3 (j) — Share based payments;

•   Note 3(k) — Provisions and other accruals;

•   Note 3(l) — Sales returns, rebates and chargeback provisions;

•   Note 3(o) — Evaluation of recoverability of deferred tax assets; and

•   Note 44 — Contingencies

f. Change in the functional currency of a foreign operation

Until July 31, 2016, the functional currency of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, SA, one of the Company’s
subsidiaries in Switzerland (the “Swiss Subsidiary”), was determined to be the Indian rupee. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Swiss Subsidiary borrowed U.S.$350 from certain institutional lenders to acquire eight
ANDAs in the United States (refer to Note 42 of these consolidated financial statements for further details). The Company believes that the aforesaid transactions have had significant impact on the primary economic environment of the Swiss
Subsidiary and, accordingly, the Swiss Subsidiary’s operating, investing and financing activities will have a greater reliance on the United States dollar.

Accordingly, effective August 1, 2016, the functional currency of the Swiss Subsidiary was changed to the United States
dollar. The change in functional currency of the Swiss subsidiary was applied prospectively from date of change in accordance with IAS 21, “The Effect of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rate”.

3. Significant accounting policies

a. Basis of
consolidation

Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries are all entities (including special purpose entities) that are controlled by the Company. Control exists when the
Company is exposed to, or has rights to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through power over the entity. In assessing control, potential voting rights are considered only if the rights
are substantive. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in these consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases. For the purpose of preparing these consolidated financial
statements, the accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to align them with the policies adopted by the Company.

Associates and joint arrangements (equity accounted investees)

Joint arrangements are those arrangements over which the Company has joint control, established by contractual agreement and
requiring unanimous consent for strategic financial and operating decisions.

A joint arrangement is either a joint
operation or a joint venture. A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. A joint venture is a
joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

Associates are those entities over which the Company has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the entities but is not control or joint control of those policies. Significant influence is generally presumed to exist when the Company holds between 20% and 50% of the voting power of
another entity.

F-11

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

a. Basis of consolidation (continued)

Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the
equity method (equity accounted investees) and are initially recognized at cost. The carrying value of the Company’s investment includes goodwill identified on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment losses. The Company does not
consolidate entities where the
non-controlling
 interest (“NCI”) holders have certain significant participating rights that provide for effective involvement in significant decisions in the ordinary
course of business of such entities. Investments in such entities are accounted by the equity method of accounting. When the Company’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity accounted investee, the carrying amount of that interest
(including any long-term investments) is reduced to zero and the recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Company has an obligation or has made payments on behalf of the investee.

Transactions eliminated on consolidation

Intra-group balances and transactions, and any unrealized income and expenses arising from intra-group transactions, are
eliminated in full while preparing these consolidated financial statements. Unrealized gains or losses arising from transactions with equity accounted investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Company’s interest in
the investee.

Acquisition of
non-controlling
 interests

Acquisition of some or all of the NCI is accounted for as a transaction with equity holders in their capacity as equity
holders. Consequently, the difference arising between the fair value of the purchase consideration paid and the carrying value of the NCI is recorded as an adjustment to retained earnings that is attributable to the parent company. The associated
cash flows are classified as financing activities. No goodwill is recognized as a result of such transactions.

Loss of Control

Upon loss of control, the Company derecognizes the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, any NCIs and the other components
of equity related to the subsidiary. Any surplus or deficit arising on the loss of control is recognized in the consolidated income statement. If the Company retains any interest in the previous subsidiary, then such interest is measured at fair
value at the date that control is lost. Subsequently, it is accounted for as an equity-accounted investee or as an
available-for-sale
 financial asset, depending on the
level of influence retained.

b. Foreign currency

Foreign currency transactions

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of entities within the Company at
exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date.

Non-monetary
 items that are measured based on historical cost in a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.
Non-monetary

items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency shall be translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at rates different from
those at which they were translated on initial recognition during the period or in previous financial statements are recognized in the consolidated income statement in the period in which they arise.

However, foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the following items are recognized in other
comprehensive income (“OCI”):

•   available for sale equity investments (except on impairment, in which case foreign currency differences that
have been recognized in OCI are reclassified to the consolidated income statement);

•   a financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation, to the extent that
the hedge is effective; and

•   qualifying cash flow hedges, to the extent that the hedges are effective.

F-12

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

b. Foreign currency (continued)

When several exchange rates are available, the rate used is that at which the
future cash flows represented by the transaction or balance could have been settled if those cash flows had occurred at the measurement date.

Foreign
operations

Foreign exchange gains and losses arising from a monetary item receivable from a foreign operation, the
settlement of which is neither planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are considered to form part of the net investment in the foreign operation and are recognized in OCI and presented within equity as a part of foreign currency translation
reserve (“FCTR”).

In case of foreign operations whose functional currency is different from the parent
company’s functional currency, the assets and liabilities of such foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising upon acquisition, are translated to the reporting currency at exchange rates at the reporting date. The
income and expenses of such foreign operations are translated to the reporting currency at the monthly average exchange rates prevailing during the year. Resulting foreign currency differences are recognized in OCI and presented within equity as
part of FCTR. When a foreign operation is disposed of, in part or in full, such that control, significant influence or joint control is lost, the relevant amount in the FCTR is transferred to the consolidated income statement.

c. Financial instruments

Non-derivative
 financial instruments

Non-derivative
 financial instruments consist of investments in mutual funds, equity
securities, trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, loans and borrowings, trade and other payables and certain other assets and liabilities.

Non-derivative
 financial instruments are recognized initially at fair value plus any
directly attributable transaction costs, except for those instruments that are designated as being fair value through profit and loss upon initial recognition. Subsequent to initial recognition,
non-derivative

financial instruments are measured as described below.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, demand deposits and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily
convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value. For this purpose, “short-term” means investments having maturity of three months or less from the date of investment. Bank overdrafts
that are repayable on demand form an integral part of the Company’s cash management and are included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows.

Other investments

Other
investments consist of term deposits with original maturities of more than three months, and investments in mutual funds and equity securities.

Investments in mutual funds and equity securities are classified as
available-for-sale
 financial assets. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are measured at fair value and changes therein, other than impairment losses, are recognized in OCI and presented within equity
under “fair value reserve”. When an investment is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss in equity is transferred to the consolidated income statement.

Trade and other payables

Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from
suppliers. Trade payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is expected within one year or within the normal operating cycle of the business.

Trade and other receivables

Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the ordinary course of business.
Trade receivables are classified as current assets if the collection is expected within one year or within the normal operating cycle of the business.

F-13

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

c. Financial instruments (continued)

Debt instruments and other financial liabilities

The Company initially recognizes debt instruments issued on the date that they originate. All other financial liabilities are
recognized initially on the trade date, which is the date that the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. These are recognized initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to
initial recognition, these financial liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

Other
non-derivative
 financial instruments

Other

non-derivative
 financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, these assets are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any
impairment losses.

De-recognition
 of financial assets and liabilities

The Company derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual right to the cash flows from that asset expires, or it
transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows on the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred. If the Company retains substantially all the
risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Company continues to recognize the financial asset and also recognizes a collateralized borrowing, at amortized cost, for the proceeds received.

The Company derecognizes a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled or expired. The
difference between the carrying amount of the derecognized financial liability and the consideration paid is recognized as profit or loss.

Offsetting
financial assets and liabilities

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the
statement of financial position when, and only when, the Company has a legal right and ability to offset the amounts and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Derivative financial instruments

The Company is exposed to exchange rate risk which arises from its foreign exchange revenues and expenses, primarily in U.S.
dollars, U.K. pounds sterling, Russian roubles, Romanian new leus (“RON”), Venezuelan bolivars and Euros, and foreign currency debt in U.S. dollars, Russian roubles and Euros.

The Company uses foreign exchange forward contracts, option contracts and swap contracts (derivative financial instruments) to
mitigate its risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company also uses
non-derivative
 financial instruments as part of its foreign currency exposure risk mitigation strategy.

Hedges of highly probable forecasted transactions

The Company classifies its derivative financial instruments that hedge foreign currency risk associated with highly probable
forecasted transactions as cash flow hedges and measures them at fair value. The effective portion of such cash flow hedges is recorded in the Company’s hedging reserve as a component of equity and

re-classified
 to the consolidated income statement as revenue in the period corresponding to the occurrence of the forecasted transactions. The ineffective portion of such cash flow hedges is recorded in the
consolidated income statement as finance costs immediately.

The Company also designates certain
non-derivative
 financial liabilities, such as foreign currency borrowings from banks, as hedging instruments for hedge of foreign currency risk associated with highly probable forecasted transactions. Accordingly,
the Company applies cash flow hedge accounting to such relationships. Remeasurement gain/loss on such
non-derivative
 financial liabilities is recorded in the Company’s hedging reserve as a component of
equity and reclassified to the consolidated income statement as revenue in the period corresponding to the occurrence of the forecasted transactions.

F-14

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

c. Financial instruments (continued)

Upon initial designation of a hedging instrument, the Company formally
documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and hedged item, including the risk management objectives and strategy in undertaking the hedge transaction and the hedged risk, together with the methods that will be used to assess the
effectiveness of the hedging relationship. The Company makes an assessment, both at the inception of the hedge relationship as well as on an ongoing basis, of whether the hedging instruments are expected to be “highly effective” in
offsetting the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the respective hedged items attributable to the hedged risk, and whether the actual results of each hedge are within a range of
80%-125%
 relative to
the gain or loss on the hedged items. For cash flow hedges to be “highly effective”, a forecast transaction that is the subject of the hedge must be highly probable and must present an exposure to variations in cash flows that could
ultimately affect profit or loss.

If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, expires or
is sold, terminated or exercised, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI, remains there until the forecast transaction occurs. If the forecast transaction is no longer expected
to occur, then the balance in OCI is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.

Hedges of recognized assets and liabilities

Changes in the fair value of derivative contracts that economically hedge monetary assets and liabilities in foreign
currencies, and for which no hedge accounting is applied, are recognized in the consolidated income statement. The changes in fair value of such derivative contracts, as well as the foreign exchange gains and losses relating to the monetary items,
are recognized as part of “net finance income/(expense)” in the consolidated income statement.

Hedges of changes in the interest rates

Consistent with its risk management policy, the Company uses interest rate swaps to mitigate the risk of changes in
interest rates. The Company does not use them for trading or speculative purposes.

d. Business combinations

The Company uses the acquisition method of accounting to account for business combinations that occurred on or after
April 1, 2009. The acquisition date is the date on which control is transferred to the acquirer. Judgment is applied in determining the acquisition date and determining whether control is transferred from one party to another. Control
exists when the Company is exposed to, or has rights to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through power over the entity. In assessing control, potential voting rights are considered
only if the rights are substantive. The Company measures goodwill as of the applicable acquisition date at the fair value of the consideration transferred, including the recognized amount of any

non-controlling
 interest in the acquiree, less the net recognized amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. When the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
assumed exceeds the consideration transferred, a bargain purchase gain is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement. Consideration transferred includes the fair values of the assets transferred, liabilities incurred by the Company
to the previous owners of the acquiree, and equity interests issued by the Company. Consideration transferred also includes the fair value of any contingent consideration. Consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement
of
pre-existing
 relationships. Any goodwill that arises on account of such business combination is tested annually for impairment.

Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. If an obligation to pay contingent
consideration that meets the definition of a financial instrument is classified as equity, then it is not
re-measured
 and the settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, other contingent
consideration is
re-measured
 at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are recorded in the consolidated income statement.

A contingent liability of the acquiree is assumed in a business combination only if such a liability represents a present
obligation and arises from a past event, and its fair value can be measured reliably.

On an
acquisition-by-acquisition
 basis, the Company recognizes any
non-controlling
 interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the
non-controlling
 interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Transaction costs that the Company incurs in connection with a business combination, such as finder’s fees,
legal fees, due diligence fees and other professional and consulting fees, are expensed as incurred.

Acquisitions of
non-controlling
 interests are accounted for as transactions with equity holders in their capacity as equity holders. The difference between any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying
value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity.

F-15

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

e. Property, plant and equipment

Recognition and measurement

Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if
any. Cost includes expenditures that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost of materials and other costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to a working condition for
its intended use. Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the construction or production of a qualifying asset are capitalized as part of the cost of that asset.

When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items
(major components) of property, plant and equipment.

Gains and losses upon disposal of an item of property, plant and
equipment are determined by comparing the proceeds from disposal with the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and are recognized net within “Other (income)/expense, net” in the consolidated income statement.

The cost of replacing part of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognized in the carrying amount of the item if it
is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Company and its cost can be measured reliably. The costs of repairs and maintenance are recognized in the consolidated income statement as incurred.

Items of property, plant and equipment acquired through exchange of
non-monetary

assets are measured at fair value, unless the exchange transaction lacks commercial substance or the fair value of either the asset received or asset given up is not reliably measurable, in which case the asset exchanged is recorded at the carrying
amount of the asset given up.

Depreciation

Depreciation is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight line basis over the estimated useful lives of
property, plant and equipment. Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives. The depreciation expense is included in the costs of the functions using the asset. Land is not depreciated.

Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the period of the lease agreement or the useful life, whichever is shorter.

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date. The estimated useful lives are as
follows:

Buildings
- Factory and administrative buildings   20 - 50 years
- Ancillary structures   3 - 15 years
Plant and equipment   3 - 15 years
Furniture, fixtures and office equipment   4 - 10 years
Vehicles   4 - 5 years
Computer equipment   3 - 5 years

Software for internal use, which is primarily acquired from third-party vendors and which is
an integral part of a tangible asset, including consultancy charges for implementing the software, is capitalized as part of the related tangible asset. Subsequent costs associated with maintaining such software are recognized as expense as
incurred. The capitalized costs are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software or the remaining useful life of the tangible fixed asset, whichever is lower.

Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plant and equipment outstanding at each reporting date and the cost of
property, plant and equipment not ready to use before such date are disclosed under capital
work-in-progress.
 Assets not ready for use are not depreciated.

f. Goodwill and other intangible assets

Goodwill

Goodwill
represents the excess of consideration transferred, together with the amount of
non-controlling
 interest in the acquiree, over the fair value of the Company’s share of identifiable net assets acquired.

Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses. In respect of equity accounted investees, the carrying
amount of goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment, and any impairment loss on such an investment is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying value of the equity accounted investee.

F-16

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

f. Goodwill and other intangible assets (continued)

Other intangible assets

Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Company and that have finite useful lives are measured at cost less
accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses.

Subsequent expenditures are capitalized only when they
increase the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which they relate. All other expenditures, including expenditures on internally generated goodwill and brands, is recognized in the consolidated income statement as incurred.

Research and development

Expenditures on research activities undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge and
understanding are recognized in the consolidated income statement when incurred.

Development activities involve a plan or
design for the production of new or substantially improved products and processes. Development expenditures are capitalized only if:

•   development costs can be measured reliably;

•   the product or process is technically and commercially feasible;

•   future economic benefits are probable; and

•   the Company intends to and has sufficient resources to complete development and to use or sell the asset.

The expenditures to be capitalized include the cost of materials and other costs directly attributable
to preparing the asset for its intended use. Other development expenditures are recognized in the consolidated income statement as incurred.

Payments to third parties that generally take the form of
up-front
 payments and
milestones for
in-licensed
 products, compounds and intellectual property are capitalized. The Company’s criteria for capitalization of such assets are consistent with the guidance given in paragraph 25 of
International Accounting Standard 38 (“IAS 38”) (i.e., receipt of economic benefits out of the separately purchased transaction is considered to be probable).

Acquired research and development intangible assets that are under development are recognized as
In-Process
 Research and Development assets (“IPR&D”). IPR&D assets are not amortized, but evaluated for potential impairment on an annual basis or when there are indications that the carrying value
may not be recoverable. Any impairment charge on such IPR&D assets is recorded in the consolidated income statement under “Research and Development expenses”.

Subsequent expenditure on an
in-process
 research or development project acquired
separately or in a business combination and recognized as an intangible asset is:

a)   recognized as an expense when incurred, if it is research expenditure;

b)   recognized as an expense when incurred, if it is development expenditure that does not satisfy the criteria
for recognition as an intangible asset in paragraph 57 of IAS 38; and

c)   added to the carrying amount of the acquired in-process research or
development project, if it is development expenditure that satisfies the recognition criteria in paragraph 57 of IAS 38.

Intangible assets relating to products in development, other intangible assets not available for use and intangible assets
having indefinite useful life are subject to impairment testing at each reporting date. All other intangible assets are tested for impairment when there are indications that the carrying value may not be recoverable. All impairment losses are
recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement.

Amortization

Amortization is recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of
intangible assets. Intangible assets that are not available for use are amortized from the date they are available for use.

The estimated
useful lives are as follows:

Trademarks   3 - 12 years
Product related intangibles   5 - 15 years
Customer-related intangibles   1 - 11 years
Technology related intangibles   3 - 13 years
Other intangibles   3 - 15 years

F-17

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

f. Goodwill and other intangible assets (continued)

The amortization period and the amortization method for intangible assets with a finite
useful life are reviewed at each reporting date.

De-recognition
 of intangible assets

Intangible assets are
de-recognized
 either on their disposal or where no future
economic benefits are expected from their use. Losses arising on such
de-recognition
 are recorded in the consolidated income statement, and are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds, if
any, and the carrying amount of respective intangible assets as on the date of
de-recognition.

g. Leases

At the inception of each lease, the lease arrangement is classified as either a finance lease or an operating
lease, based on the substance of the lease arrangement.

Finance leases

A finance lease is recognized as an asset and a liability at the commencement of the lease, at the lower of the fair value of
the asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Initial direct costs, if any, are also capitalized and, subsequent to initial recognition, the asset is accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to that asset.
Minimum lease payments made under finance leases are apportioned between the finance expense and the reduction of the outstanding liability. The finance expense is allocated to each period during the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic
rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.

Operating leases

Other leases are operating leases, and the leased assets are not recognized on the Company’s statements of financial
position. Payments made under operating leases are recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

Operating lease incentives received from the landlord are recognized as a reduction of rental expense on a straight line basis
over the lease term.

h. Inventories

Inventories consist of raw materials, stores and spares, work in progress and finished goods and are measured at the lower of
cost and net realizable value. The cost of all categories of inventories is based on the weighted average method. Cost includes expenditures incurred in acquiring the inventories, production or conversion costs and other costs incurred in bringing
them to their existing location and condition. In the case of finished goods and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of overheads based on normal operating capacity. Stores and spares consists of packing materials, engineering
spares (such as machinery spare parts) and consumables (such as lubricants, cotton waste and oils), which are used in operating machines or consumed as indirect materials in the manufacturing process.

Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion
and selling expenses.

The factors that the Company considers in determining the allowance for slow moving, obsolete and
other
non-saleable
 inventory include estimated shelf life, planned product discontinuances, price changes, ageing of inventory and introduction of competitive new products, to the extent each of these factors
impact the Company’s business and markets. The Company considers all these factors and adjusts the inventory provision to reflect its actual experience on a periodic basis.

i. Impairment

Financial assets

A financial asset is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any objective evidence that it is impaired.
A financial asset is considered to be impaired if objective evidence indicates that one or more events have had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference between its
carrying amount, and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate. An impairment loss in respect of an

available-for-sale
 financial asset is calculated by reference to its fair value.

Significant financial assets are tested for impairment on an individual basis. All impairment losses/(reversals of impairment
losses) are recognized in the consolidated income statement.

F-18

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

i. Impairment (continued)

When the fair value of
available-for-sale
 financial assets declines below acquisition cost and there is objective evidence that the asset is impaired, the cumulative loss that has been recognized in OCI is transferred to the
consolidated income statement. An impairment loss may be reversed in subsequent periods, if the indicators for the impairment no longer exist. Such reversals are recognized in OCI.

Non-financial
 assets

The carrying amounts of the Company’s
non-financial
 assets, other than inventories
and deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. For goodwill and intangible assets that
have indefinite lives or that are not yet available for use, an impairment test is performed each year at March 31.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit (as defined below) is the greater of its value in use and its fair
value less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
pre-tax
 discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
value of money and the risks specific to the asset or the cash-generating unit. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely
independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).

The goodwill
acquired in a business combination is, for the purpose of impairment testing, allocated to cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

An impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated income statement if the estimated recoverable amount of an asset or its
cash-generating unit is lower than its carrying amount. Impairment losses recognized in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units and then to reduce the carrying amount
of the other assets in the unit on a
pro-rata
 basis.

An impairment loss in
respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if
there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of
depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized. Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an associate is not recognized separately, and therefore is not tested for impairment separately. Instead,
the entire amount of the investment in an associate is tested for impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the investment in an associate may be impaired.

An impairment loss in respect of equity accounted investee is measured by comparing the recoverable amount of investment with
its carrying amount. An impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated income statement, and reversed if there has been a favorable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.

j. Employee benefits

Short-term employee
benefits

Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognized for
the amount expected to be paid if the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Defined contribution plans

The Company’s contributions to defined contribution plans are charged to the consolidated income statement as and when the
services are received from the employees.

F-19

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

j. Employee benefits (continued)

Defined benefit plans

The liability in respect of defined benefit plans and other post-employment benefits is calculated using the projected unit
credit method consistent with the advice of qualified actuaries. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of high-quality corporate bonds that are
denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related defined benefit obligation. In countries where there is no deep market in such bonds, the market rates on
government bonds are used. The current service cost of the defined benefit plan, recognized in the consolidated income statement in employee benefit expense, reflects the increase in the defined benefit obligation resulting from employee service in
the current year, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements. Past service costs are recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement. The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined
benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee benefit expense in the consolidated income statement. Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are
charged or credited to equity in OCI in the period in which they arise.

When the benefits under a plan are changed or
when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefit that relates to past service or the gain or loss on curtailment is recognized immediately in the consolidated income statement. The Company recognizes gains or losses on the settlement of a
defined benefit plan obligation when the settlement occurs.

Termination benefits

Termination benefits are recognized as an expense in the consolidated income statement when the Company is demonstrably
committed, without realistic possibility of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date, or to provide termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy.
Termination benefits for voluntary redundancies are recognized as an expense in the consolidated income statement if the Company has made an offer encouraging voluntary redundancy, it is probable that the offer will be accepted, and the number of
acceptances can be estimated reliably.

Other long-term employee benefits

The Company’s net obligation in respect of other long term employee benefits is the amount of future benefit that
employees have earned in return for their service in the current and previous periods. That benefit is discounted to determine its present value.
Re-measurements
 are recognized in the consolidated income
statement in the period in which they arise.

Compensated absences

The Company’s current policies permit certain categories of its employees to accumulate and carry forward a portion of
their unutilized compensated absences and utilize them in future periods or receive cash in lieu thereof in accordance with the terms of such policies. The Company measures the expected cost of accumulating compensated absences as the additional
amount that the Company incurs as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the statements of financial position date. Such measurement is based on actuarial valuation as at the statements of financial position date carried out by a
qualified actuary.

Share-based payment transactions

The grant date fair value of options granted to employees is recognized as an employee expense in the consolidated income
statement, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees become unconditionally entitled to the options. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related service and
non-market
 performance conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognized is based on the number of awards that meet the related service and

non-market
 performance conditions at the vesting date. The expense is recorded for each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was, in substance, multiple awards. The increase in equity
recognized in connection with share based payment transaction is presented as a separate component in equity under “share based payment reserve”. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of stock options
that vest.

The fair value of the amount payable to employees in respect of share based payment transactions which are
settled in cash is recognized as an expense in the consolidated income statement, with a corresponding increase in liabilities, over the period during which the employees become unconditionally entitled to payment. The liability is
re-measured
 at each reporting date and at the settlement date based on the fair value of the share based payment transaction. Any changes in the liability are recognized in the consolidated income statement.

F-20

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

k. Provisions

A provision is recognized in the consolidated income statement if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present legal
or constructive obligation that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined by
discounting the expected future cash flows at a
pre-tax
 rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is used, the increase
in the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as a finance cost.

Restructuring

A provision for restructuring is recognized in the consolidated income statement when the Company has approved a detailed and
formal restructuring plan, and the restructuring either has commenced or has been announced publicly. Future operating costs are not provided.

Onerous
contracts

A provision for onerous contracts is recognized in the consolidated income statement when the expected
benefits to be derived by the Company from a contract are lower than the unavoidable cost of meeting its obligations under the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of terminating the contract and
the expected net cost of continuing with the contract. Before a provision is established, the Company recognizes any impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract.

Reimbursement rights

Expected reimbursements for expenditures required to settle a provision are recognized in the consolidated income statement
only when receipt of such reimbursements is virtually certain. Such reimbursements are recognized as a separate asset in the statement of financial position, with a corresponding credit to the specific expense for which the provision has been made.

l. Revenue

Sale of goods

Revenue is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer, recovery of the
consideration is probable, the associated costs and possible return of goods can be estimated reliably, there is no continuing management involvement with the goods and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. Revenue from the sale of goods
includes excise duty and is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of returns, sales tax and applicable trade discounts and allowances. Revenue includes shipping and handling costs billed to the customer.

Revenue from sales of generic products in India is recognized upon delivery of products to distributors by clearing and
forwarding agents of the Company. Significant risks and rewards in respect of ownership of generic products are transferred by the Company when the goods are delivered to distributors from clearing and forwarding agents. Clearing and forwarding
agents are generally compensated on a commission basis as a percentage of sales made by them. Revenue from sales of active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates in India is recognized on delivery of products to customers (generally
formulation manufacturers), from the factories of the Company.

Revenue from export sales and other sales outside of India
is recognized when the significant risks and rewards of ownership of products are transferred to the customers, which occurs upon delivery of the products to the customers unless the terms of the applicable contract provide for specific revenue
generating activities to be completed, in which case revenue is recognized once all such activities are completed.

Profit share revenues

The Company from time to time enters into marketing arrangements with certain business partners for the sale of its products in
certain markets. Under such arrangements, the Company sells its products to the business partners at a
non-refundable
 base purchase price agreed upon in the arrangement and is also entitled to a profit share
which is over and above the base purchase price. The profit share is typically dependent on the business partner’s ultimate net sale proceeds or net profits, subject to any reductions or adjustments that are required by the terms of the
arrangement. Such arrangements typically require the business partner to provide confirmation of units sold and net sales or net profit computations for the products covered under the arrangement.

Revenue in an amount equal to the base purchase price is recognized in these transactions upon delivery of products to the
business partners. An additional amount representing the profit share component is recognized as revenue in the period which corresponds to the ultimate sales of the products made by business partners only when the collectability of the profit share
becomes probable and a reliable measurement of the profit share is available. Otherwise, recognition is deferred to a subsequent period pending satisfaction of such collectability and measurability requirements. In measuring the amount of profit
share revenue to be recognized for each period, the Company uses all available information and evidence, including any confirmations from the business partner of the profit share amount owed to the Company, to the extent made available before the
date the Company’s Board of Directors authorizes the issuance of its financial statements for the applicable period.

F-21

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

l. Revenue (continued)

Milestone payments and out licensing arrangements

Revenues include amounts derived from product
out-licensing
 agreements. These
arrangements typically consist of an initial
up-front
 payment on inception of the license and subsequent payments dependent on achieving certain milestones in accordance with the terms prescribed in the
agreement.
Non-refundable

up-front
 license fees received in connection with product
out-licensing
 agreements are deferred and
recognized over the period in which the Company has continuing performance obligations. Milestone payments which are contingent on achieving certain clinical milestones are recognized as revenues either on achievement of such milestones, if the
milestones are considered substantive, or over the period the Company has continuing performance obligations, if the milestones are not considered substantive. If milestone payments are creditable against future royalty payments, the milestones are
deferred and released over the period in which the royalties are anticipated to be paid.

Provision for chargeback, rebates and discounts

Provisions for chargeback, rebates, discounts and Medicaid payments are estimated and provided for in the year of sales and
recorded as reduction of revenue. A chargeback claim is a claim made by the wholesaler for the difference between the price at which the product is initially invoiced to the wholesaler and the net price at which it is agreed to be procured from the
Company. Provisions for such chargebacks are accrued and estimated based on historical average chargeback rate actually claimed over a period of time, current contract prices with wholesalers/other customers and estimated inventory holding by the
wholesaler.

Shelf stock adjustments

Shelf stock adjustments are credits issued to customers to reflect decreases in the selling price of products sold by the
Company, and are accrued when the prices of certain products decline as a result of increased competition upon the expiration of limited competition or exclusivity periods. These credits are customary in the pharmaceutical industry, and are intended
to reduce the customer inventory cost to better reflect the current market prices. The determination to grant a shelf stock adjustment to a customer is based on the terms of the applicable contract, which may or may not specifically limit the age of
the stock on which a credit would be offered.

Sales Returns

The Company accounts for sales returns accrual by recording an allowance for sales returns concurrent with the recognition of
revenue at the time of a product sale. This allowance is based on the Company’s estimate of expected sales returns. The Company deals in various products and operates in various markets. Accordingly, the estimate of sales returns is determined
primarily by the Company’s historical experience in the markets in which the Company operates. With respect to established products, the Company considers its historical experience of sales returns, levels of inventory in the distribution
channel, estimated shelf life, product discontinuances, price changes of competitive products, and the introduction of competitive new products, to the extent each of these factors impact the Company’s business and markets. With respect to new
products introduced by the Company, such products have historically been either extensions of an existing line of product where the Company has historical experience or in therapeutic categories where established products exist and are sold either
by the Company or the Company’s competitors.

Services

Revenue from services rendered, which primarily relate to contract research, is recognized in the consolidated income statement
as the underlying services are performed. Upfront
non-refundable
 payments received under these arrangements are deferred and recognized as revenue over the expected period over which the related services are
expected to be performed.

Export entitlements

Export entitlements from government authorities are recognized in the consolidated income statement as a reduction from
“Cost of Revenues” when the right to receive credit as per the terms of the scheme is established in respect of the exports made by the Company, and where there is no significant uncertainty regarding the ultimate collection of the
relevant export proceeds.

m. Shipping and handling costs

Shipping and handling costs incurred to transport products to customers, and internal transfer costs incurred to transport the
products from the Company’s factories to its various points of sale, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses.

F-22

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

n. Finance income and expense

Finance income consists of interest income on funds invested (including
available-for-sale
 financial assets), dividend income and gains on the disposal of
available-for-sale
 financial assets. Interest
income is recognized in the consolidated income statement as it accrues, using the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognized in the consolidated income statement on the date that the Company’s right to receive payment is
established. The associated cash flows are classified as investing activities in the statement of cash flows. Finance expenses consist of interest expense on loans and borrowings.

Borrowing costs are recognized in the consolidated income statement using the effective interest method. The associated cash
flows are classified as financing activities in the statement of cash flows.

Foreign currency gains and losses are
reported on a net basis within finance income and expense. These primarily include: exchange differences arising on the settlement or translation of monetary items; changes in the fair value of derivative contracts that economically hedge monetary
assets and liabilities in foreign currencies and for which no hedge accounting is applied; and the ineffective portion of cash flow hedges.

o.
Income tax

Income tax expense consists of current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognized in the
consolidated income statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognized directly in equity, in which case it is recognized in equity. Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted
or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred
tax is recognized using the balance sheet method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not recognized
for the following temporary differences:

•   temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit;

•   temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities to the extent
that it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and

•   taxable temporary differences arising upon the initial recognition of goodwill.

Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse,
based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income
taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realized simultaneously.

A deferred tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against
which the temporary difference can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.

Any deferred tax asset or liability arising from deductible or taxable temporary differences in respect of unrealized
inter-company profit or loss on inventories held by the Company in different tax jurisdictions is recognized using the tax rate of the jurisdiction in which such inventories are held. Withholding tax arising out of payment of dividends to
shareholders under the Indian Income tax regulations is not considered as tax expense for the Company and all such taxes are recognized in the statement of changes in equity as part of the associated dividend payment.

p. Earnings per share

The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is
calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to
ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which includes all stock options granted to employees.

q. Government grants

The Company recognizes government grants only when there is reasonable assurance that the conditions attached to them will be
complied with, and the grants will be received. Government grants received in relation to assets are presented as a reduction to the carrying amount of the related asset. Grants related to income are deducted in reporting the related expense in the
consolidated income statement.

F-23

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

r. Segment Reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision
maker. The chief executive officer of the Company is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments and accordingly is identified as the chief operating decision maker.

s
.
 Recent accounting pronouncements

Standards issued but not yet effective and not early adopted by the Company

IFRS 9, Financial instruments

In July 2014, the IASB issued the final version of IFRS 9, “Financial instruments”. IFRS 9 significantly differs from
IAS 39, “Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement”, and includes a logical model for classification and measurement, a single, forward-looking “expected loss” impairment model and a substantially-reformed approach to
hedge accounting. IFRS 9 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018, with early application permitted. The Company believes that the new Standard will materially impact the classification and measurement of the
Company’s financial instruments, documentation relating to hedging financial exposures and recognition of certain fair value changes.

IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

In May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”. The core principle of the guidance is
that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The new
standard also will result in enhanced disclosures about revenue, provide guidance for transactions that were not previously addressed comprehensively (for example, service revenue and contract modifications) and improve guidance for multiple-element
arrangements.

The new revenue recognition standard was issued with an effective date of January 1, 2017. However, in
April 2015, the IASB voted to defer the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard to January 1, 2018. Early application of the new standard is permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the new standard on
its consolidated financial statements.

IFRS 16, Leases

In January 2016, the IASB issued a new standard, IFRS 16, “Leases”. The new standard brings most leases
on-balance
 sheet for lessees under a single model, eliminating the distinction between operating and finance leases. Lessor accounting, however, remains largely unchanged and the distinction between operating and
finance leases is retained. IFRS 16 supersedes IAS 17, “Leases”, and related interpretations and is effective for periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019. Earlier adoption of IFRS 16 is permitted if IFRS 15, “Revenue from
Contracts with Customers”, has also been applied.

The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact
of this new accounting standard on its consolidated financial statements.

IFRIC 22, Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration

In December 2016, the IASB issued IFRIC Interpretation 22, “Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration,”
which addresses the exchange rate to use in transactions that involve advance consideration paid or received in a foreign currency. IFRIC Interpretation 22 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018. Earlier
application is permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this change in the accounting standard on its consolidated financial statements.

IFRIC 23, Uncertainty over Income Tax treatments

On June 7, 2017, the IFRS Interpretations Committee issued IFRIC 23, which clarifies how the recognition and measurement
requirements of IAS 12 “Income taxes”, are applied where there is uncertainty over income tax treatments.

IFRIC
23 explains how to recognize and measure deferred and current income tax assets and liabilities where there is uncertainty over a tax treatment. An uncertain tax treatment is any tax treatment applied by an entity where there is uncertainty over
whether that treatment will be accepted by the applicable tax authority. For example, a decision to claim a deduction for a specific expense or not to include a specific item of income in a tax return is an uncertain tax treatment if its
acceptability is uncertain under applicable tax law. The interpretation provides specific guidance in several areas where previously IAS 12 was silent. IFRIC 23 applies to all aspects of income tax accounting where there is an uncertainty regarding
the treatment of an item, including taxable profit or loss, the tax bases of assets and liabilities, tax losses and credits and tax rates.

F-24

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

3. Significant accounting policies (continued)

s. Recent accounting pronouncements (continued)

The interpretation is effective for annual periods beginning on or after
January 1, 2019. Earlier application is permitted. An entity can, on initial application, elect to apply this interpretation either:

•   retrospectively applying IAS 8, if possible without the use of hindsight; or

•   retrospectively, with the cumulative effect of initially applying the interpretation recognized at the date of
initial application as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings (or other component of equity, as appropriate).

The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of IFRIC 23 on the consolidated financial statements and the period of
adoption.

t. Share capital

Ordinary
shares

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary
shares and stock options are recognized as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.

When shares recognized as
equity are repurchased, the amount of consideration paid, which includes costs that are directly attributable, is recognized as a deduction from equity.

4. Determination of fair values

The Company’s accounting policies and disclosures require the determination of fair value, for certain financial and
non-financial
 assets and liabilities. Fair values have been determined for measurement and/or disclosure purposes based on the following methods. When applicable, further information about the assumptions made in
determining fair values is disclosed in the notes specific to that asset or liability.

(i) Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment, if acquired in a business combination or through an exchange of

non-monetary
 assets, is measured at fair value on the acquisition date. For this purpose, fair value is based on appraised market values and replacement cost.

(ii) Intangible assets

The fair value of brands, technology related intangibles, and patents and trademarks acquired in a business combination is
based on the discounted estimated royalty payments that have been avoided as a result of these brands, technology related intangibles, patents or trademarks being owned (the “relief of royalty method”). The fair value of customer related,
product related and other intangibles acquired in a business combination has been determined using the multi-period excess earnings method after deduction of a fair return on other assets that are part of creating the related cash flows.

(iii) Inventories

The fair value of inventories acquired in a business combination is determined based on its estimated selling price in the
ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and sale, and a reasonable profit margin based on the effort required to complete and sell the inventories.

(iv) Investments in equity and debt securities and units of mutual funds

The fair value of
available-for-sale
 marketable
equity and debt securities is determined by reference to their quoted market price at the reporting date. For debt securities where quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined using pricing techniques such as discounted cash
flow analysis.

In respect of investments in mutual funds, the fair values represent net asset value as stated by the
issuers of these mutual fund units in the published statements. Net asset values represent the price at which the issuer will issue further units in the mutual fund and the price at which issuers will redeem such units from the investors.

Accordingly, such net asset values are analogous to fair market value with respect to these investments, as transactions of
these mutual funds are carried out at such prices between investors and the issuers of these units of mutual funds.

F-25

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

4. Determination of fair values (continued)

(v) Derivatives

The fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts is estimated by discounting the difference between the contractual forward
price and the current forward price for the residual maturity of the contract using a risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds). The fair value of foreign currency option and swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts is determined
based on the appropriate valuation techniques, considering the terms of the contract.

(vi)
Non-derivative

financial liabilities

Fair value, which is determined for disclosure purposes, is calculated based on the present
value of future principal and interest cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest at the reporting date. For finance leases the market rate of interest is determined by reference to similar lease agreements. In respect of the
Company’s borrowings that have floating rates of interest, their fair value approximates carrying value.

(vii) Share-based payment
transactions

The fair value of employee stock options is measured using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model.
Measurement inputs include share price on grant date, exercise price of the instrument, expected volatility (based on weighted average historical volatility), expected life of the instrument (based on historical experience), expected dividends, and
the risk free interest rate (based on government bonds).

F-26

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

5. Segment reporting

The Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) evaluates the Company’s performance and allocates resources based on
an analysis of various performance indicators by operating segments. The CODM reviews revenue and gross profit as the performance indicator for all of the operating segments, and does not review the total assets and liabilities of an operating
segment. The Chief Executive Officer is the CODM of the Company.

The Company’s reportable operating segments are as
follows:

•   Global Generics;

•   Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (“PSAI”); and

•   Proprietary Products.

Global Generics.
 This segment consists of the Company’s business of manufacturing and marketing
prescription and
over-the-counter
 finished pharmaceutical products ready for consumption by the patient, marketed under a brand name (branded formulations) or as generic
finished dosages with therapeutic equivalence to branded formulations (generics). This segment includes the operations of the Company’s biologics business.

Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients
. This segment consists of the Company’s business of
manufacturing and marketing active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, also known as “API” or bulk drugs, which are the principal ingredients for finished pharmaceutical products. Active pharmaceutical ingredients and
intermediates become finished pharmaceutical products when the dosages are fixed in a form ready for human consumption such as a tablet, capsule or liquid using additional inactive ingredients. This segment also includes the Company’s contract
research services business and the manufacture and sale of active pharmaceutical ingredients and steroids in accordance with the specific customer requirements.

Proprietary Products.
 This segment consists of the Company’s business that focuses on the research,
development, and manufacture of differentiated formulations. These products fall within the dermatology and neurology therapeutic areas and are marketed and sold through Promius
®
 Pharma, LLC.

Others.
This includes the

operations of the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Aurigene
Discovery Technologies Limited, a discovery stage biotechnology company developing novel and
best-in-class
 therapies in the fields of oncology and inflammation and which
works with established pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in early-stage collaborations, bringing drug candidates from hit generation to
pre-clinical
 development.

The measurement of each segment’s revenues, expenses and assets is consistent with the accounting policies that are used
in preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Information about segments:   For the Year Ended March 31,
Reportable   Global Generics   PSAI   Proprietary Products
segments   2017   2016   2015   2017   2016   2015   2017   2016   2015
Revenues (1) (2)   Rs.   115,409   Rs.   128,062   Rs.   119,397   Rs.   21,277   Rs.   22,379   Rs.   25,456   Rs.   2,363   Rs.   2,659   Rs.   2,172
Gross profit   Rs.   71,079   Rs.   84,427   Rs.   77,569   Rs.   4,473   Rs.   4,931   Rs.   5,709   Rs.   1,951   Rs.   2,217   Rs.   1,796
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Research and development expenses
Other (income)/expense, net
Results from operating activities
Finance (expense)/income, net
Share of profit of equity accounted investees, net of tax
Profit before tax
Tax expense
Profit for the year

[Continued on next page]

F-27

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

5. Segment reporting (continued)

[Continued from above table, first column repeated]

Information about segments:   For the Year Ended March 31,
Reportable segments   Others   Total
2017   2016   2015   2017   2016   2015
Revenues (1) (2)   Rs.   1,760   Rs.   1,608   Rs.   1,164   Rs.   140,809   Rs.   154,708   Rs.   148,189
Gross profit   Rs.   853   Rs.   706   Rs.   329   Rs.   78,356   Rs.   92,281   Rs.   85,403
Selling, general and administrative expenses   46,372   45,702   42,585
Research and development expenses   19,551   17,834   17,449
Other (income)/expense, net   (1,065   )   (874   )   (917   )
Results from operating activities   Rs.   13,498   Rs.   29,619   Rs.   26,286
Finance (expense)/income, net   806   (2,708   )   1,682
Share of profit of equity accounted investees, net of tax   349   229   195
Profit before tax   Rs.   14,653   Rs.   27,140   Rs.   28,163
Tax expense   2,614   7,127   5,984
Profit for the year   Rs.   12,039   Rs.   20,013   Rs.   22,179

(1)   Revenues for the year ended March 31, 2017 do not include inter-segment revenues from PSAI to Global
Generics which is accounted for at a cost of Rs.6,181 (as compared to Rs.5,447 and Rs.6,904 for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively).

(2)   During the three months ended June 30, 2015, there
was a change in the monitoring of performance of one product from the Global Generics segment to the Proprietary Products segment. Consequently, revenues and gross profit from such product for the year ended March 31, 2015 have been
reclassified to conform to the change.

Analysis of revenues by geography:

The following table shows the distribution of the Company’s revenues by country, based on the location of the customers:

For the Year Ended March 31,
Country   2017   2016   2015
India   Rs.   24,927   Rs.   23,913   Rs.   21,158
United States   69,816   81,154   69,840
Russia   11,547   10,640   14,922
Others   34,519   39,001   42,269
Rs.   140,809   Rs.   154,708   Rs.   148,189

Analysis of revenues within the Global Generics segment:

An analysis of revenues by therapeutic areas in the Company’s Global Generics segment is given below:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Gastrointestinal   Rs.   21,190   Rs.   21,253   Rs.   21,524
Oncology   17,054   19,410   19,459
Cardiovascular   15,553   19,009   17,569
Pain Management   14,323   16,240   16,591
Central Nervous System   12,749   14,739   14,935
Anti-Infective   7,189   12,711   8,393
Others   27,351   24,700   20,926
Total   Rs.   115,409   Rs.   128,062   Rs.   119,397

F-28

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

5. Segment reporting (continued)

Analysis of revenues within the PSAI segment:

An analysis of revenues by therapeutic areas in the Company’s PSAI segment is given below:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Cardiovascular   Rs.   5,078   Rs.   5,077   Rs.   4,695
Pain Management   3,290   4,085   3,793
Central Nervous System   2,758   3,021   2,800
Anti-Infective   1,859   2,015   2,338
Dermatology   1,606   1,485   1,234
Oncology   1,534   2,570   4,274
Others   5,152   4,126   6,322
Total   Rs.   21,277   Rs.   22,379   Rs.   25,456

Analysis of assets by geography:

The following table shows the distribution of the Company’s
non-current
 assets
(other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets) by country, based on the location of assets:

As of March 31,
Country   2017   2016
India   Rs.   57,997   Rs.   54,987
Switzerland   31,543   6,576
United States   8,660   7,519
Germany   3,220   4,200
Others   6,213   6,632
Rs.   107,633   Rs.   79,914

The following table shows the distribution of the Company’s property, plant and equipment
including capital work in progress and intangible assets acquired during the year (other than goodwill arising on business combination) by country, based on the location of assets:

For the Year Ended March 31,
Country   2017   2016
India   Rs.   10,545   Rs.   19,389
Switzerland   26,639   2,325
United States   2,657   1,019
Others   728   586
Rs.   40,569   Rs.   23,319

Analysis of depreciation and amortization, included in cost of revenues, by reportable segments:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Global Generics   Rs.   3,381   Rs.   2,742   Rs.   2,044
PSAI   2,674   2,437   2,034
Proprietary Products   —   —   —
Others   62   62   76
Rs.   6,117   Rs.   5,241   Rs.   4,154

Information about major customers

Revenues from one of the customers of the Company’s Global Generics segment were Rs.22,760, representing 16% of the
Company’s total revenues, for the year ended March 31, 2017.

Revenues from two of the customers of the
Company’s Global Generics segment were Rs.21,600 and Rs.15,998, representing 14% and 10%, respectively, of the Company’s total revenues, for the year ended March 31, 2016.

F-29

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

6.   Acquisition of select products portfolio of UCB

On April 1, 2015, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with UCB India Private Limited and other UCB group
companies (together referred to as “UCB”) to acquire a select portfolio of products business in the territories of India, Nepal, Sri Lanka and Maldives. The transaction included approximately 350 employees engaged in operations of the
acquired India business. The acquisition was expected to strengthen the Company’s presence in the areas of dermatology, respiratory and pediatric products.

The total purchase consideration was Rs.8,000, payable in cash. The acquisition was closed on June 16, 2015. The Company
has accounted for the transaction under IFRS 3, “Business Combinations,” and allocated the aggregate purchase consideration as follows:

Particulars   Amount
Total consideration   Rs.   8,000
Identifiable assets acquired
Property, plant and equipment   6
Other intangible assets:
Product related intangibles   6,734
Marketing rights   743
Current assets, net of current liabilities assumed   194
Total identifiable net assets   Rs.   7,677
Goodwill   Rs.   323

The total goodwill of Rs.323 is attributable primarily to the acquired employee workforce,
intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition and the expected synergies. The entire amount of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.

Acquisition related costs of Rs.9 were excluded from the consideration transferred and were recognized as expense under
“Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated income statement for the year ended March 31, 2016.

Current assets, net of current liabilities assumed, includes trade receivables of Rs.118, which were expected to be fully
recoverable.

Out of the total purchase consideration of Rs.8,000, the Company has paid Rs.7,936 to UCB as of
March 31, 2017.

F-30

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

7. Property, plant and equipment

The following is a summary of the changes in carrying value of property, plant and equipment.

Particulars   Land   Buildings   Plant and equipment   Computer equipment   Furniture, fixtures and office equipment   Vehicles   Total
Gross carrying value
Balance as at April 1, 2015   Rs.   3,789   Rs.   16,505   Rs.   46,940   Rs.   2,003   Rs.   2,148   Rs.   626   Rs.   72,011
Acquisitions through business
combinations (1)   —   —   —   6   —   —   6
Other additions   24   2,402   7,890   372   208   186   11,082
Disposals   (7   )   (3   )   (651   )   (144   )   (105   )   (33   )   (943   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   8   191   214   9   14   (2   )   434
Balance as at March 31, 2016   Rs.   3,814   Rs.   19,095   Rs.   54,393   Rs.   2,246   Rs.   2,265   Rs.   777   Rs.   82,590
Balance as at April 1, 2016   Rs.   3,814   Rs.   19,095   Rs.   54,393   Rs.   2,246   Rs.   2,265   Rs.   777   Rs.   82,590
Acquisitions through business combinations   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Other additions   98   2,395   9,090   566   205   96   12,450
Disposals   —   (34   )   (521   )   (70   )   (19   )   (120   )   (764   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   (44   )   (165   )   (533   )   (15   )   (23   )   (2   )   (782   )
Balance as at March 31, 2017   Rs.   3,868   Rs.   21,291   Rs.   62,429   Rs.   2,727   Rs.   2,428   Rs.   751   Rs.   93,494
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at April 1, 2015   Rs.   —   Rs.   3,472   Rs.   23,158   Rs.   1,308   Rs.   1,796   Rs.   306   Rs.   30,040
Depreciation for the year   —   763   5,341   325   243   108   6,780
Impairment loss (2)   20   46   23   4   1   94
Disposals   —   (0   )   (615   )   (108   )   (100   )   (25   )   (848   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   —   47   52   5   10   (1   )   113
Balance as at March 31, 2016   Rs.   —   Rs.   4,302   Rs.   27,982   Rs.   1,553   Rs.   1,953   Rs.   389   Rs.   36,179
Balance as at April 1, 2016   Rs.   —   Rs.   4,302   Rs.   27,982   Rs.   1,553   Rs.   1,953   Rs.   389   Rs.   36,179
Depreciation for the year   —   896   5,971   378   231   120   7,596
Impairment loss   38   214   69   10   —   —   331
Disposals   —   (23   )   (499   )   (67   )   (14   )   (116   )   (719   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   —   (71   )   (298   )   (13   )   (24   )   (1   )   (407   )
Balance as at March 31, 2017   Rs.   38   Rs.   5,318   Rs.   33,225   Rs.   1,861   Rs.   2,146   Rs.   392   Rs.   42,980
Net carrying value
As at April 1, 2015   Rs.   3,789   Rs.   13,033   Rs.   23,782   Rs.   695   Rs.   352   Rs.   320   Rs.   41,971
As at March 31, 2016   Rs.   3,814   Rs.   14,793   Rs.   26,411   Rs.   693   Rs.   312   Rs.   388   Rs.   46,411
Add: Capital-work-in-progress   Rs.   7,550
Total as at March 31, 2016   Rs.   53,961
As at March 31, 2017   Rs.   3,830   Rs.   15,973   Rs.   29,204   Rs.   866   Rs.   282   Rs.   359   Rs.   50,514
Add: Capital-work-in-progress   Rs.   6,646
Total as at March 31, 2017   Rs.   57,160

(1)   Acquisitions through business combinations were on
account of the Company’s acquisition of a select portfolio of products from UCB. Refer to Note 6 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

(2)   Impairment loss pertains to the assets forming part of
the Company’s Venezuelan subsidiary. Refer to Note 39 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

Impairment losses recorded for the year ended March 31, 2017

During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Company witnessed a significant decline in the expected cash flows of
some of the products forming part of a cash generating unit (“CGU”) under its Global Generics segment. Consequently, the Company, following the guidance under IAS 36 “Impairment of assets”, determined that the estimated
recoverable amount of the CGU is lower than its carrying cost. Accordingly, an amount of Rs.335 (including Rs.4 towards
capital-work-in-progress)
 was recorded as an
impairment during the quarter ended March 31, 2017. Such impairment charge was recorded under “cost of revenues”.

The recoverable amounts of the above cash generating units have been assessed using a
value-in-use
 model. Key assumptions upon which the Company has based its determinations of
value-in-use
 include:

a)   Estimated cash flows for the remaining useful life, based on management’s budgets.

b)   the terminal value is considered to be zero.

c)   The post-tax discount rates used are based on the Company’s
weighted average cost of capital. The post-tax discount rates used was 6.68%. The pre-tax discount rates was 9.02%.

Capital commitments

As
of March 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company was committed to spend Rs.5,256 and Rs.5,065, respectively, under agreements to purchase property, plant and equipment. This amount is net of capital advances paid in respect of such purchase commitments.

F-31

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

7. Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Interest capitalization

During the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company capitalized interest cost of Rs.65 and Rs.51, respectively,
with respect to qualifying assets. The rate for capitalization of interest cost for the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was approximately 2.14% and 2.07%, respectively.

Assets acquired under finance leases

Property, plant and equipment include Rs.511 and Rs.637 of assets acquired (net of accumulated depreciation) under finance
leases as of March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

8. Goodwill

Goodwill arising upon business acquisitions is not amortized but tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if
there is any indication that the cash generating unit to which goodwill is allocated is impaired.

The following table
presents the changes in goodwill during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Opening balance, gross (1)   Rs.   20,122   Rs.   19,654
Goodwill arising on business combinations during the year (2) (3)   10   323
Effect of translation adjustments   (106   )   145
Impairment loss (4)   (16,274   )   (16,274   )
Closing balance (1)   Rs.   3,752   Rs.   3,848

(1)   This does not include goodwill arising upon investment in an associate of Rs.181, which is included in the
carrying value of the investment in equity accounted investees.

(2)   Rs.10 as of March 31, 2017 represents goodwill arising from the acquisition of Imperial Credit Private
Limited.

(3)   Rs.323 as of March 31, 2016 represents goodwill arising from the acquisition of a select portfolio of
products business from UCB during the three months ended June 30, 2015. Refer to Note 6 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

(4)   The impairment loss of Rs.16,274 includes Rs.16,003 pertaining to the Company’s German subsidiary,
betapharm Arzneimittel GmbH, which is part of the Company’s Global Generics segment. This impairment loss was recorded during the years ended March 31, 2009 and 2010.

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to a cash generating unit, representing the lowest level within
the Company at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and which is not higher than the Company’s operating segment.

The carrying amount of goodwill (other than those arising upon investment in an associate) was allocated to cash generating
units as follows:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
PSAI-Active Pharmaceutical Operations   Rs.   997   Rs.   997
Global Generics-Complex Injectables   1,148   1,249
Global Generics-North America Operations   995   998
Global Generics-Branded Formulations   491   491
Others   121   113
Rs.   3,752   Rs.   3,848

The recoverable amounts of the above cash generating units have been assessed using a
value-in-use
 model. Value in use is generally calculated as the net present value of the projected
post-tax
 cash flows plus a terminal
value of the cash generating unit to which the goodwill is allocated. Initially a
post-tax
 discount rate is applied to calculate the net present value of the
post-tax

cash flows. Key assumptions upon which the Company has based its determinations of
value-in-use
 include:

a)   Estimated cash flows for five years, based on management’s budgets.

b)   A terminal value arrived at by extrapolating the last forecasted year cash flows to perpetuity, using a
constant long-term growth rate of 0%. This long-term growth rate takes into consideration external macroeconomic sources of data. Such long-term growth rate considered does not exceed that of the relevant business and industry sector.

F-32

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

8. Goodwill (continued)

c)   The after tax discount rates used are based on the Company’s weighted average cost of capital.

d)   The after tax discount rates used range from 6.68% to 12.76% for various cash generating units. The pre-tax discount rates range from 9.02% to 22.29%.

The Company
believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which a recoverable amount is based would not cause the aggregate carrying amount to exceed the aggregate recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit.

9. Other intangible assets

The following is a summary of changes in the carrying value of intangible assets:

Trademarks with finite useful life   Product related intangibles   Technology related intangibles   Customer related intangibles   Others   Total
Gross carrying amount
Balance as at April 1, 2015   Rs.   9,349   Rs.   27,623   Rs.   1,593   Rs.   1,165   Rs.   952   Rs.   40,682
Acquisitions through business combinations (1)   —   6,734   —   —   743   7,477
Other additions   —   1,554   1,158   —   596   3,308
De-recognitions   —   —   —   (132   )   —   (132   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   829   1,829   96   67   4   2,825
Balance as at March 31, 2016   Rs.   10,178   Rs.   37,740   Rs.   2,847   Rs.   1,100   Rs.   2,295   Rs.   54,160
Balance as at April 1, 2016   Rs.   10,178   Rs.   37,740   Rs.   2,847   Rs.   1,100   Rs.   2,295   Rs.   54,160
Acquisitions through business combinations   —   —   —   —   —   —
Other additions (2)   1,148   27,419   27   —   611   29,205
De-recognitions (3)   (32   )   (269   )   —   (706   )   (124   )   (1,131   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   (617   )   (2,265   )   (230   )   (37   )   (19   )   (3,168   )
Balance as at March 31, 2017   Rs.   10,677   Rs.   62,625   Rs.   2,644   Rs.   357   Rs.   2,763   Rs.   79,066
Amortization/impairment loss
Balance as at April 1, 2015   Rs.   6,688   Rs.   18,413   Rs.   960   Rs.   1,118   Rs.   453   Rs.   27,632
Amortization for the year   504   2,414   254   11   287   3,470
Impairment loss   —   174   —   20   —   194
De-recognitions   —   —   —   (132   )   —   (132   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   494   1,598   39   68   1   2,200
Balance as at March 31, 2016   Rs.   7,686   Rs.   22,599   Rs.   1,253   Rs.   1,085   Rs.   741   Rs.   33,364
Balance as at April 1, 2016   Rs.   7,686   Rs.   22,599   Rs.   1,253   Rs.   1,085   Rs.   741   Rs.   33,364
Amortization for the year   578   2,304   443   15   341   3,681
Impairment loss   32   40   38   —   —   110
De-recognitions (3)   (32   )   (269   )   —   (706   )   (124   )   (1,131   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   (457   )   (1,215   )   (159   )   (37   )   (15   )   (1,883   )
Balance as at March 31, 2017   Rs.   7,807   Rs.   23,459   Rs.   1,575   Rs.   357   Rs.   943   Rs.   34,141
Net carrying amount
As at April 1, 2015   Rs.   2,661   Rs.   9,210   Rs.   633   Rs.   47   Rs.   499   Rs.   13,050
As at March 31, 2016   Rs.   2,492   Rs.   15,141   Rs.   1,594   Rs.   15   Rs.   1,554   Rs.   20,796
As at March 31, 2017   Rs.   2,870   Rs.   39,166   Rs.   1,069   Rs.   —   Rs.   1,820   Rs.   44,925

(1)   Acquisitions through business combinations were on account of the Company’s acquisition of a select
portfolio of products from UCB. Refer to Note 6 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

(2)   Other additions during the year ended March 31, 2017 primarily consists of: (a) Rs.23,366,
representing the consideration paid to Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited to acquire eight Abbreviated New Drug Applications (“ANDAs”) in the United States (refer to Note 42 of these consolidated financial statements for further
details); and (b) Rs.3,159, representing the consideration for the acquisition from XenoPort, Inc. of exclusive U.S. rights for the development and commercialization of a clinical stage oral new chemical entity (refer to Note 40 of these
consolidated financial statements for further details).

(3)   During the year ended March 31, 2017, the Company
derecognized certain intangible assets which were fully amortized and from which no future economic benefits were expected, either from use or from their disposal. Accordingly, an amount of Rs.1,131 was reduced both from gross carrying amount and
accumulated amortization.

F-33

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

9. Other intangible assets (continued)

In-process
 research and development assets:

Tabulated below is the reconciliation of amounts relating to
in-process
 research and
development assets as at the beginning and at the end of the year:

Particulars   Year Ended March 31, 2017   Year Ended March 31, 2016
Opening balance at the beginning of the year   Rs.   1,096   Rs.   203
Add : Additions during the
year (1)   26,858   1,035
Less : Capitalizations during the year   —   (102   )
Less : Impairments during the
year (2)   (38   )   (100   )
Effect of changes in exchange rates   (766   )   60
Closing balance at the year end   Rs.   27,150   Rs.   1,096

(1)   Additions during the year ended March 31, 2017
primarily consists of:

a.   Rs.23,366, representing the consideration paid to Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited to acquire eight
Abbreviated New Drug Applications (“ANDAs”) in the United States (refer to Note 42 of these consolidated financial statements for further details); and

b.   Rs.3,159, representing the consideration for the acquisition from XenoPort, Inc. of exclusive U.S. rights for
the development and commercialization of a clinical stage oral new chemical entity (refer to Note 40 of these consolidated financial statements for further details).

(2)   Refer to “Impairment losses recorded for the year
ended March 31, 2017” in this Note 9 for further details

Asset held for sale

During the three months ended December 31, 2016, the management of the Company decided to and committed to a plan to sell
certain intangible assets forming part of the Company’s Global Generics business. Accordingly, these assets have been disclosed as “Assets held for sale” as on December 31, 2016.

However, during the three months ended March 31, 2017, the proposed arrangement to sell the intangible assets did not
take place and, subsequently, the Company discontinued its plans to sell these intangible assets. Accordingly, the aforesaid intangible assets cease to be classified as held for sale.

Amortization of other intangible assets:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Selling, general and administrative expenses   Rs.   3,198   Rs.   3,262   Rs.   2,326
Cost of revenues   300   110   —
Research and development expenses   183   98   55
Rs.   3,681   Rs.   3,470   Rs.   2,381

The weighted average remaining useful life of intangibles was 8.6 years as at March 31, 2017.

Interest capitalization

During the year ended March 31, 2017, the Company capitalized interest cost of Rs.258 with respect to certain qualifying
assets. The rate for capitalization of interest cost ranged from 0.91% to 2.14%.

F-34

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

9. Other intangibles (continued)

Impairment loss on other intangible assets:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Selling, general and administrative expenses   Rs.   72   Rs.   61   Rs.   509
Research and development expenses   38   133   120
Cost of revenues   —   —   —
Rs.   110   Rs.   194   Rs.   629

Impairment losses recorded for the year ended March 31, 2017

In-process
 research and development (“IPR&D”) intangibles

As a result of the Company’s decision to discontinue further development of certain IPR&D assets pertaining to its
Proprietary Products segment and PSAI segment, Rs.27 and Rs.11, respectively, were recorded as impairment loss for the year ended March 31, 2017 under “Research and development expenses” in the consolidated income statement.

Others

The balance impairment loss of Rs.72 pertains to a write down of certain brands and product related intangibles forming part
of the Company’s Global Generics segment. The same was recorded under “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated income statement.

Impairment losses recorded for the year ended March 31, 2016

In-process
 research and development (“IPR&D”) intangibles

As a result of the Company’s decision to discontinue further development of certain IPR&D assets pertaining to its
Proprietary Products segment and Global Generics segment, Rs.100 and Rs.33, respectively, was recorded as impairment loss for the year ended March 31, 2016 under “Research and development expenses” in the consolidated income
statement.

Others

The balance impairment loss of Rs.61 pertains to a write down of certain customer and product related intangibles forming part
of the Company’s Global Generics segment, which was recorded under “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated income statement.

Impairment losses recorded for the year ended March 31, 2015

For the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company recorded impairment losses of Rs.629 in the consolidated income statement,
primarily relating to the following:

Customer related intangibles

Since its acquisition during the year ended March 31, 2013, OctoPlus B.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, has
been engaged in the Company’s internal drug development projects as well as providing pharmaceutical development services to external customers.

During the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company decided to significantly increase the utilization of OctoPlus
B.V.’s technical
know-how,
 its time and effort on internal drug development projects and scale-down its external pharmaceutical development services. As a result of such decision, the Company reassessed
the recoverable amounts of associated customer related intangibles and determined that the carrying amount of such customer related intangibles was higher than their recoverable amount. Accordingly, Rs.249 was recorded as an impairment loss for the
year ended March 31, 2015 under “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated income statement.

The above impairment loss relate to the Company’s PSAI segment. As at March 31, 2015, the carrying amount of such
customer related intangibles after impairment loss was Rs.0.

Product related intangibles

Based on the performance of and expected cash flows from some of the Company’s product related intangibles pertaining to
its Global Generics segment, the Company reassessed the recoverable amounts of such product related intangibles and determined that the carrying amount of such product-related intangibles was higher than their recoverable amount. Accordingly, Rs.201
was recorded as an impairment loss for the year ended March 31, 2015 under “Selling, general and administrative expenses” in the consolidated income statement. As at March 31, 2015, the carrying amount of such product related
intangibles after impairment loss was Rs.0.

In-process
 research and
development (“IPR&D”) intangibles

Due to the Company’s decision to discontinue further development
of certain IPR&D assets pertaining to its Proprietary Products segment, Rs.95 was recorded as impairment loss for the year ended March 31, 2015 under research and development expenses in the consolidated income statement.

F-35

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

10. Investment in equity accounted investees

Kunshan Rotam Reddy Pharmaceuticals Co. Limited (“Reddy Kunshan”) is engaged in manufacturing and marketing of
formulations in China. The Company’s interest in Reddy Kunshan was 51.3% as of March 31, 2017 and 2016. Three directors of the Company are on the board of Reddy Kunshan, which consists of seven directors. Under the terms of the joint
venture agreement, all major decisions with respect to operating activities, significant financing and other activities are taken by the approval of at least five of the seven directors of Reddy Kunshan’s board. As the Company does not control
Reddy Kunshan’s board and the other partners have significant participation rights, the Company’s interest in Reddy Kunshan has been accounted for under the equity method of accounting under IFRS 11.

Summary financial information of Reddy Kunshan, as translated into the reporting currency of the Company and not adjusted for
the percentage ownership held by the Company, is as follows:

As of/for the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Ownership   51.3   %   51.3   %   51.3   %
Total current assets   Rs.   3,385   Rs.   2,876   Rs.   2,090
Total non-current assets   296   377   389
Total assets   Rs.   3,681   Rs.   3,253   Rs.   2,479
Equity   Rs.   2,603   Rs.   2,129   Rs.   1,656
Total current liabilities   1,078   1,124   823
Total equity and liabilities   Rs.   3,681   Rs.   3,253   Rs.   2,479
Revenues   Rs.   4,980   Rs.   4,246   Rs.   3,377
Expenses   4,295   3,800   2,998
Profit for the year   Rs.   685   Rs.   446   Rs.   379

The Company’s share of profits in Reddy Kunshan for the years ended March 31, 2017,
2016 and 2015 was Rs.351, Rs.229 and Rs.195, respectively. The carrying value of the Company’s investment in Reddy Kunshan as of March 31, 2017 and 2016 was Rs.1,519 and Rs.1,309, respectively. The translation adjustment arising out of
translation of foreign currency balances amounted to Rs.97 and Rs.239 as of March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

11. Other investments

Other investments consist of investments in units of mutual funds, equity securities and term deposits (i.e., certificates of
deposit having an original maturity period exceeding 3 months) with banks. The details of such investments as of March 31, 2017 are as follows:

Cost   Gain recognized directly in equity   Fair value
Investment in units of mutual funds   Rs.   9,677   Rs.   1,464   Rs.   11,141
Investment in equity securities (1)   2,703   2,260   4,963
Term deposits with banks   3,403   —   3,403
Rs.   15,783   Rs.   3,724   Rs.   19,507
Current portion
Investment in units of mutual funds   Rs.   9,464   Rs.   1,417   Rs.   10,881
Term deposits with banks   3,389   —   3,389
Rs.   12,853   Rs.   1,417   Rs.   14,270
Non-current portion
Investment in units of mutual funds   Rs.   213   Rs.   47   Rs.   260
Investment in equity securities (1)   2,703   2,260   4,963
Term deposits with banks   14   —   14
Rs.   2,930   Rs.   2,307   Rs.   5,237

(1)   Primarily represents the shares of Curis, Inc. Refer to
Note 32 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

F-36

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

11. Other investments (continued)

As of March 31, 2016, the details of such investments were as follows:

Cost   Gain recognized directly in equity   Fair value
Investment in units of mutual funds   Rs.   21,335   Rs.   1,223   Rs.   22,558
Investment in equity securities (1)   1,458   293   1,751
Term deposits with banks   12,713   —   12,713
Rs.   35,506   Rs.   1,516   Rs.   37,022
Current portion
Investment in units of mutual funds   Rs.   21,122   Rs.   1,199   Rs.   22,321
Term deposits with banks   12,713   —   12,713
Rs.   33,835   Rs.   1,199   Rs.   35,034
Non-current portion
Investment in units of mutual funds   Rs.   213   Rs.   24   Rs.   237
Investment in equity securities (1)   1,458   293   1,751
Rs.   1,671   Rs.   317   Rs.   1,988

(1)   Primarily represents the shares of Curis, Inc. Refer to
Note 32 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

12. Inventories

Inventories consist of the following:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Raw materials   Rs.   7,226   Rs.   5,769
Packing materials, stores and spares   2,315   2,057
Work-in-progress   6,614   7,049
Finished goods   12,374   10,703
Rs.   28,529   Rs.   25,578

The above table includes inventories of Rs.624 and Rs.730, which were carried at fair value
less cost to sell as at March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

During the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and
2015, the Company recorded inventory write-downs of Rs.3,085, Rs.2,746 and Rs.3,635, respectively. These adjustments were included in cost of revenues.

Cost of revenues for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 includes raw materials, consumables and changes in
finished goods and work in progress recognized in the income statement of Rs.30,250, Rs.33,051 and Rs.36,806, respectively. Cost of revenues for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 includes other expenditures recognized in the income
statement of Rs.32,203 Rs.29,376 and Rs.25,980, respectively.

13. Trade and other receivables

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Current
Trade and other receivables, gross   Rs.   38,926   Rs.   42,095
Less: Allowance for doubtful trade and other receivables   (861   )   (789   )
Trade and other receivables, net   Rs.   38,065   Rs.   41,306
Non-current
Trade and other receivables,
gross (1)   Rs.   206   Rs.   —
Less: Allowance for doubtful trade and other receivables   —   —
Trade and other receivables, net   Rs.   206   Rs.   —

(1)   Represents amounts receivable pursuant to an out-licensing arrangement with a customer. As these amounts are not expected to be realized with in twelve months from the end of the reporting date, they are disclosed as non-current.

F-37

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

13. Trade and other receivables (continued)

The Company maintains an allowance for impairment of doubtful accounts based
on financial condition of the customer, aging of the customer accounts receivable and historical experience of collections from customers. The activity in the allowance for impairment of trade account receivables is given below:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016
Balance at the beginning of the year   Rs.   789   Rs.   667
Provision for doubtful trade and other receivables, net   138   137
Trade and other receivables written off and exchange differences   (66   )   (15   )
Balance at the end of the year   Rs.   861   Rs.   789

14. Other assets

Other assets consist of the following:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Current
Balances and receivables from statutory authorities (1)   Rs.   4,151   Rs.   4,059
Export benefits receivable (2)   3,521   3,239
Prepaid expenses   712   679
Others   3,586   3,033
Rs.   11,970   Rs.   11,010
Non-current
Deposits   Rs.   651   Rs.   620
Others   332   443
Rs.   983   Rs.   1,063

(1)   Balances and receivables from statutory authorities
primarily consist of amounts receivable from the excise, value added tax and customs authorities of India and the unutilized excise input credits on purchases. These are regularly utilized to offset the Indian excise and service tax liability on
goods produced by and services provided by the Company. Accordingly, these balances have been classified as current assets.

(2)   Export benefits receivables primarily consist of amounts
receivable from various government authorities of India towards incentives on export sales made by the Company.

15. Cash and cash
equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Cash balances   Rs.   3   Rs.   2
Balances with banks   1,131   1,642
Term deposits with banks (original maturities up to 3 months)   2,732   3,277
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position   3,866   4,921
Bank overdrafts used for cash management purposes   87   —
Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flow   Rs.   3,779   Rs.   4,921

Cash and cash equivalents included restricted cash of Rs.177 and Rs.257 respectively, as of
March 31, 2017 and March 31, 2016, which consisted of:

•   Rs.64 as of March 31, 2017 and Rs.62 as of March 31, 2016, representing amounts in the
Company’s unclaimed dividend and debenture interest accounts;

•   Rs.38 as of March 31, 2017 and Rs.124 as of March 31, 2016, representing cash and cash equivalents
of the Company’s subsidiary in Venezuela, which are subject to foreign exchange controls (refer to Note 39 of these consolidated financial statements for further details);

•   Rs.49 as of March 31, 2017 and Rs.0 as of March 31, 2016, representing the portion of the purchase
consideration deposited in an escrow account, pursuant to an acquisition of an intangible asset; and

•   Rs.26 as of March 31, 2017 and Rs.71 as of March 31, 2016, representing other restricted cash
amounts.

F-38

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

16. Equity

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016
Par value per share   Rs.   5   Rs.   5
Authorized share capital   1,200   1,200
Fully paid up share capital
As at April 1   Rs.   853   Rs.   852
Add: Shares issued on exercise of stock options   1   1
Less: Buyback of equity shares   (25   )   —
As at March 31   Rs.   829   Rs.   853

The Company presently has only one class of equity shares. For all matters submitted to vote
in a shareholders meeting of the Company, every holder of an equity share, as reflected in the records of the Company as on the record date set for the shareholders meeting, shall have one vote in respect of each share held.

Should the Company declare and pay any dividends, such dividends will be paid in Indian rupees to each holder of equity shares
in proportion to the number of shares held to the total equity shares outstanding as on that date. Indian law on foreign exchange governs the remittance of dividends outside India.

In the event of liquidation of the Company, all preferential amounts, if any, shall be discharged by the Company. The
remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed to the holders of equity shares in proportion to the number of shares held to the total equity shares outstanding as on that date.

Final dividends on equity shares (including dividend tax on distribution of such dividends) are recorded as a liability on the
date of their approval by the shareholders and interim dividends are recorded as a liability on the date of declaration by the Company’s Board of Directors. The Company paid dividends of Rs.3,312, Rs.3,411 and Rs.3,067 and dividend distribution
tax thereon of Rs.78, Rs.695 and Rs.520 during the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The dividend paid per share was Rs.20, Rs.20 and Rs.18 during the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Buyback of equity shares

The Board of Directors of the Company, in their meeting held on February 17, 2016, approved a proposal to buy back equity
shares of the Company, subject to approval by the Company’s shareholders, for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs.15,694 and at a price not exceeding Rs.3,500 per equity share. The plan involved the purchase of such shares from shareholders of
the Company (including persons who become shareholders by cancelling American Depository Shares and receiving underlying equity shares, and excluding the promoters and promoter group of the Company) under the open market route in accordance with the
provisions contained in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy Back of Securities) Regulations, 1998 and the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder. The shares bought back under this plan were required to be extinguished in
accordance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy Back of Securities) Regulations, 1998 and the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder.

The Company’s shareholders approved the buyback plan on April 1, 2016, and implementation of the buyback plan
commenced on April 18, 2016 and ended on June 28, 2016.

Under this plan, the Company bought back and
extinguished 5,077,504 equity shares for an aggregate purchase price of Rs.15,694. The aggregate face value of the equity shares bought back was Rs.25.

Proposed dividend

At the
Company’s Board of Directors’ meeting held on May 12, 2017, the Board proposed a dividend of Rs.20 per share and aggregating to Rs.3,315, which is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders. Upon such approval, there
will be an additional cash outflow of Rs.675 for payment of dividend distribution tax thereon.

F-39

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

17. Earnings per share

The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was based on the
profit attributable to equity shareholders of Rs.12,039, Rs.20,013 and Rs.22,179, respectively.

The weighted average
number of equity shares outstanding, used for calculating the basic earnings per share, are as follows:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Issued equity shares as on April 1   170,607,653   170,381,174   170,108,868
Effect of shares issued on exercise of stock options   126,277   166,469   205,638
Effect of buyback of equity shares   (4,084,987   )   —   —
Weighted average number of equity shares at March 31   166,648,943   170,547,643   170,314,506
Earnings per share – Basic   Rs.   72.24   Rs.   117.34   Rs.   130.22

The weighted average number of equity shares outstanding, used for calculating the diluted
earnings per share, are as follows:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Weighted average number of equity shares (Basic)   166,648,943   170,547,643   170,314,506
Dilutive effect of stock options outstanding   348,733   525,137   618,927
Weighted average number of equity shares (Diluted)   166,997,675   171,072,780   170,933,433
Earnings per share – Diluted   Rs. 72.09   Rs. 116.98   Rs. 129.75

18. Loans and borrowings

Short term borrowings

The Company had net short term borrowings of Rs.43,539 as of March 31, 2017, as compared to Rs.22,718 as of March 31,
2016. The borrowings primarily consist of “packing credit” loans drawn by the parent company and other unsecured loans drawn by Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories SA (one of the Company’s subsidiaries in Switzerland) (the “Swiss
Subsidiary”) and OOO Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited (one of the Company’s subsidiaries in Russia).

Short term borrowings consist of the following:

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Packing credit borrowings   Rs. 18,699   Rs. 20,896
Other foreign currency borrowings   24,840   1,822
Rs. 43,539   Rs. 22,718

The interest rate profile of short term borrowings from banks is given below:

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Currency   Interest Rate   Currency   Interest Rate
Packing credit borrowings   USD   LIBOR + (30) to 1 bps   USD   LIBOR + (5) to 15 bps
USD   0.01%   —   —
INR   T-Bill + 30bps   EURO   LIBOR + 5 to 7.5 bps
INR   6.92% to 6.95%   —   —
RUB   9.95%   RUB   10.65% to 11.57%
Other foreign currency borrowings   USD   LIBOR + 40 to 60 bps   USD   LIBOR + 40 bps
RUB   10.48%   —   —

Short-term borrowing by Swiss Subsidiary

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Swiss Subsidiary borrowed U.S.$350 from certain institutional
lenders at an interest rate ranging from Libor plus 0.45% to 0.60% per annum. The borrowing was solely for the purpose of the acquisition of eight Abbreviated New Drug Applications (“ANDAs”) from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited in
the United States (refer to Note 42 of these consolidated financial statements for additional details).

F-40

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

18. Loans and borrowings (continued)

Long term borrowings

Long term borrowings, measured at amortized cost, consist of the following:

As at March 31
2017   2016
Foreign currency borrowing by the parent company   Rs.   4,852   Rs.   9,938
Obligations under finance leases   707   857
Rs.   5,559   Rs.   10,795
Current portion
Obligations under finance leases   Rs.   110   Rs.   110
Rs.   110   Rs.   110
Non-current portion
Foreign currency borrowing by the parent company   Rs.   4,852   Rs.   9,938
Obligations under finance leases   597   747
Rs.   5,449   Rs.   10,685

Long-term bank loan of the parent company

During the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company borrowed the sum of U.S.$150. The Company was required to repay the loan
in five equal quarterly installments commencing at the end of the 54th month and continuing until the end of the 66th month from August 12, 2013.

During the three months ended December 31, 2016, the Company entered into a financing arrangement with certain financial
institutions to refinance the aforementioned borrowing of U.S.$150.

The Company repaid U.S.$75 of this loan on
November 28, 2016, and is required to repay the U.S.$75 balance of the loan in 3 equal installments at the end of the 40th month, 43rd month and 46th month after the date the loan was made.

The loan agreement imposes various financial covenants on the Company. As of March 31, 2017, the Company was in compliance
with such financial covenants.

Undrawn lines of credit from bankers

The Company had undrawn lines of credit of Rs.21,156 and Rs.14,771 as of March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, from its
banks for working capital requirements. The Company has the right to draw upon these lines of credit based on its working capital requirements.

Non-derivative
 financial liabilities designated as cash flow hedges

The Company has
designated some of its foreign currency borrowings from banks
(non-derivative
 financial liabilities) as hedging instruments for hedge of foreign currency risk associated with highly probable forecasted
transactions and, accordingly, applies cash flow hedge accounting for such relationships.
Re-measurement
 gain/loss on such
non-derivative
 financial liabilities is
recorded in the Company’s hedging reserve as a component of equity and
re-classified
 to the consolidated income statement as revenue in the period corresponding to the occurrence of the forecasted
transactions. The carrying value of such
non-derivative
 financial liabilities as of March 31, 2017 and March 31, 2016 was Rs.0 and Rs.3,644, respectively.

The interest rate profiles of long-term borrowings (other than obligations under finance leases) as at March 31, 2017 and
2016 were as follows:

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Currency   Interest Rate   Currency   Interest Rate
Foreign currency borrowings   USD   LIBOR + 82.7 bps   USD   LIBOR + 125 bps

The aggregate maturities of long term loans and borrowings, based on contractual maturities,
as of March 31, 2017 were as follows:

F-41

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

18. Loans and borrowings (continued)

Long term borrowings (continued)

Maturing in the year ending March 31,   Foreign currency loan   Obligations under finance leases   Total
2018   Rs.   —   Rs.   110   Rs.   110
2019   —   56   56
2020   1,610   51   1,661
2021   3,242   53   3,295
2022   —   57   57
Thereafter   —   380   380
Rs.   4,852   Rs.   707   Rs.   5,559

The aggregate maturities of long term loans and borrowings, based on contractual maturities,
as of March 31, 2016 were as follows:

Maturing in the year ending March 31,   Foreign currency loan   Obligations under finance leases   Total
2017   Rs.   —   Rs.   110   Rs.   110
2018   1,988   101   2,089
2019   7,950   59   8,009
2020   —   54   54
2021   —   58   58
Thereafter   —   475   475
Rs.   9,938   Rs.   857   Rs.   10,795

Obligations under finance leases

The Company has leased buildings, plant and machinery and vehicles under finance leases. Future minimum lease payments under
finance leases as at March 31, 2017 were as follows:

Particulars   Present value of minimum lease payments   Interest   Future minimum lease payments
Not later than one year   Rs.   110   Rs.   77   Rs.   187
Between one and five years   217   149   366
More than five years   380   84   464
Rs.   707   Rs.   310   Rs.   1,017

Future minimum lease payments under finance leases as at March 31, 2016 were as follows:

Particulars   Present value of minimum lease payments   Interest   Future minimum lease payments
Not later than one year   Rs.   110   Rs.   106   Rs.   216
Between one and five years   272   203   475
More than five years   475   125   600
Rs.   857   Rs.   434   Rs.   1,291

19. Employee benefits

Gratuity benefits provided by the parent company

In accordance with applicable Indian laws, the Company has a defined benefit plan which provides for gratuity payments (the
“Gratuity Plan”) and covers certain categories of employees in India. The Gratuity Plan provides a lump sum gratuity payment to eligible employees at retirement or termination of their employment. The amount of the payment is based on the
respective employee’s last drawn salary and the years of employment with the Company. Effective September 1, 1999, the Company established the Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Gratuity Fund (the “Gratuity Fund”) to fund the
Gratuity Plan. Liabilities in respect of the Gratuity Plan are determined by an actuarial valuation, based upon which the Company makes contributions to the Gratuity Fund. Trustees administer the contributions made to the Gratuity Fund. Amounts
contributed to the Gratuity Fund are invested in bonds issued by the Government of India and in debt securities and equity securities of Indian companies.

F-42

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

19. Employee benefits (continued)

The components of gratuity cost recognized in the income statement for the
years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 consist of the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Current service cost   Rs.   221   Rs.   177   Rs.   148
Interest on net defined benefit liability/(asset)   14   2   7
Gratuity cost recognized in income statement   Rs.   235   Rs.   179   Rs.   155

Details of the employee benefits obligations and plan assets are provided below:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Present value of funded obligations   Rs.   1,840   Rs.   1,540
Fair value of plan assets   (1,687   )   (1,303   )
Net defined benefit liability recognized   Rs.   153   Rs.   237

Details of changes in the present value of defined benefit obligations are as follows:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Defined benefit obligations at the beginning of the year   Rs.   1,540   Rs.   1,236
Current service cost   221   177
Interest on defined obligations   114   93
Re-measurements due to:
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to change in financial assumptions   30   35
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to demographic assumptions   (12   )   11
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to experience changes   62   106
Benefits paid   (115   )   (118   )
Defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   Rs.   1,840   Rs.   1,540

Details of changes in the fair value of plan assets are as follows:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year   Rs.   1,303   Rs.   1,157
Employer contributions   348   190
Interest on plan assets   99   91
Re-measurements due to:
Return on plan assets excluding interest on plan assets   52   (17   )
Benefits paid   (115   )   (118   )
Plan assets at the end of the year   Rs.   1,687   Rs.   1,303

Sensitivity Analysis:

As of March 31, 2017
Defined benefit obligation without effect of projected salary growth   Rs.   1,054
Add: Effect of salary growth   786
Defined benefit obligation with projected salary growth   1,840
Defined benefit obligation, using discount rate minus 50 basis points   1,911
Defined benefit obligation, using discount rate plus 50 basis points   1,774
Defined benefit obligation, using salary growth rate plus 50 basis points   1,910
Defined benefit obligation, using salary growth rate minus 50 basis points   1,774

F-43

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

19. Employee benefits (continued)

Summary of the actuarial assumptions:
The actuarial assumptions used in accounting for
the Gratuity Plan are as follows:

The assumptions used to determine benefit obligations:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Discount rate   7.20%   7.80%   8.00%
Rate of compensation increase   7% per annum for the first year and 9% per annum thereafter   10% per annum for the first 2 years and 9% per annum thereafter   10% per annum for the first 2 years and 9% per annum thereafter

The assumptions used to determine gratuity cost:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Discount rate   7.80%   8.00%   9.00%
Rate of compensation increase   10% per annum for the first 2 years and 9% per annum thereafter   10% per annum for the first 2 years and 9% per annum thereafter   11% per annum for the first 2 years and 10% per annum thereafter

Contributions:
The Company expects to contribute Rs.153 to the Gratuity Plan during the
year ending March 31, 2018.

Disaggregation of plan assets:
The Gratuity Plan’s weighted-average asset
allocation as of March 31, 2017 and 2016, by asset category, was as follows:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Funds managed by insurers   99   %   99   %
Others   1   %   1   %

The expected future cash flows in respect of gratuity as at March 31, 2017 were as
follows:

Expected contribution   Amount
During the year ended March 31, 2018 (estimated)   Rs.   153
Expected future benefit payments
March 31, 2018   209
March 31, 2019   196
March 31, 2020   192
March 31, 2021   188
March 31, 2022   176
Thereafter   2,581

Pension plan of the Company’s subsidiary, Industrias Quimicas Falcon de Mexico

All employees of the Company’s Mexican subsidiary, Industrias Quimicas Falcon de Mexico (“Falcon”), are entitled
to a pension benefit in the form of a defined benefit pension plan. The Falcon pension plan provides for payment to vested employees at retirement or termination of employment. Liabilities in respect of the pension plan are determined by an
actuarial valuation, based on which the Company makes contributions to the pension plan fund. This fund is administered by a third party, who is provided guidance by a technical committee formed by senior employees of Falcon.

The components of net pension cost recognized in the income statement for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015
consist of the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Current service cost   Rs.   13   Rs.   14   Rs.   13
Interest on net defined benefit liability/(asset)   12   11   9
Total cost recognized in income statement   Rs.   25   Rs.   25   Rs.   22

F-44

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

19. Employee benefits (continued)

Details of the employee benefits obligation and plan assets are provided
below:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Present value of funded obligations   Rs.   218   Rs.   249
Fair value of plan assets   (60   )   (61   )
Net defined benefit liability recognized   Rs.   158   Rs.   188

Details of changes in the present value of defined benefit obligations are as follows:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Defined benefit obligations at the beginning of the year   Rs.   249   Rs.   252
Current service cost   13   14
Interest on defined obligations   17   17
Re-measurements due to:
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to change in financial assumptions   (24   )   (7   )
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to demographic assumptions   0   7
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to experience changes   7   3
Benefits paid   (19   )   (22   )
Foreign exchange differences   (25   )   (15   )
Defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   Rs.   218   Rs.   249

Details of changes in the fair value of plan assets are as follows:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year   Rs.   61   Rs.   68
Employer contributions   19   16
Interest on plan assets   6   6
Re-measurements due to:
Return on plan assets excluding interest on plan assets   (0   )   (2   )
Benefits paid   (19   )   (22   )
Foreign exchange differences   (7   )   (5   )
Plan assets at the end of the year   Rs.   60   Rs.   61

Sensitivity Analysis:

As of March 31, 2017
Defined benefit obligation without effect of projected salary growth   Rs. 139
Plus effect of salary growth   79
Defined benefit obligation with projected salary growth   218
Defined benefit obligation, using discount rate minus 50 basis points   229
Defined benefit obligation, using discount rate plus 50 basis points   208
Defined benefit obligation, using salary growth rate plus 50 basis points   230
Defined benefit obligation, using salary growth rate minus 50 basis points   207

Contributions:
The Company expects to contribute Rs.34 to the Falcon defined benefit plans during the
year ending March 31, 2018.

Summary of the actuarial assumptions:
The actuarial assumptions used in accounting for the Falcon
defined benefit plans are as follows:

Assumptions used to determine defined benefit obligations:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Discount rate   8.75   %   7.75   %   7.50   %
Rate of compensation increase   4.50   %   4.50   %   4.50   %

F-45

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

19. Employee benefits (continued)

Assumptions used to determine defined benefit cost:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Discount rate   7.75   %   7.50   %   8.00   %
Rate of compensation increase   4.50   %   4.50   %   4.50   %

Plan assets:
The Falcon pension plan’s weighted-average asset allocation at March 31, 2017
and 2016, by asset category is as follows:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Corporate bonds   51   %   51   %
Others   49   %   49   %

The expected future cash flows in respect of post-employment benefit plans in Mexico as at March 31, 2017
were as follows:

Expected contribution   Amount
During the year ended March 31, 2018 (estimated)   Rs.34
Expected future benefit payments
March 31, 2018   2
March 31, 2019   4
March 31, 2020   6
March 31, 2021   8
March 31, 2022   11
Thereafter   572

Provident fund benefits

Certain categories of employees of the Company receive benefits from a provident fund, a defined contribution plan. Both the
employee and employer each make monthly contributions to a government administered fund equal to 12% of the covered employee’s qualifying salary. The Company has no further obligations under the plan beyond its monthly contributions. The
Company contributed Rs.682, Rs.574 and Rs.492 to the provident fund plan during the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Superannuation benefits

Certain categories of employees of the Company participate in superannuation, a defined contribution plan administered by the
Life Insurance Corporation of India. The Company makes monthly contributions based on a specified percentage of each covered employee’s salary. The Company has no further obligations under the plan beyond its monthly contributions. The Company
contributed Rs.79, Rs.71 and Rs.68 to the superannuation plan during the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Other
contribution plans

In the United States, the Company sponsors a defined contribution 401(k) retirement savings
plan for all eligible employees who meet minimum age and service requirements. The Company contributed Rs.231, Rs.204 and Rs.195 to the 401(k) retirement savings plan during the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
Company has no further obligations under the plan beyond its monthly matching contributions.

In the United Kingdom,
certain social security benefits (such as pension, unemployment and disability) are funded by employers and employees through mandatory National Insurance contributions. The contribution amounts are determined based upon the employee’s salary.
The Company has no further obligations under the plan beyond its monthly contributions. The Company contributed Rs.134, Rs.156 and Rs.151 to the National Insurance during the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

Compensated absences

The Company provides for accumulation of compensated absences by certain categories of its employees. These employees can carry
forward a portion of the unutilized compensated absences and utilize them in future periods or receive cash in lieu thereof as per the Company’s policy. The Company records a liability for compensated absences in the period in which the
employee renders the services that increases this entitlement. The total liability recorded by the Company towards this obligation was Rs.855 and Rs.792 as at March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

F-46

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

19. Employee benefits (continued)

Long term incentive plan

Certain senior management employees of the Company participate in a long term incentive plan which is aimed at rewarding the
individual, based on performance of such individual, their business unit/function and the Company as a whole, with significantly higher rewards for superior performances. The total liability recorded by the Company towards this benefit was Rs.622
and Rs.881 as at March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.

Total employee benefit expenses, including share based
payments, incurred during the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 amounted to Rs.31,069, Rs.31,174 and Rs.28,967, respectively.

20.
Employee stock incentive plans

Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Plan -2002 (the “DRL 2002 Plan”):

The Company instituted the DRL 2002 Plan for all eligible employees pursuant to the special resolution approved by the
shareholders in the Annual General Meeting held on September 24, 2001. The DRL 2002 Plan covers all employees of DRL and its subsidiaries and directors (excluding promoter directors) of DRL and its subsidiaries (collectively, “eligible
employees”). The Nomination, Governance and Compensation Committee of the Board of DRL (the “Committee”) administers the DRL 2002 Plan and grants stock options to eligible employees. The Committee determines which eligible employees
will receive options, the number of options to be granted, the exercise price, the vesting period and the exercise period. The vesting period is determined for all options issued on the date of grant. The options issued under the DRL 2002 Plan vest
in periods ranging between one and four years and generally have a maximum contractual term of five years.

The DRL 2002
Plan, as amended at annual general meetings of shareholders held on July 28, 2004 and on July 27, 2005, provides for stock option grants in two categories:

Category A
: 300,000 stock options out of the total of 2,295,478 options reserved for grant having an exercise price
equal to the fair market value of the underlying equity shares on the date of grant; and

Category B
: 1,995,478
stock options out of the total of 2,295,478 options reserved for grant having an exercise price equal to the par value of the underlying equity shares (i.e., Rs.5 per option).

Under the DRL 2002 Plan, the exercise price of the fair market value options granted under Category A above is determined
based on the average closing price for 30 days prior to the grant in the stock exchange where there is highest trading volume during that period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, after obtaining the approval of the shareholders in
the annual general meeting, grant options with a per share exercise price other than fair market value and par value of the equity shares.

After the stock split effected in the form of stock dividend issued by the Company in August 2006, the DRL 2002 Plan provides
for stock option grants in the above two categories as follows:

Particulars   Number of options reserved under category A   Number of options reserved under category B   Total
Options reserved under original Plan   300,000   1,995,478   2,295,478
Options exercised prior to stock dividend date (A)   94,061   147,793   241,854
Balance of shares that can be allotted on exercise of options (B)   205,939   1,847,685   2,053,624
Options arising from stock dividend (C)   205,939   1,847,685   2,053,624
Options reserved after stock dividend (A+B+C)   505,939   3,843,163   4,349,102

Stock option activity under the DRL 2002 Plan for the two categories of options during the
years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 is as follows:

Category A — Fair Market Value Options:
 There were no options
outstanding under this category as of March 31, 2017 and March 31, 2016.

F-47

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

20. Employee stock incentive plans (continued)

Dr. Reddy’s Employees Stock Option Plan -2002 (the “DRL 2002
Plan”) (continued)

For the Year Ended March 31, 2017
Category B — Par Value Options   Shares arising out of options   Range of exercise prices   Weighted average exercise price   Weighted average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning of the period   427,348   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   72
Granted during the period   103,136   5.00   5.00   90
Expired/forfeited during the period   (22,597   )   5.00   5.00   —
Exercised during the period   (177,745   )   5.00   5.00   —
Outstanding at the end of the period   330,142   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   69
Exercisable at the end of the period   40,882   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   38
For the Year Ended March 31, 2016
Category B — Par Value Options   Shares arising out of options   Range of exercise prices   Weighted average exercise price   Weighted average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning of the period   585,454   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   71
Granted during the period   102,224   5.00   5.00   90
Expired/forfeited during the period   (66,319   )   5.00   5.00   —
Exercised during the period   (194,011   )   5.00   5.00   —
Outstanding at the end of the period   427,348   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   72
Exercisable at the end of the period   53,801   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   42

The weighted average grant date fair value of par value options granted under category B above
of the DRL 2002 Plan during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was Rs.3,266 and Rs.3,350 per option, respectively. The weighted average share price on the date of exercise of options during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was
Rs.3,292 and Rs.3,504 per share, respectively.

The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised under the DRL 2002 Plan
during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was Rs.584 and Rs.679, respectively. As of March 31, 2017, options outstanding under the DRL 2002 Plan had an aggregate intrinsic value of Rs.867 and options exercisable under the DRL 2002
Plan had an aggregate intrinsic value of Rs.107.

The term of the DRL 2002 plan was extended for a period of 10 years
effective as of January 29, 2012 by the shareholders at the Company’s Annual General Meeting held on July 20, 2012.

Dr. Reddy’s Employees ADR Stock Option Plan, 2007 (the “DRL 2007 Plan”)

The Company instituted the DRL 2007 Plan for all eligible employees in pursuance of the special resolution approved by the
shareholders in the Annual General Meeting held on July 27, 2005. The DRL 2007 Plan became effective upon its approval by the Board of Directors on January 22, 2007. The DRL 2007 Plan covers all employees and directors (excluding promoter
directors) of DRL and its subsidiaries (collectively, “eligible employees”). The Committee administers the DRL 2007 Plan and grants stock options to eligible employees. The Committee determines which eligible employees will receive the
options, the number of options to be granted, the exercise price, the vesting period and the exercise period. The vesting period is determined for all options issued on the date of grant. The options issued under the DRL 2007 Plan vest in periods
ranging between one and four years and generally have a maximum contractual term of five years.

The DRL 2007 Plan
provides for option grants in two categories:

Category A
: 382,695 stock options out of the total of 1,530,779 stock
options reserved for grant having an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying equity shares on the date of grant; and

Category B
: 1,148,084 stock options out of the total of 1,530,779 stock options reserved for grant having an exercise
price equal to the par value of the underlying equity shares (i.e., Rs.5 per option).

F-48

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

20. Employee stock incentive plans (continued)

Dr. Reddy’s Employees ADR Stock Option Plan, 2007 (the “DRL 2007 Plan”) (continued)

No options have been granted under Category A as of March 31, 2017. Stock options activity for category B
options under the DRL 2007 Plan during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 is as follows:

For the Year Ended March 31, 2017
Category B — Par Value Options   Shares arising out of options   Range of exercise prices   Weighted average exercise price   Weighted average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning of the period   92,043   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   79
Granted during the period   52,956   5.00   5.00   90
Expired/forfeited during the period   (23,039   )   5.00   5.00   —
Exercised during the period   (33,819   )   5.00   5.00   —
Outstanding at the end of the period   88,141   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   74
Exercisable at the end of the period   6,517   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   43
For the Year Ended March 31, 2016
Category B — Par Value Options   Shares arising out of options   Range of exercise prices   Weighted average exercise price   Weighted average remaining useful life (months)
Outstanding at the beginning of the period   98,350   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   72
Granted during the period   40,184   5.00   5.00   90
Expired/forfeited during the period   (14,023   )   5.00   5.00   —
Exercised during the period   (32,468   )   5.00   5.00   —
Outstanding at the end of the period   92,043   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   79
Exercisable at the end of the period   7,141   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   45

The weighted average grant date fair value of par value options granted under category B of the DRL 2007 Plan
during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was Rs.3,266 and Rs.3,465, respectively. The weighted average share price on the date of exercise of options during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 was Rs.3,268 and Rs.3,575,
respectively.

The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised under the DRL 2007 Plan during the years ended
March 31, 2017 and 2016 was Rs.110 and Rs.116, respectively. As of March 31, 2017, options outstanding under the DRL 2007 Plan had an aggregate intrinsic value of Rs.232 and options exercisable under the DRL 2007 Plan had an aggregate
intrinsic value of Rs.17.

During the year ended March 31, 2015, the Company adopted a new program to grant performance
linked stock options to certain employees under the DRL 2002 Plan and the DRL 2007 Plan. Under this program, performance targets are measured each year against
pre-defined
 interim targets over the three year
period ending on March 31, 2017 and eligible employees are granted stock options upon meeting such targets. The stock options so granted are ultimately vested with the employees who meet subsequent service vesting conditions which range from 1
to 4 years. After vesting, such stock options generally have a maximum contractual term of five years.

Valuation of stock options:

The fair value of stock options granted under the DRL 2002 Plan and the DRL 2007 Plan has been measured using the
Black–Scholes-Merton model at the date of the grant.

The Black-Scholes-Merton model includes assumptions regarding
dividend yields, expected volatility, expected terms and risk free interest rates. In respect of par value options granted under category B, the expected term of an option (or “option life”) is estimated based on the vesting term,
contractual term, as well as expected exercise behavior of the employees receiving the option. In respect of fair market value options granted under category A, the option life is estimated based on the simplified method. Expected volatility of the
option is based on historical volatility, during a period equivalent to the option life, of the observed market prices of the Company’s publicly traded equity shares. Dividend yield of the options is based on recent dividend activity. Risk-free
interest rates are based on the government securities yield in effect at the time of the grant. These assumptions reflect management’s best estimates, but these assumptions involve inherent market uncertainties based on market conditions
generally outside of the Company’s control. As a result, if other assumptions had been used in the current period, stock-based compensation expense could have been materially impacted. Further, if management uses different assumptions in future
periods, stock based compensation expense could be materially impacted in future years.

F-49

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

20. Employee stock incentive plans (continued)

The estimated fair value of stock options is recognized in the consolidated
income statement on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was, in substance, multiple awards.

The weighted average inputs used in computing the fair value of options granted were as follows:

Grants made on
November 15, 2016   September 20, 2016   July 26, 2016   May 11, 2015
Expected volatility   32.77   %   32.92   %   29.88   %   25.98   %
Exercise price   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00   Rs.   5.00
Option life   2.5 Years   2.5 Years   2.5 Years   2.5 Years
Risk-free interest rate   6.27   %   6.81   %   6.91   %   7.87   %
Expected dividends   0.60   %   0.60   %   0.60   %   0.60   %
Grant date share price   Rs.   3,310.70   Rs.   3,157.80   Rs.   3,319.65   Rs.   3,359.70

The fair value of services received in return for stock options granted to employees is
measured by reference to the fair value of stock options granted.

Equity settled share-based payment expense

For the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded employee share based payment expense of Rs.350,
Rs.442 and Rs.498, respectively. As of March 31, 2017, there was Rs.374 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.94 years.

Cash settled share based payments

Certain of the Company’s employees are eligible for share based payment awards that are settled in cash. These awards
entitle the employees to a cash payment, on the exercise date, subject to vesting upon satisfaction of certain service conditions which range from 1 to 4 years. The amount of cash payment is determined based on the price of the Company’s ADSs
at the time of exercise. For the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company recorded cash settled share based payment expense of Rs.48 and Rs.29, respectively. As of March 31, 2017, there was Rs.58 of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to unvested awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.1 years. This scheme does not involve dealing in or subscribing to or purchasing securities of the Company, directly or indirectly.

21. Provisions

The
details of changes in provisions during the year ended March 31, 2017 are as follows:

Particulars   Allowance for sales return (1)   Environmental liability (2)   Legal and others (3)   Total
Balance as at April 1, 2016   Rs.   4,421   Rs.   55   Rs.   338   Rs.   4,814
Provision made during the year   3,177   —   387   3,564
Provision used or reversed during the year   (3,746   )   —   —   (3,746   )
Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates   (68   )   (8   )   —   (76   )
Balance as at March 31, 2017   Rs.   3,784   Rs.   47   Rs.   725   Rs.   4,556
Current   Rs.   3,784   Rs.   —   Rs.   725   Rs.   4,509
Non-current   —   47   —   47
Rs.   3,784   Rs.   47   Rs.   725   Rs.   4,556

(1)   Provision for sales returns is accounted by recording a provision based on the Company’s estimate of
expected sales returns. See Note 3(l) for the Company’s accounting policy on sales returns.

(2)   As a result of the acquisition of a unit of The Dow
Chemical Company in April 2008, the Company assumed a liability for contamination of the Mirfield site acquired of Rs.39 (carrying value Rs.47). The seller is required to indemnify the Company for this liability. Accordingly, a corresponding asset
has also been recorded in the statements of financial position.

(3)   Of this Rs.387 provision, Rs.374 represents the potential
liability arising out of a litigation relating to cardiovascular and anti-diabetic formulations. Refer to Note 44 (Contingencies) of these consolidated financial statements under “Product and patent related matters—Matters relating to
National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority—Litigation relating to Cardiovascular and Anti-diabetic formulations” for further details.

F-50

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

22. Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables consist of the following:

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Due to related parties   Rs.   9   Rs.   0
Others   13,408   12,300
Rs.   13,417   Rs.   12,300

23. Other liabilities

Other liabilities consist of the following:

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Current
Advance from customers   Rs.   310   Rs.   335
Statutory dues payable   558   535
Accrued expenses   13,963   14,245
Deferred revenue   509   324
Employee benefits payable   4,416   3,832
Others   2,089   2,799
Rs.   21,845   Rs.   22,070
Non-current
Statutory dues payable   Rs.   0   Rs.   5
Deferred revenue   3,166   1,528
Others   911   1,628
Rs.   4,077   Rs.   3,161

24. Revenue

Revenue consists of the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Sales   Rs.   138,663   Rs.   152,476   Rs.   146,131
Services   1,536   1,466   1,689
License fees   610   766   369
Rs.   140,809   Rs.   154,708   Rs.   148,189

Revenue includes excise duties of Rs.939, Rs.842 and Rs.829 for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and
2015, respectively.

25. Other (income)/expense, net

Other (income)/expense, net consists of the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Loss on sale/disposal of property, plant and equipment and other intangibles, net   Rs.   80   Rs.   112   Rs.   144
Sale of spent chemical   (206   )   (271   )   (521   )
Miscellaneous income, net (1)   (939   )   (715   )   (540   )
Rs.   (1,065   )   Rs.   (874   )   Rs.   (917   )

(1)   During the three months ended March 31, 2017,
the Company entered into an agreement with Galderma Laboratories, LP to settle the ongoing litigation relating to the Company’s launch of a generic product in the United States of America. Pursuant to the settlement, the Company recorded an
amount of Rs.417, representing the relevant consideration attributable to settlement of such litigation.

F-51

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

26. Finance (expense)/income, net

Finance (expense)/income, net consists of the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Interest income   Rs.   558   Rs.   1,399   Rs.   1,061
Dividend and profit on sale of other investments (1)   956   852   755
Foreign exchange gain/(loss), net (2)   (74   )   (4,133   )   958
Interest expense   (634   )   (826   )   (1,092   )
Rs.   806   Rs.   (2,708   )   Rs.   1,682

(1)   Profit on sale of other investments primarily represents
amounts reclassified from other comprehensive income to the consolidated income statement on redemption of the Company’s “available for sale” financial instruments.

(2)   Includes the foreign exchange losses related to the
Company’s Venezuela operations of Rs.41, Rs.4,621 and Rs.843 for the year ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 respectively. Refer to Note 39 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

27. Income taxes

a. Income tax (expense)/benefit
recognized in the income statement

Income tax (expense)/benefit recognized in the consolidated income statement
consists of the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Current taxes
Domestic   Rs.   (1,936   )   Rs.   (4,331   )   Rs.   (4,461   )
Foreign   (1,158   )   (3,046   )   (2,545   )
Rs.   (3,094   )   Rs.   (7,377   )   Rs.   (7,006   )
Deferred taxes (expense)/benefit
Domestic   Rs.   223   Rs.   132   Rs.   637
Foreign   257   118   385
Rs.   480   Rs.   250   Rs.   1,022
Total income tax expense recognized in the consolidated income statement   Rs.   (2,614   )   Rs.   (7,127   )   Rs.   (5,984   )

b. Income tax (expense)/benefit recognized directly in equity

Income tax (expense)/benefit recognized directly in equity consists of the following:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Tax effect on changes in fair value of other investments   Rs.   (499   )   Rs.   (88   )   Rs.   (366   )
Tax effect on foreign currency translation differences   148   (62   )   174
Tax effect on effective portion of change in fair value of cash flow hedges   (60   )   (23   )   96
Tax effect on actuarial gains/losses on defined benefit obligations   14   64   16
Rs.   (397   )   Rs.   (109   )   Rs.   (80   )

F-52

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

27. Income taxes (continued)

c.
Reconciliation of effective tax rate

The following is a reconciliation of the Company’s effective tax rates for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and
2015:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Profit before income taxes   Rs.   14,653   Rs.   27,140   Rs.   28,163
Enacted tax rate in India   34.61   %   34.61   %   33.99   %
Computed expected tax benefit/(expense)   Rs.   (5,071   )   Rs.   (9,393   )   Rs.   (9,572   )
Effect of:
Differences between Indian and foreign tax rates   Rs.   98   Rs.   1,122   Rs.   566
(Unrecognized deferred tax assets)/recognition of previously unrecognized deferred tax assets,
net   (2,849   )   (1,600   )   18
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes   (219   )   (138   )   (110   )
Reversal of earlier years’ tax provisions   1,370   —   —
Income exempt from income taxes   280   731   794
Foreign exchange differences   439   (836   )   (380   )
Incremental deduction allowed for research and development costs   3,111   2,782   2,265
Tax expense on distributed/undistributed earnings of subsidiary outside India   (3   )   (519   )   —
Deduction for Qualified domestic production activities in the United States   —   38   4
Effect of change in tax rate   104   (30   )   (25   )
Investment allowance deduction   363   177   251
Others   (238   )   539   205
Income tax benefit/(expense)   Rs.   (2,614   )   Rs.   (7,127   )   Rs.   (5,984   )
Effective tax rate   18   %   26   %   21   %

The Company’s consolidated weighted average tax rates for the years ended March 31,
2017 and 2016 were 18% and 26%, respectively. Income tax expense was Rs.2,614 for the year ended March 31, 2017, as compared to income tax expense of Rs.7,127 for the year ended March 31, 2016. The effective tax rate for the year ended
March 31, 2017 was lower by 8% compared to the year ended March 31, 2016 primarily due to the resolution of a certain tax matter resulting in a reversal of Rs.1,370 in income tax expense pertaining to earlier years.

d. Unrecognized deferred tax assets and liabilities

The details of unrecognized deferred tax assets and liabilities are summarized below:

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Deductible temporary differences, net   Rs.   3,488   Rs.   1,157
Operating tax loss carry forward   3,027   3,166
Rs.   6,515   Rs.   4,323

During the year ended March 31 2017, the Company, based on probable future taxable
profit, has recognized previously unrecognized deferred tax assets of Rs.128 pertaining to Octoplus N.V. Netherlands.

During the year ended March 31, 2017, the Company did not recognize deferred tax assets of Rs.2,331 on certain deductible
temporary differences, as the Company believes that it is not probable that there will be available taxable profits against which such temporary differences can be utilized.

Deferred income taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of Rs.30,430 as at March 31, 2017, of subsidiaries
outside India, where it is expected that earnings of the subsidiaries will not be distributed in the foreseeable future. Generally, the Company indefinitely reinvests all the accumulated undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, and
accordingly, has not recorded any deferred taxes in relation to such undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. It is impracticable to determine the taxes payable when these earnings are remitted.

F-53

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

27. Income taxes (continued)

e. Deferred tax assets and liabilities

The tax effects of significant temporary differences that resulted in deferred tax assets and liabilities and a description of
the items that created these differences is given below:

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities):
Inventory   Rs.   2,385   Rs.   2,579
Minimum Alternate Tax*   1,614   1,614
Trade and other receivables   424   412
Operating tax loss and interest loss carry-forward   1,329   548
Other current assets and other current liabilities, net   1,715   2,026
Property, plant and equipment   (2,142   )   (1,745   )
Other intangible assets   (370   )   (482   )
Others   (579   )   (722   )
Net deferred tax assets   Rs.   4,376   Rs.   4,230

*   As per Indian tax laws, companies are liable for a Minimum Alternate Tax (“MAT” tax) when current
tax, as computed under the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (“Tax Act”), is determined to be below the MAT tax computed under section 115JB of the Tax Act. The excess of MAT tax over current tax is eligible to be carried forward and set-off in the future against the current tax liabilities over a period of 15 years.

In assessing whether the deferred income tax assets will be realized, management considers whether some portion or all of the
deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred income tax assets and tax loss carry forwards is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the temporary differences
become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategy in making this assessment. Based on the level of historical taxable income and projections of
future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, management believes that the Company will realize the benefits of those recognized deductible differences and tax loss carry forwards. Recoverability of deferred
tax assets is based on estimates of future taxable income. Any changes in such future taxable income would impact the recoverability of deferred tax assets.

Operating loss carry forward consists of business losses, unabsorbed depreciation and unabsorbed interest carry-forwards. A
portion of this total loss can be carried indefinitely and the remaining amounts expire at various dates ranging from 2018 through 2038.

f.
Movement in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the years ended March
 31, 2017 and

2016
.

The details of movement in deferred tax assets and liabilities are summarized below:

As at March 31, 2016   Recognized in income statement   Recognized in equity   Acquired in business combination   As at March 31, 2017
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
Inventory   Rs.   2,579   Rs.   (194   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   2,385
Minimum Alternate Tax   1,614   —   —   —   1,614
Trade and other receivables   412   12   —   —   424
Operating tax loss and interest loss carry-forward   548   781   —   —   1,329
Other current assets and other current liabilities, net   2,026   (231   )   (80   )   —   1,715
Property, plant and equipment   (1,745   )   (397   )   —   —   (2,142   )
Intangible assets   (482   )   112   —   —   (370   )
Others   (722   )   424   (281   )   —   (579   )
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)   Rs.   4,230   Rs.   507   Rs.   (361   )   Rs.   —   Rs.   4,376

F-54

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

27. Income taxes (continued)

As at March 31, 2015   Recognized in income statement   Recognized in equity   Acquired in business combination   As at March 31, 2016
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
Inventory   Rs.   3,477   Rs.   (898)   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   2,579
Minimum Alternate Tax   644   970   —   —   1,614
Trade and other receivables   316   96   —   —   412
Operating tax loss and interest loss carry-forward   810   (262   )   —   —   548
Other current assets and other current liabilities, net   1,267   1,036   (277   )   —   2,026
Property, plant and equipment   (1,230   )   (515   )   —   —   (1,745   )
Intangible assets   (1,145   )   663   —   —   (482   )
Others   (126   )   (872   )   276   —   (722   )
Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)   Rs.   4,013   Rs.   218   Rs.   (1)   Rs.   —   Rs.   4,230

The amounts recognized in the income statement during the years ended March 31, 2017 and
2016 include Rs.27 and Rs.(32), respectively, which represent exchange differences arising due to foreign currency translations.

28. Operating leases

The Company has leased offices and vehicles under various operating lease agreements that are renewable on a periodic
basis at the option of both the lessor and the lessee. Rental expense under these leases was Rs.751, Rs.819 and Rs.822 for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

The schedule of future minimum rental payments in respect of
non-cancellable
 operating
leases is set out below:

As of March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Less than one year   Rs.   383   Rs.   396   Rs.   384
Between one and five years   961   1,185   1,259
More than five years   366   663   852
Rs.   1,710   Rs.   2,244   Rs.   2,495

During the year ended March 31, 2014, the Company entered into a
non-cancellable
 operating lease for an office and laboratory facility in the United States. The future minimum rental payments in respect of this lease are Rs.904 (U.S.$14), Rs.1,394 (U.S.$21) and Rs.1,458 (U.S.$23)
as of March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

29. Related parties

The Company has entered into transactions with the following related parties:

•   Green Park Hotel and Resorts Limited for hotel services;

•   Dr. Reddy’s Foundation towards contributions for social development;

•   Pudami Educational Society towards contributions for social development;

•   Dr. Reddy’s Institute of Life Sciences for research and development services ; and

•   Stamlo Hotels Limited for hotel services.

These are enterprises over which key management personnel have control or significant influence. “Key management
personnel” consists of the Company’s Directors and members of the Company’s Management Council.

The Company
has also entered into cancellable operating lease transactions with key management personnel and their relatives.

Further, the Company contributes to the Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Gratuity Fund, which maintains the plan assets of
the Company’s Gratuity Plan for the benefit of its employees. See Note 19 of these consolidated financial statements for information on transactions between the Company and the Gratuity Fund. The following is a summary of significant related
party transactions:

F-55

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

29. Related parties (continued)

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Purchases of raw materials   Rs. —   Rs. —   Rs. 5
Research and development services received   114   102   92
Contributions towards social development   318   249   237
Hotel expenses paid   44   51   41
Lease rentals paid under cancellable operating leases to key management personnel and their
relatives   39   37   36

The Company has the following amounts due from related parties:

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Key management personnel (towards rent deposits)   Rs.   8   Rs.   8
Other related parties   —   1

The Company has the following amounts due to related parties:

As at March 31,
2017   2016
Due to related parties   Rs.   9   Rs.   0

The following table describes the components of compensation paid or payable to key management personnel for
the services rendered during the year ended:

For the Year Ended March 31,
2017   2016   2015
Salaries and other benefits (1)   Rs.   380   Rs.   336   Rs.   300
Contributions to defined contribution plans   28   19   16
Commission to directors   180   263   285
Share-based payments expense   75   76   72
Total   Rs.   663   Rs.   694   Rs.   673

(1)   In addition to the above, the Company has accrued Rs.79
and Rs.169 towards a long term incentive plan for the services rendered by key management personnel during the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Refer to Note 19 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

Some of the key management personnel of the Company are also covered under the Company’s Gratuity
Plan along with the other employees of the Company. Proportionate amounts of gratuity accrued under the Company’s Gratuity Plan have not been separately computed or included in the above disclosure.

30. Financial instruments

Financial instruments by category

The carrying value and fair value of financial instruments by each category as at March 31, 2017 were as follows:

Note   Loans and receivables   Available for sale   Other financial liabilities   Derivative financial instruments   Total carrying value   Total fair value
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents   15   Rs.3,866   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   3,866   Rs.   3,866
Other investments   11   3,403   16,104   —   —   19,507   19,507
Trade and other receivables   13   38,271   —   —   —   38,271   38,271
Derivative financial instruments   —   —   —   262   262   262
Other assets (1)   14   1,916   —   —   —   1,916   1,916
Total   Rs.   47,456   Rs.   16,104   Rs.   —   Rs.   262   Rs.   63,822   Rs.   63,822
Liabilities:
Trade and other payables   22   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   13,417   Rs.   —   Rs.   13,417   Rs.   13,417
Derivative financial instruments   —   —   —   10   10   10
Long-term borrowings   18   —   —   5,571   —   5,571   5,571
Short-term borrowings   18   —   —   43,539   —   43,539   43,539
Bank overdraft   15   —   —   87   —   87   87
Other liabilities and provisions (2)   21 & 23   —   —   20,391   —   20,391   20,391
Total   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   83,005   Rs.   10   Rs.   83,015   Rs.   83,015

F-56

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

30. Financial instruments (continued)

The carrying value and fair value of financial instruments by each category as at
March 31, 2016 were as follows:

Note   Loans and receivables   Available for sale   Other financial liabilities   Derivative financial instruments   Total carrying value   Total fair value
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents   15   Rs.   4,921   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   4,921   Rs.   4,921
Other investments   11   12,713   24,309   —   —   37,022   37,022
Trade and other receivables   13   41,306   —   —   —   41,306   41,306
Derivative financial instruments   —   —   —   175   175   175
Other assets (1)   14   2,270   —   —   —   2,270   2,270
Total   Rs.   61,210   Rs.   24,309   Rs.   —   Rs.   175   Rs.   85,694   Rs.   85,694
Liabilities:
Trade and other payables   22   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   12,300   Rs.   —   Rs.   12,300   Rs.   12,300
Derivative financial instruments   —   —   —   108   108   108
Long-term borrowings   18   —   —   10,795   —   10,795   10,795
Short-term borrowings   18   —   —   22,718   —   22,718   22,718
Other liabilities and provisions (2)   21 & 23   —   —   25,387   —   25,387   25,387
Total   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   71,200   Rs.   108   Rs.   71,308   Rs.   71,308

(1)   Other assets that are not financial assets (such as
receivables from statutory authorities, export benefit receivables, prepaid expenses, advances paid and certain other receivables) of Rs.14,450 and Rs.11,467 as of March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, are not included.

(2)   Other liabilities that are not financial liabilities
(such as statutory dues payable, deferred revenue, advances from customers and certain other accruals) of Rs.11,570 and Rs.7,239 as of March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, are not included.

Fair value hierarchy

Level 1 -
Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included
within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices).

Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

The following table presents the fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as
of March 31, 2017:

Particulars   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Available for sale—Financial asset—Investments in units of mutual funds   Rs.   11,141   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   11,141
Available for sale—Financial asset—Investment in equity securities   4,962   —   —   4,962
Derivative financial instruments—gain/(loss) on outstanding foreign exchange forward, option
and swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts (1)   —   252   —   252

The following table presents the fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at
fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2016:

Particulars   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Available for sale—Financial asset—Investments in units of mutual funds   Rs.   22,558   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   22,558
Available for sale—Financial asset—Investment in equity securities   1,751   —   —   1,751
Derivative financial instruments—gain/(loss) on outstanding foreign exchange forward, option
and swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts (1)   —   67   —   67

(1)   The Company enters into derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally financial
institutions and banks. Derivatives valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs are mainly interest rate swaps, foreign exchange forward option and swap contracts. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward
pricing, swap models and Black-Scholes-Merton models (for option valuation), using present value calculations.

The models incorporate various inputs including foreign exchange spot and forward rates, interest rate curves and forward rate
curves. As at March 31, 2017, the changes in counterparty credit risk had no material effect on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives designated in hedge relationships and other financial instruments recognized at fair value.

F-57

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

30. Financial instruments (continued)

Derivative financial instruments

The Company is exposed to exchange rate risk that arises from its foreign exchange revenues and expenses, primarily in U.S.
dollars, U.K. pounds sterling, Russian roubles and Euros, and foreign currency debt in U.S. dollars, Russian roubles and Euros. The Company uses forward contracts, option contracts and currency swap contracts (collectively, “derivatives”)
to mitigate its risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

The counterparty for these contracts is generally a
bank or a financial institution. The Company had a derivative financial asset and derivative financial liability of Rs.262 and Rs.10, respectively, as of March 31, 2017, as compared to derivative financial asset and derivative financial
liability of Rs.175 and Rs.108, respectively, as of March 31, 2016, towards these derivative financial instruments.

Further, in respect of these foreign exchange derivative contracts, the Company has recorded, as part of finance costs, a net
gain of Rs.699, Rs.231 and Rs.2,226, for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively.

Hedges of highly probable forecasted
transactions

•   The Company classifies its derivative contracts that hedge foreign exchange risk associated with its highly
probable forecasted transactions as cash flow hedges and measures them at fair value. The effective portion of such cash flow hedges is recorded as a component of equity within the Company’s “hedging reserve”, and re-classified to the consolidated income statement as revenue in the period corresponding to the occurrence of the forecasted transactions. The ineffective portion of such cash flow hedges is immediately recorded in
the consolidated income statement as a finance cost.

•   The Company also designates certain non-derivative financial
liabilities, such as foreign currency borrowings from banks, as hedging instruments for the hedge of foreign exchange risk associated with highly probable forecasted transactions and, accordingly, applies cash flow hedge accounting for such
relationships. Re-measurement gain/loss on such non-derivative financial liabilities is recorded as a component of equity within the Company’s “hedging
reserve”, and re-classified in the consolidated income statement as revenue in the period corresponding to the occurrence of the forecasted transactions.

•   In respect of the aforesaid hedges of highly probable forecasted transactions, the Company recorded, as a
component of equity, a net gain of Rs.968, Rs.966 and Rs.99 for the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

•   The Company also recorded, as a component of revenue, a net loss of Rs.683, a net loss of Rs.1,172 and a net
gain of Rs.300 during the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

•   The net carrying amount of the Company’s “hedging reserve” as a component of equity before
adjusting for tax impact was a gain of Rs.129 as at March 31, 2017, as compared to a loss of Rs.839 as at March 31, 2016.

Hedges of recognized assets and liabilities

Changes in the fair value of forward contracts and option contracts that economically hedge monetary assets and liabilities in
foreign currencies, and for which no hedge accounting is applied, are recognized in the consolidated income statement. The changes in fair value of the forward contracts and option contracts, as well as the foreign exchange gains and losses relating
to the monetary items, are recognized in the consolidated income statement as part of “net finance costs”.

Outstanding foreign exchange
derivative contracts

The following table gives details in respect of the notional amount of outstanding foreign
exchange derivative contracts as of March 31, 2017.

Category   Instrument   Currency   Cross Currency (1)   Amounts   Buy/ Sell
Hedges of recognized assets and liabilities   Forward contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   193.5   Sell
Forward contract   U.S.$   RON   U.S.$   3.0   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   RUB   U.S.$   20.0   Buy
Forward contract   EUR   U.S.$   EUR   95.0   Sell
Forward contract   GBP   U.S.$   GBP   14.1   Buy
Option contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   80.0   Sell
Hedges of highly probable forecasted transactions   Forward contract   RUB   INR   RUB   150.0   Sell
Option contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   180.0   Sell

F-58

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

30. Financial instruments (continued)

The following table gives details in respect of the notional amount of
outstanding foreign exchange derivative contracts as of March 31, 2016.

Category   Instrument   Currency   Cross Currency (1)   Amounts   Buy/Sell
Hedges of recognized assets and liabilities   Forward contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   97.0   Sell
Forward contract   U.S.$   RON   U.S.$   8.0   Buy
Forward contract   U.S.$   RUB   U.S.$   15.0   Buy
Forward contract   EUR   U.S.$   EUR   35.5   Sell
Option contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   100.0   Sell
Hedges of highly probable forecasted transactions   Forward contract   RUB   INR   RUB   600.0   Sell
Option contract   EUR   INR   EUR   6.0   Sell
Option contract   U.S.$   INR   U.S.$   235.0   Sell

(1)   “INR” means Indian Rupees, “RON” means Romanian new leus, and “RUB” means
Russian roubles.

The table below summarizes the periods when the cash flows associated with highly
probable forecasted transactions that are classified as cash flow hedges are expected to occur:

As of March 31,
2017   2016
Cash flows in U.S. Dollars
Not later than one month   Rs.   973   Rs.   2,816
Later than one month and not later than three months   1,946   5,300
Later than three months and not later than six months   2,918   7,123
Later than six months and not later than one year   5,837   3,975
Rs.   11,674   Rs.   19,214
Cash flows in Roubles
Not later than one month   Rs.   57   Rs.   123
Later than one month and not later than three months   115   246
Later than three months and not later than six months   —   222
Rs.   172   Rs.   591
Cash flows in Euros
Not later than one month   Rs.   —   Rs.   38
Later than one month and not later than three months   —   75
Later than three months and not later than six months   —   113
Later than six months and not later than one year   —   226
Rs.   —   Rs.   452

Hedges of changes in the interest rates:

Consistent with its risk management policy, the Company uses interest rate swaps (including cross currency interest rate swaps)
to mitigate the risk of changes in interest rates. The Company does not use them for trading or speculative purposes.

The
changes in fair value of such interest rate swaps (including cross currency interest rate swaps) are recognized as part of finance cost.

As on March 31, 2017, the Company had no outstanding interest rate swap arrangements.

F-59

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

31. Financial risk management

The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks,
including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s primary risk management focus is to minimize potential adverse effects of market risk on its financial performance. The Company’s risk management assessment and policies
and processes are established to identify and analyze the risks faced by the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor such risks and compliance with the same. Risk assessment and management policies and processes are
reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company’s risk assessment and management policies and processes.

a. Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet
its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers and investment securities. Credit risk is managed through credit approvals, establishing credit limits and continuously monitoring the
creditworthiness of customers to which the Company grants credit terms in the normal course of business. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful debts and impairment that represents its estimate of incurred losses in respect of trade and
other receivables and investments.

Trade and other receivables

The Company’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The
demographics of the customer, including the default risk of the industry and country in which the customer operates, also has an influence on credit risk assessment. Credit risk is managed through credit approvals, establishing credit limits and
continuously monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which the Company grants credit terms in the normal course of business.

Investments

The Company limits its exposure to credit risk by generally investing in liquid securities and only with
counterparties that have a good credit rating. The Company does not expect any losses from
non-performance
 by these counter-parties, and does not have any significant concentration of exposures to specific
industry sectors or specific country risks.

Financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired

None of the Company’s cash equivalents, including term deposits (i.e., certificates of deposit) with banks, were past due
or impaired as at March 31, 2017. Of the total trade and other receivables, Rs.27,809 as at March 31, 2017 and Rs.34,840 as at March 31, 2016 consisted of customer balances that were neither past due nor impaired.

Financial assets that are past due but not impaired

The Company’s credit period for customers generally ranges from 20—180 days. The aging of trade and other receivables
that are past due but not impaired is given below:

As of March 31,
Period (in days)   2017   2016
1 – 90   Rs.   8,380   Rs.   5,151
90 – 180   707   577
More than 180   1,376   738
Total   Rs.   10,463   Rs.   6,466

See Note 13 of these consolidated financial statements for the activity in the allowance for
impairment of trade and other receivables.

Other than trade and other receivables, the Company has no significant class
of financial assets that is past due but not impaired.

b. Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company
manages its liquidity risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risk to the
Company’s reputation.

As of March 31, 2017 and 2016, the Company had unutilized credit limits from banks of
Rs.21,156 and Rs.14,771, respectively.

As of March 31, 2017, the Company had working capital of Rs.15,198, including
cash and cash equivalents of Rs.3,866, investments in term deposits (i.e., bank certificates of deposit having original maturities of more than 3 months) of Rs.3,389 and investments in

available-for-sale
 financial assets of Rs.10,881. As of March 31, 2016, the Company had working capital of Rs.55,042, including cash and cash equivalents of
Rs.4,921, investments in term deposits (i.e., bank certificates of deposit having original maturities of more than 3 months) of Rs.12,713 and investments in

available-for-sale
 financial assets of Rs.24,309.

F-60

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

31. Financial risk management (continued)

b. Liquidity risk (continued)

The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of
significant financial liabilities (other than long term loans, borrowings and obligations under finance leases, which have been disclosed in Note 18 to these consolidated financial statements) as at March 31, 2017:

Particulars   2018   2019   2020   2021   Thereafter   Total
Trade and other payables   Rs.   13,417   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   13,417
Bank overdraft, short—term loans and borrowings   43,626   —   —   —   —   43,626
Other liabilities and provisions   19,564   88   7   9   723   20,391
Derivative financial instruments—liabilities   10   —   —   —   —   10

The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial
liabilities (other than long term loans, borrowings and obligations under finance leases, which have been disclosed in Note 18 to these consolidated financial statements) as at March 31, 2016:

Particulars   2017   2018   2019   2020   Thereafter   Total
Trade and other payables   Rs.   12,300   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.12,300
Bank overdraft, short-term loans and borrowings   22,718   —   —   —   —   22,718
Other liabilities and provisions   23,861   702   40   14   770   25,387
Derivative financial instruments—liabilities   108   —   —   —   —   108

c. Market risk

Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, fair values or future cash flows that may result from adverse changes in
market rates and prices (such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices) or in the price of market risk-sensitive instruments as a result of such adverse changes in market rates and prices. Market risk is attributable
to all market risk-sensitive financial instruments, all foreign currency receivables and payables and all short term and long-term debt. The Company is exposed to market risk primarily related to foreign exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and
the market value of its investments. Thus, the Company’s exposure to market risk is a function of investing and borrowing activities and revenue generating and operating activities in foreign currencies.

Foreign exchange risk

The Company’s foreign exchange risk arises from its foreign operations, foreign currency revenues and expenses, (primarily
in U.S. dollars, Russian roubles, U.K. pounds sterling and Euros) and foreign currency borrowings (in U.S. dollars, Russian roubles and Euros). A significant portion of the Company’s revenues are in these foreign currencies, while a significant
portion of its costs are in Indian rupees. As a result, if the value of the Indian rupee appreciates relative to these foreign currencies, the Company’s revenues measured in Indian rupees may decrease. The exchange rate between the Indian rupee
and these foreign currencies has changed substantially in recent periods and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future. Consequently, the Company uses both derivative and
non-derivative
 financial
instruments, such as foreign exchange forward contracts, option contracts, currency swap contracts and foreign currency financial liabilities, to mitigate the risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates in respect of its highly probable
forecasted transactions and recognized assets and liabilities.

The details in respect of the outstanding foreign exchange
forward and option contracts are given in Note 30 above.

In respect of the Company’s forward contracts, option
contracts and currency swap contracts, a 10% decrease/increase in the respective exchange rates of each of the currencies underlying such contracts would have resulted in:

•   a Rs.1,154/(710) increase/(decrease) in the Company’s hedging reserve and a Rs.2,143/(2,287)
increase/(decrease) in the Company’s net profit from such contracts, as at March 31, 2017;

•   a Rs.1,511/(424) increase/(decrease) in the Company’s hedging reserve and a Rs.1,277/(1,707)
increase/(decrease) in the Company’s net profit from such contracts, as at March 31, 2016; and

•   a Rs.1,308/(631) increase/(decrease) in the Company’s hedging reserve and a Rs.1,598/(1,790)
increase/(decrease) in the Company’s net profit from such contracts, as at March 31, 2015.

The carrying value of the Company’s foreign currency borrowings designated in a cash flow hedge as of March 31, 2017
was Rs.0. In respect of these borrowings, a 10% decrease/increase in the respective exchange rates of each of the currencies underlying such borrowings would have resulted in a Rs.364 and Rs.1,031 increase/decrease in the Company’s hedging
reserve as at March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.

F-61

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

31. Financial risk management (continued)

c. Market risk (continued)

The following table analyzes foreign currency risk from non-derivative
financial instruments as at March 31, 2017:

U.S. dollars   Euro   Russian roubles   Others (1)   Total
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents   Rs.   130   Rs.   87   Rs.   59   Rs.   840   Rs.   1,116
Other investments   —   —   —   14   14
Trade and other receivables   24,581   567   6,259   2,121   33,528
Other assets   458   —   70   33   561
Total   Rs.   25,169   Rs.   654   Rs.   6,388   Rs.   3,008   Rs.   35,219
Liabilities:
Trade and other payables   Rs.   2,323   Rs.   903   Rs.   —   Rs.   328   Rs.   3,554
Long-term borrowings   4,865   —   76   —   4,941
Short-term borrowings   12,970   —   4,023   —   16,993
Bank overdraft   86   —   —   —   86
Other liabilities and provisions   6,660   117   1,640   622   9,039
Total   Rs.   26,904   Rs.   1,020   Rs.   5,739   Rs.   950   Rs.   34,613

The following table analyzes foreign currency risk from non-derivative financial instruments as at
March 31, 2016:

U.S. dollars   Euro   Russian roubles   Others (1)   Total
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents   Rs.   1,378   Rs.   93   Rs.   258   Rs.   614   Rs.   2,343
Other investments   832   —   —   —   832
Trade and other receivables   30,518   891   4,125   1,816   37,350
Other assets   190   —   76   320   586
Total   Rs.   32,918   Rs.   984   Rs.   4,459   Rs.   2,750   Rs.   41,111
Liabilities:
Trade and other payables   Rs.   2,681   Rs.   875   Rs.   —   Rs.   369   Rs.   3,925
Long-term borrowings   9,946   —   113   —   10,059
Short-term borrowings   13,846   5,768   3,104   —   22,718
Other liabilities and provisions   9,880   99   1,448   867   12,294
Total   Rs.   36,353   Rs.   6,742   Rs.   4,665   Rs.   1,236   Rs.   48,996

(1)   Others include currencies such as U.K. pounds sterling, Swiss francs and Venezuelan bolivars.

For the years ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, every 10% depreciation/appreciation in the exchange
rate between the Indian rupee and the respective currencies for the above mentioned financial assets/liabilities would affect the Company’s net profit by Rs. 61 and Rs. 789, respectively.

Further, in February 2016, the Venezuelan government announced changes to its foreign currency exchange mechanisms, including
the devaluation of its official exchange rate. Refer to Note 39 of these consolidated financial statements for further details.

Interest rate risk

As of March 31, 2017, the Company had Rs. 41,407 of loans carrying a floating interest rate ranging from
LIBOR minus 30 bps to LIBOR plus 82.7 bps and the Treasury Bill plus 30 bps. As of March 31, 2016, the Company had Rs. 29,552 of foreign currency loans carrying a floating interest rate of LIBOR minus 5 bps to LIBOR plus 125 bps. These
loans expose the Company to risk of changes in interest rates. The Company’s treasury department monitors the interest rate movement and manages the interest rate risk based on its policies, which include entering into interest rate swaps as
considered necessary.

For details of the Company’s short-term and long term loans and borrowings, including interest
rate profiles, refer to Note 18 of these consolidated financial statements.

For the years ended March 31, 2017, 2016
and 2015, every 10% increase or decrease in the floating interest rate component (i.e., LIBOR) applicable to its loans and borrowings would affect the Company’s net profit by Rs. 46, Rs. 12 and Rs. 6, respectively.

F- 62

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

31. Financial risk management (continued)

c. Market risk (continued)

The Company’s investments in term deposits (i.e., certificates of
deposit) with banks and short—   term liquid mutual funds are for short durations, and therefore do not expose the Company to significant interest rates risk.

Commodity rate risk

Exposure to market risk with respect to commodity prices primarily arises from the Company’s purchases and sales of active
pharmaceutical ingredients, including the raw material components for such active pharmaceutical ingredients. These are commodity products, whose prices may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time. The prices of the Company’s raw
materials generally fluctuate in line with commodity cycles, although the prices of raw materials used in the Company’s active pharmaceutical ingredients business are generally more volatile. Cost of raw materials forms the largest portion of
the Company’s cost of revenues. Commodity price risk exposure is evaluated and managed through operating procedures and sourcing policies. As of March 31, 2017, the Company had not entered into any material derivative contracts to hedge
exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices.

32. Collaboration agreement with Curis, Inc.

On January 18, 2015, Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited (“Aurigene”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
parent company, entered into a Collaboration, License and Option Agreement (the “Collaboration Agreement”) with Curis, Inc. (“Curis”) to discover, develop and commercialize small molecule antagonists for immuno-oncology and
precision oncology targets.

Under the Collaboration Agreement, Aurigene has the responsibility for conducting all
discovery and preclinical activities, including Investigational New Drug (“IND”) enabling studies and providing Phase 1 clinical trial supply, and Curis is responsible for all clinical development, regulatory and commercialization efforts
worldwide, excluding India and Russia. The Collaboration Agreement provides that the parties will collaborate exclusively in immuno-oncology for an initial period of approximately two years, with the option for Curis to extend the broad
immuno-oncology exclusivity.

As partial consideration for the collaboration, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement dated
January 18, 2015, Curis issued to Aurigene 17.1 million shares of its common stock, representing 19.9% of its outstanding common stock immediately prior to the transaction (approximately 16.6% of its outstanding common stock immediately
after the transaction). Such shares were initially subject to a lock-up agreement. However, as of March 31, 2017, lock-up restrictions were released on all of the aforementioned 17.1 million shares. In connection with the issuance of such
shares, Curis and Aurigene entered into a Registration Rights Agreement dated January 18, 2015 which provides for certain registration rights with respect to resale of the shares. The common stock of Curis is listed for quotation on the NASDAQ
Global Market.

The fair value of the shares of Curis common stock on the date of the Stock Purchase Agreement was
Rs. 1,452 (U.S.$23.5).

Revenues under the Collaboration Agreement consist of upfront consideration (including the
shares of Curis common stock) and the development and commercial milestone payments described below, which are deferred and recognized as revenue over the period for which Aurigene has continuing performance obligations.

Under the Collaboration Agreement, Aurigene is entitled to development and commercial milestone payments as follows:

•   for the first two programs: up to U.S.$52.5 per program, including U.S.$42.5 for approval and commercial
milestones, plus pre-specified approval milestone payments for additional indications, if any;

•   for the third and fourth programs: up to U.S.$50 per program, including U.S.$42.5 for approval and commercial
milestones, plus pre-specified approval milestone payments for additional indications, if any; and

•   for any program thereafter: up to U.S.$140.5 per program, including U.S.$87.5 for approval and commercial
milestones, plus pre-specified approval milestone payments for additional indications, if any.

In
addition, Curis has agreed to pay Aurigene royalties, ranging between high single digits to 10%, on its net sales in territories where it commercializes products. Furthermore, Aurigene is entitled to receive a share of Curis’ revenues from
sublicenses, which share varies based upon specified factors such as the sublicensed territory, whether the sublicense revenue is royalty based or non-royalty based and, in some cases, the stage of the applicable molecule and product at the time the
sublicense is granted.

On September 7, 2016, the Collaboration Agreement was amended to provide for the issuance to
Aurigene of approximately 10.2 million additional shares of Curis common stock in lieu of receiving up to U.S.$24.5 of milestone and other payments from Curis that could have become due under the Collaboration Agreement. These shares of Curis
common stock are recorded at U.S.$1.84 per share, which is equal to the market price of such shares of common stock on the date of issuance, amounting to an aggregate market value of Rs. 1,247 (U.S.$18.8).

F-63

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

32. Collaboration agreement with Curis, Inc. (continued)

These additional shares are also subject to a

lock-up
 agreement, which is similar to the
lock-up
 for the original Curis shares the Company received. However, this
lock-up

remains effective until September 7, 2018, with shares being released from such
lock-up
 in 25% increments on each of March 7, 2017, September 7, 2017, March 7, 2018 and September 7,
2018, subject to acceleration of release of all the shares in connection with a change of control of Curis. As of March 31, 2017,
lock-up
 restrictions were released on an aggregate of 2.55 million of
such additional shares of Curis common stock, representing 25% of the shares which Aurigene received from Curis in 2016.

The Company has evaluated the transaction under IAS 28, “Investments in associates and Joint Ventures,” and believes
that the Company does not have any significant influence with respect to Curis. Accordingly, all of the shares of Curis common stock are classified as
available-for-sale

financial instruments and are
re-measured
 at fair value at every reporting date. Accordingly, gain of Rs.2,228 arising from changes in the fair value of such shares of common stock was recorded in other
comprehensive income as of March 31, 2017.

This arrangement is accounted for as a joint operation under IFRS 11.

33. Agreement with Merck Serono

On June 6, 2012, the Company and the biosimilars division of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, formerly known as Merck
Serono (hereinafter, “Merck KGaA”), entered into a collaboration agreement to
co-develop
 a portfolio of biosimilar compounds in oncology, primarily focused on monoclonal antibodies. The arrangement
covers
co-development,
 manufacturing and commercialization of the compounds around the globe, with some specific country exceptions. During the year ended March 31, 2016, the collaboration agreement was
amended to rearrange and realign the development of compounds, territory rights and royalty payments. Both parties will undertake commercialization based on their respective regional rights as defined in the agreement. The Company will lead and
support early product development towards or including Phase I development. Merck KGaA will carry out manufacturing of the compounds and will lead further development for its territories. In its exclusive and

co-exclusive
 territories, the Company will carry out its own development, wherever applicable, for commercialization. As per the original collaboration agreement, the Company will continue to receive royalty
payments upon commercialization by Merck KGaA in its territories.

During the three months ended December 31, 2015,
the Company received from Merck KGaA certain amounts relating to its share of development costs and other amounts linked to the achievement of milestones for the development of compounds under the collaboration agreement, as amended.

Furthermore, during the three months ended December 31, 2016, the Company received from Merck KGaA payments of U.S.$1
towards achievement of a milestone for the development of a compound under the collaboration agreement.

On April 24,
2017, Fresenius SE & Co. KgaA and Merck KGaA announced that Fresenius Kabi will acquire Merck’s Biosimilars business. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions and is expected to close in
the second half of calendar year 2017. Upon completion of the transaction, the Company’s collaboration will continue as planned, with Fresenius Kabi.

34. Agreement with Pierre Fabre

On February 11, 2014, Aurigene entered into a collaborative license, development and commercialization agreement with
Pierre Fabre, the third largest French pharmaceutical company. This agreement granted Pierre Fabre global worldwide rights (excluding India) to a new immune checkpoint modulator,
AUNP-12,
 which was in
development for numerous cancer indications.

Under the terms of this agreement, Aurigene received a
non-refundable
 upfront payment from Pierre Fabre, which was deferred and recognized as revenue over the period in which Aurigene had continuing performance obligations.

During the three months ended September 30, 2015, Aurigene entered into another agreement with Pierre Fabre to
transfer back to Aurigene the rights earlier
out-licensed
 for the development and commercialization of
AUNP-12.
 As a result of such arrangement, Aurigene paid to Pierre
Fabre a portion of the upfront consideration received and retained and recognized the remaining upfront consideration as revenue, as there are no pending performance obligations.

35. Asset purchase agreement with Hatchtech Pty Limited

On September 7, 2015, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Hatchtech Pty Limited
(“Hatchtech”) for the purchase of intellectual property rights to an innovative prescription head lice product, Xeglyze™ Lotion. The exclusive rights for this product are applicable for the territories of the United States, Canada,
India, Russia and other countries of the former Soviet Union, Australia, New Zealand and Venezuela.

As partial
consideration for the purchase of these assets, the Company paid Hatchtech an upfront amount of Rs.606. In addition to the foregoing payments, the Company is also required to pay certain development and commercial milestone related payments to
Hatchtech for purchase of these assets.

As of March 31, 2017, the Company has paid Hatchtech development milestone
payments of Rs.390.

The transaction was recorded as an acquisition of a product related intangible asset. As the
intangible asset is not yet available for use, it is not subject to amortization.

The carrying amount of the intangible
asset as on March 31, 2017 was Rs.993.

F-64

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

36. Asset purchase agreement with Alchemia

In November 2015, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Alchemia Limited (“Alchemia”) for the
purchase of worldwide, exclusive intellectual property rights to fondaparinux sodium. The closing conditions for the transaction included the approval of Alchemia’s shareholders, which was obtained on November 10, 2015. As per the terms of
the agreement, the Company paid net consideration of Rs.1,158 upon the closing of the transaction in exchange for the acquired intellectual property rights.

Prior to this asset purchase agreement, the Company had worldwide, exclusive rights from Alchemia to market fondaparinux
sodium in all territories in exchange for Alchemia’s right to an agreed share of the net profits generated from sales in those territories. As a result of the closing of the asset purchase agreement, Alchemia is not entitled to receive any
further profit share revenues from fondaparinux sales on or after July 1, 2015.

The transaction was recorded as an
acquisition of technology related intangible asset with an estimated useful life of 4 years.

The carrying amount of the
intangible asset as on March 31, 2017 was Rs.727.

37. Agreement with Novartis Consumer Health Inc.

On October 18, 2014, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories SA, entered into
an asset purchase agreement with Novartis Consumer Health Inc. to acquire the title and rights to its Habitrol
®
 brand (an

over-the-counter
 nicotine replacement therapy transdermal patch) and to market the product in the United States.

After obtaining the necessary approvals from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the Company completed the acquisition of
Habitrol
®
 on December 17, 2014. The total purchase consideration was Rs.5,097.

The transaction has been recorded as an acquisition of a product related intangible asset with a useful life of 8 years. The
carrying amount of the asset as at March 31, 2017 was Rs.3,470.

38. Receipt of warning letter from the U.S. FDA

The Company received a warning letter dated November 5, 2015 from the U.S. FDA relating to current Good Manufacturing
Practice (“cGMP”) deviations at its active pharmaceutical ingredient (“API”) manufacturing facilities at Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh and Miryalaguda, Telangana, as well as violations at its oncology formulation manufacturing
facility at Duvvada, Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh. The contents of the warning letter emanated from Form 483 observations that followed inspections of these sites by the U.S. FDA in November 2014, January 2015 and February-March 2015, respectively.

The warning letter does not restrict production or shipment of the Company’s products from these facilities.
However, unless and until the Company is able to correct outstanding issues to the U.S. FDA’s satisfaction, the U.S. FDA may withhold approval of new products and new drug applications of the Company, refuse admission of products manufactured
at the facilities noted in the warning letter into the United States, and/or take additional regulatory or legal action against the Company. Any such further action could have a material and negative impact on the Company’s ongoing business and
operations. During the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2017, the U.S. FDA withheld approval of new products from these facilities pending resolution of the issues identified in the warning letter. To minimize the business impact, the Company
transferred certain key products to alternate manufacturing facilities.

Subsequent to the issuance of the warning letter,
the Company promptly instituted corrective actions and preventive actions and submitted a comprehensive response to the warning letter to the U.S. FDA, followed by periodic written updates and
in-person

meetings with the U.S. FDA. The U.S. FDA completed the
re-inspection
 of the aforementioned manufacturing facilities in the months of March and April 2017. During the

re-inspections,
 the U.S. FDA issued three observations with respect to the API manufacturing facility at Miryalaguda, two observations with respect to the API manufacturing facility at Srikakulam and thirteen
observations with respect to the oncology formulation manufacturing facility. The Company has responded to these observations identified by the U.S. FDA, and believes that it can resolve them satisfactorily in a timely manner.

In June 2017, the U.S. FDA has issued an establishment inspection report which officially closed the audit of the
Company’s API manufacturing facility at Miryalaguda.

39. Venezuela operations

Dr. Reddy’s Venezuela, C.A., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is primarily engaged in the import of
pharmaceutical products from the parent company and other subsidiaries of the Company and the sale of such products in Venezuela.

Overhaul of the
exchange rate system in Venezuela

In February 2015, the Venezuelan government launched an overhaul of its then
existing exchange rate system and introduced a new exchange rate mechanism. The Marginal Currency System (known as “SIMADI”) was the third tier in the new three-tier exchange rate regime and allowed for legal trading of the Venezuelan
bolivar for foreign currency with fewer restrictions than other mechanisms in Venezuela (CENCOEX and SICAD). The new second tier (known as “SICAD”) was introduced with an initial rate of approximately 12 VEF per U.S.$1.00. The first tier
(known as “CENCOEX”), the official exchange rate, was unchanged and sold dollars at 6.3 VEF per U.S.$1.00 for preferential goods.

F-65

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

39. Venezuela operations (continued)

In February 2016, the Venezuelan government announced further changes to its
foreign currency exchange mechanisms, including the devaluation of its official exchange rate. The following changes became effective as of March 10, 2016:

•   The CENCOEX preferential rate was replaced with a new “DIPRO” rate. The DIPRO rate is only available
for purchases and sales of essential items. Further, the preferential exchange rate was devalued from 6.3 VEF per U.S.$1.00 to 10 VEF per U.S.$1.00.

•   The SICAD exchange rate mechanism, which last auctioned USD for 13 VEF per U.S.$1.00, was eliminated.

•   The SIMADI exchange rate mechanism was replaced with a new “DICOM” rate, which governs all
transactions not subject to the DIPRO exchange rate and will fluctuate according to market supply and demand. As of March 31, 2016, the DICOM exchange rate was 272.5 VEF per U.S.$1.00.

During the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company received approvals from the Venezuelan government for remittance of
only U.S.$4 towards the importation of pharmaceutical products at the CENCOEX preferential rate.

The Company fully
considered all the aforesaid developments, facts and circumstances and, following the guidance available in IAS 21, determined that it was appropriate to use the SIMADI/DICOM rate for translating the monetary assets and liabilities of the Venezuelan
subsidiary as at various reporting dates. Tabulated below was the impact of the foregoing on the financial statements of the Company as at March 31, 2015 and 2016:

Year ended
Particulars   March 31, 2015   March 31, 2016
Foreign exchange loss due to currency devaluation and translation of monetary assets and
liabilities using SIMADI/DICOM rate recorded under finance expense   Rs.   843   Rs.   4,621
Impact of inventory write down and reversal of export incentives recorded under cost of
revenues   —   341
Impairment of property, plant and equipment recorded under selling, general and administrative
expenses   —   123
Total   Rs.   843   Rs.   5,085

Update during the year ended March 31, 2017

Revenues for the year ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 were Rs.17 (VEF 162) and Rs.4,666 (VEF 457), respectively. During the
year ended March 31, 2017, the Company received approvals from the Venezuelan government to repatriate U.S.$0.4 at the preferential rate of 10 VEF per U.S.$1.00.

Consistent with the position taken as on March 31, 2016, the Company applied the DICOM rate for translating the financial
statements of the Venezuelan subsidiary for the year ended March 31, 2017. As a result, foreign exchange loss of Rs.41 was recognized for the year ended March 31, 2017. As of March 31, 2017, the DICOM rate was VEF 707.95 per
U.S.$1.00. Notwithstanding the ongoing uncertainty, the Company continues to actively engage with the Venezuelan Government and seek approval to repatriate funds at the preferential rate.

In May 2017, the Venezuelan government completed its first auction offering under DICOM, resulting in a DICOM rate of VEF
2,010 per U.S.$1.00. Also in May 2017, Venezuela announced its intent to launch a new currency exchange mechanism to replace the DICOM rate, but details have not yet been provided.

40. License agreement with Xenoport

On March 28, 2016, the Company and XenoPort, Inc. (“XenoPort”) entered into a license agreement pursuant to
which the Company was granted exclusive U.S. rights for the development and commercialization of XenoPort’s clinical stage oral new chemical entity. The Company plans to develop the
in-licensed
 compound
as a potential treatment for
moderate-to-severe
 chronic plaque psoriasis and for relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis.

The transaction was subject to satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions, including among other things the
expiration or early termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “HSR Act”), following the Company’s premerger notification filing under the HSR Act with
the applicable governmental authorities regarding its intention to acquire these rights.

Upon the completion of all
closing conditions, in May 2016, the Company paid Rs.3,159 as an
up-front
 payment and an additional Rs.169 for the transfer of certain clinical trial materials, as per the terms of the agreement.

In addition to the
up-front
 payment, XenoPort will also be eligible to receive up to
U.S.$190 upon the achievement by the Company of certain regulatory milestones, which could be achieved over a period of several years. Further, XenoPort will be eligible to receive up to U.S.$250 upon the achievement by the Company of certain
commercial milestones, and up to
mid-teens
 percentage rate royalty payments based on the Company’s net sales of the product in the United States.

F-66

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

40. License agreement with Xenoport (continued)

The upfront consideration has been recorded as an acquisition of a product
related intangible asset. As the intangible asset is not yet available for use, it is not subject to amortization. Consideration paid for the purchase of clinical trial materials is recognized as research and development expenditure in these
financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2017.

The carrying amount of the intangible asset as on
March 31, 2017 was Rs.3,108.

41. Asset purchase agreement with Ducere Pharma LLC

On May 23, 2016, the Company entered into and consummated an asset purchase agreement with Ducere Pharma LLC for the
purchase of certain pharmaceutical brands for a total consideration of Rs.1,148. The acquisition is expected to strengthen the Company’s presence in the dermatology,

cough-and-cold
 and pain therapeutic areas forming part of the Company’s

over-the-counter
 (“OTC”) business in the United States.

The Company recorded the acquisition of these brands as trademarks. The Company estimated that the useful life of these
brands is 15 years.

The carrying value of these intangibles as on March 31, 2017 was Rs.1,052.

42. Asset purchase agreement with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited

On June 10, 2016, the Company entered into a definitive purchase agreement with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(“Teva”) and an affiliate of Allergan plc (“Allergan”) to acquire eight Abbreviated New Drug Applications (“ANDAs”) in the United States for U.S.$350 in cash at closing. The acquired products were divested by Teva as a
precondition to the closing of its acquisition of Allergan’s generics business. The acquisition of these ANDAs was also contingent on the closing of the Teva/Allergan generics purchase transaction and approval by the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission.

The acquisition was consummated on August 3, 2016 upon the completion of all closing conditions, and the
Company paid U.S.$350 as the consideration for the acquired ANDAs.

Tabulated below are the details of products acquired
and the respective purchase prices:

Particulars of the ANDA   U.S.$   Rs.
Ethinyl estradiol/Ethonogestrel Vaginal Ring (a generic equivalent to NuvaRing ® )   185   12,351
Buprenorphine HCl/Naloxone HCl Sublingual Film (a generic equivalent to Suboxone ® sublingual film)   70   4,673
Ramelteon Tablets (a generic equivalent to
Rozerem ® )   34   2,270
Others   61   4,072
Grand Total   350   23,366

The Company recorded the aforesaid acquisition of these ANDAs as “product related
intangibles”. As these ANDAs are not available for use yet, they are not subject to amortization. The aforesaid acquisition forms part of Company’s Global Generics segment.

The carrying value of these intangibles as on March 31, 2017 was Rs.22,870.

43. Agreement with Gland Pharma Limited

On November 29, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with Gland Pharma Limited (“Gland”) to license,
market and distribute eight injectable ANDAs. Pursuant to the arrangement, the Company will pay Gland U.S.$6.8 as consideration for
in-licensing
 the aforesaid eight ANDAs upon completion of certain milestones
by Gland.

The carrying value of the intangible as on March 31, 2017 was Rs.212.

F-67

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

44. Contingencies

The Company is involved in disputes, lawsuits, claims, governmental and/or regulatory inspections, inquiries, investigations
and proceedings, including patent and commercial matters that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. The more significant matters are discussed below. Most of the claims involve complex issues. Often, these issues are subject to
uncertainties and therefore the probability of a loss, if any, being sustained and an estimate of the amount of any loss is difficult to ascertain. Consequently, for a majority of these claims, it is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the
expected financial effect, if any, that will result from ultimate resolution of the proceedings. This is due to a number of factors, including: the stage of the proceedings (in many cases trial dates have not been set) and the overall length and
extent of
pre-trial
 discovery; the entitlement of the parties to an action to appeal a decision; clarity as to theories of liability; damages and governing law; uncertainties in timing of litigation; and the
possible need for further legal proceedings to establish the appropriate amount of damages, if any. In these cases, the Company discloses information with respect to the nature and facts of the case. The Company also believes that disclosure of the
amount sought by plaintiffs, if that is known, would not be meaningful with respect to those legal proceedings.

Although
there can be no assurance regarding the outcome of any of the legal proceedings or investigations referred to in this Note, the Company does not expect them to have a materially adverse effect on its financial position, as it believes that the
likelihood of loss in excess of amounts accrued (if any) is not probable. However, if one or more of such proceedings were to result in judgments against the Company, such judgments could be material to its results of operations in a given period.

Product and patent related matters

Matters relating to National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority

Norfloxacin, India litigation

The Company manufactures and distributes Norfloxacin, a formulations product, and in limited quantities, the active
pharmaceutical ingredient norfloxacin. Under the Drugs Prices Control Order (the “DPCO”), the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (the “NPPA”) established by the Government of India had the authority to designate a
pharmaceutical product as a “specified product” and fix the maximum selling price for such product. In 1995, the NPPA issued a notification and designated Norfloxacin as a “specified product” and fixed the maximum selling price.
In 1996, the Company filed a statutory Form III before the NPPA for the upward revision of the maximum selling price and a writ petition in the Andhra Pradesh High Court (the “High Court”) challenging the validity of the designation on the
grounds that the applicable rules of the DPCO were not complied with while fixing the maximum selling price. The High Court had previously granted an interim order in favor of the Company; however it subsequently dismissed the case in April 2004.

The Company filed a review petition in the High Court in April 2004 which was also dismissed by the High Court in October
2004. Subsequently, the Company appealed to the Supreme Court of India, New Delhi (the “Supreme Court”) by filing a Special Leave Petition.

During the year ended March 31, 2006, the Company received a notice from the NPPA demanding the recovery of the price
charged by the Company for sales of Norfloxacin in excess of the maximum selling price fixed by the NPPA, which was Rs.285 including interest. The Company filed a writ petition in the High Court challenging this demand order. The High Court admitted
the writ petition and granted an interim order, directing the Company to deposit 50% of the principal amount claimed by the NPPA, which was Rs.77. The Company deposited this amount with the NPPA in November 2005. In February 2008, the High Court
directed the Company to deposit an additional amount of Rs.30, which was deposited by the Company in March 2008. In November 2010, the High Court allowed the Company’s application to include additional legal grounds that the Company believed
strengthened its defense against the demand. For example, the Company added as grounds that trade margins should not be included in the computation of amounts overcharged, and that it was necessary for the NPPA to set the active pharmaceutical
ingredient price before the process of determining the ceiling on the formulation price. In October 2013, the Company filed an additional writ petition before the Supreme Court challenging the inclusion of Norfloxacin as a “specified
product” under the DPCO. In January 2015, the NPPA filed a counter affidavit stating that the inclusion of Norfloxacin was based upon the recommendation of a committee consisting of experts in the field. On July 20, 2016, the Supreme Court
remanded the matters concerning the inclusion of Norfloxacin as a “specified product” under the DPCO back to the High Court for further proceedings. During the three months ended December 31, 2016, a writ petition pertaining to
Norfloxacin was filed by the Company with the Delhi High Court. Such writ petition is pending for admission.

During the
three months ended September 30, 2016, the Supreme Court dismissed the Special Leave Petition pertaining to the fixing of prices for Norfloxacin formulations.

Based on its best estimate, the Company has recorded a provision for potential liability for sale proceeds in excess of the
notified selling prices, including the interest thereon, and believes that the likelihood of any further liability that may arise on account of penalties pursuant to this litigation is not probable.

F-68

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

44. Contingencies (continued)

Product and patent related matters (continued)

Litigation relating to Cardiovascular and Anti-diabetic formulations

In July 2014, the NPPA, pursuant to the guidelines issued in May 2014 and the powers granted by the Government of India under
the Drugs (Price Control) Order, 2013, issued certain notifications regulating the prices for 108 formulations in the cardiovascular and antidiabetic therapeutic areas. The Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (“IPA”), in which the Company is a
member, filed a writ petition in the Bombay High Court challenging the notifications issued by the NPPA on the grounds that they were ultra vires, ex facie and ab initio void. The Bombay High Court issued an order to stay the writ in July 2014.
On September 26, 2016, the Bombay High Court dismissed the writ petition filed by the IPA and upheld the validity of the notifications/orders passed by the NPPA in July 2014. Further, on October 25, 2016, the IPA filed a Special Leave
Petition with the Supreme Court, which was dismissed by the Supreme Court.

During the three months ended
December 31, 2016, the NPPA issued show-cause notices relating to allegations that the Company exceeded the notified maximum prices for 11 of its products. The Company has responded to these notices.

On March 20, 2017, the IPA filed an application before the Bombay High Court for the recall of the judgment of the High
Court dated September 26, 2016 on the grounds that certain information important for the determination of the issue was not disclosed by the counsel representing the Union of India during the proceedings before the Bombay High Court.

On April 26, 2017, the Bombay High Court heard the recall application and directed the matter to the same bench of judges
of the Bombay High Court which passed the original judgment on September 26, 2016. Further, it also directed the Union of India and others to file their reply.

During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the NPPA issued notices to the Company demanding payments relating to the
foregoing products for the allegedly overcharged amounts, along with interest. The Company has responded to these notices.

Based on its best estimate, the Company has recorded a provision of Rs.374 under “Selling, general and administrative
expenses” as a potential liability for sale proceeds in excess of the notified selling prices, including the interest thereon, and believes that the likelihood of any further liability that may arise on account of penalties pursuant to this
litigation is not probable.

In the event the Government of India pursues litigation against the Company on the
aforementioned NPPA matters for the excess sales proceeds and the Company is unsuccessful in such litigation, it will be required to remit the sale proceeds in excess of the notified selling prices to the Government of India with interest and could
potentially include penalties, which amounts are not readily ascertainable.

Other Product and patent related matters

Nexium United States litigations

Five federal antitrust class action lawsuits were brought on behalf of direct purchasers of Nexium
®
, and ten federal class action lawsuits were brought under both state and federal law on behalf of
end-payors
 of Nexium
®
. These actions were filed against various generic manufacturers, including the Company and its U.S. subsidiary Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Inc. These actions were consolidated in the
United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts.

The complaints alleged that AstraZeneca and the involved
generic manufacturers settled patent litigation related to Nexium
®
 capsules in a manner that violated antitrust laws. The Company consistently maintained that its conduct complied with all
applicable laws and that the complaints were without merit. In response to a motion for summary judgment made by the Company, the Court granted the motion in part and denied it in part, finding that the plaintiffs had failed to demonstrate that the
Company’s settlement of patent litigation with AstraZeneca included any large or unjustified reverse payment, but preserving other claims for trial.

On October 20, 2014, the Company reached a settlement with all plaintiffs who had cases pending in the District of
Massachusetts. The settlement with the class plaintiffs was subject to the Court’s approval. Under the terms of the settlement, the Company made no payment to the class plaintiffs. Other defendants went to trial and prevailed.

The Court granted preliminary approval of the Company’s settlements with the class plaintiffs on January 28, 2015,
and granted final approval of such settlements on September 29, 2015.

On November 21, 2016, the First Circuit
Court of Appeals affirmed the judgment that had been entered in favor of the defendants who tried the case to a verdict. On January 10, 2017, the First Circuit Court of Appeals denied the motions for reconsideration.

In addition, two complaints, similar in nature to those referenced above, were filed in the Court of Common Pleas in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania by plaintiffs who chose to opt out of the class action lawsuit. No dispositive motions have been filed in these actions.

The Company believes that the likelihood of any liability that may arise on account of lawsuits of the plaintiffs who opted
out of the class action is not probable. Accordingly, no provision has been made in these consolidated financial statements.

F-69

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

44. Contingencies (continued)

Product and patent related matters (continued)

Child resistant packaging matter

In May 2012, the Consumer Product Safety Commission (the “CPSC”) requested that Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories
Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in the United States, provide certain information with respect to compliance with requirements of special packaging for child resistant blister packs for 6 products sold by the Company in the United
States during the period commencing in 2002 through 2011. The Company provided the requested information. The CPSC subsequently alleged in a letter dated April 30, 2014 that the Company had violated the Consumer Product Safety Act (the
“CPSA”) and the Poison Prevention Packaging Act (the “PPPA”) and that the CPSC intended to seek civil penalties. Specifically, the CPSC asserted, among other things, that from or about August 14, 2008 through June 1,
2012, the Company sold prescription drugs having unit dose packaging that failed to comply with the CPSC’s special child resistant packaging regulations under the PPPA and failed to issue general certificates of conformance. In addition, the
CPSC asserted that the Company violated the CPSA by failing to immediately advise the CPSC of the alleged violations. The Company disagrees with the CPSC’s allegations.

Simultaneously, the U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) began to investigate a sealed complaint which was filed
in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania under the Federal False Claims Act (“FCA”) related to these same issues (the “FCA Complaint”). The Company cooperated with the DOJ in its investigation.
The DOJ and all States involved in the investigation declined to intervene in the FCA Complaint. On November 10, 2015, the FCA Complaint was unsealed and the plaintiff whistleblowers, who are two former employees of the Company, have proceeded
without the DOJ’s and applicable States’ involvement. The unsealed FCA Complaint relates to the 6 blister pack products originally subject to the investigation and also 38 of the Company’s generic prescription products sold in the
U.S. in various bottle and cap packaging. The Company filed its response to the FCA Complaint on February 23, 2016 in the form of a motion to dismiss for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. On March 26, 2017, the
Court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss, dismissing the FCA Complaint and allowing the plaintiffs one more chance to refile this complaint in an attempt to plead sustainable allegations. On March 29, 2017, the plaintiffs filed their
final amended FCA Complaint, which the Company intends to vigorously oppose and seek permanent dismissal of this amended FCA Complaint with prejudice.

Although the DOJ and applicable States have declined to intervene in the FCA Complaint filed by the plaintiffs, the parallel
investigation by the CPSC under the CPSA and the PPPA was referred by the CPSC to the DOJ’s office in Washington, D.C. in April 2016, with the recommendation that the DOJ initiate a civil penalty action against the Company. The CPSC matter
referred to the DOJ relates to five of the blister pack products. An unfavorable outcome in these matters could result in liabilities which could have a material adverse effect on the Company.

Namenda United States Litigations

In August 2015, Sergeants Benevolent Assoc. Health & Welfare Fund (“Sergeants”) filed suit against the
Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Sergeants alleged that certain parties, including the Company, violated federal antitrust laws as a consequence of having settled patent litigation related to the
Alzheimer’s drug Namenda
®
 (memantine) tablets during a period from about 2009 until 2010. Sergeants seeks to represent a class of

“end-payor”
 purchasers of Namenda
®
 tablets (i.e., insurers, other third-party payors and consumers).

Sergeants seeks damages based upon an allegation made in the complaint that the defendants entered into patent settlements
regarding Namenda
®
 tablets for the purpose of delaying generic competition and facilitating the brand innovator’s attempt to shift sales from the original immediate release product to the
more recently introduced extended release product. The Company believes that the complaint lacks merit and that the Company’s conduct complied with all applicable laws and regulations.

All defendants, including the Company, moved to dismiss the claims. On September 13, 2016, the Court denied these
motions. However, the Sergeants case is stayed pending resolution of similar claims in another case in which the Company is not a party (
JM Smith Corp. v. Actavis PLC
). The parties in the
JM Smith
case have served the Company with
subpoenas seeking specified documents, and the Company has produced documents in response to the subpoenas. The parties have also served the Company with subpoenas seeking deposition testimony.

Four other class action complaints, each containing similar allegations to the Sergeants complaint, have also been filed in
the Southern District of New York. However, two of those complaints were voluntarily dismissed, and the other two do not name the Company as a defendant.

In addition, the State of New York filed an antitrust case in the Southern District of New York. The case brought by the State
of New York contained some (but not all) of the allegations set forth in the class action complaints, but the Company was not named as a party.

The case brought by the State of New York was dismissed by stipulation on November 30, 2015.

The Company believes that the likelihood of any liability that may arise on account of alleged violation of federal
antitrust laws is not probable. Accordingly, no provision has been made in these consolidated financial statements.

F-70

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

44. Contingencies (continued)

Product and patent related matters (continued)

Class Action and Other Civil Litigation on Pricing/Reimbursement Matters

On December 30, 2015 and on February 4, 2016, respectively, a class action complaint and another complaint (not a
class action) were filed against the Company and eighteen other pharmaceutical defendants in State Court in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. In these actions, the class action plaintiffs allege that the Company and other defendants, individually or
in some cases in concert with one another, have engaged in pricing and price reporting practices in violation of various Pennsylvania state laws. More specifically, the plaintiffs allege that: (1) the Company provided false and misleading
pricing information to third party drug compendia companies for the Company’s generic drugs, and such information was relied upon by private third party payers that reimbursed for drugs sold by the Company in the United States, and (2) the
Company acted in concert with certain other defendants to unfairly raise the prices of generic divalproex sodium ER (bottle of 80, 500 mg tablets ER 24H) and generic pravastatin sodium (bottle of 500, 10 mg tablets). The Company disputes these
allegations and intends to vigorously defend against these allegations.

Further, on November 17, 2016, certain class
action complaints were filed against the Company and a number of other pharmaceutical companies as defendants in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. These complaints allege that the Company and the other named
defendants have engaged in a conspiracy to fix prices and to allocate bids and customers in the sale of pravastatin sodium tablets and divalproex sodium extended-release tablets in the United States. The Company denies any wrongdoing and intends to
vigorously defend against these allegations.

The Company believes that the likelihood of any liability that may arise on
account of any of these complaints is not probable. Accordingly, no provision has been made in these consolidated financial statements.

Civil
litigation with Mezzion

On January 13, 2017, Mezzion Pharma Co. Ltd. and Mezzion International LLC (collectively,
“Mezzion”) filed a complaint in the New Jersey Superior Court against the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary in the United States. The complaint pertains to the production and supply of the active pharmaceutical ingredient
(“API”) for udenafil (a patented compound) and an udenafil finished dosage product during a period from calendar years 2007 to 2015. Mezzion alleges that the Company failed to comply with the U.S. FDA’s current Good Manufacturing
Practices (“cGMP”) at the time of manufacture of the API and finished dosage forms of udenafil and, consequently, that this resulted in a delay in the filing of a NDA for the product by Mezzion. The Company denies any wrongdoing or
liability in this regard, and intends to vigorously defend against the claims asserted in Mezzion’s complaint. Accordingly, no provision was made in the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

Environmental matters

Land pollution

The Indian Council for Environmental Legal Action filed a writ in 1989 under Article 32 of the Constitution of India against
the Union of India and others in the Supreme Court of India for the safety of people living in the Patancheru and Bollarum areas of Medak district of the then existing undivided state of Andhra Pradesh. The Company has been named in the list of
polluting industries. In 1996, the Andhra Pradesh District Judge proposed that the polluting industries compensate farmers in the Patancheru, Bollarum and Jeedimetla areas for discharging effluents which damaged the farmers’ agricultural land.
The compensation was fixed at Rs.0.0013 per acre for dry land and Rs.0.0017 per acre for wet land. Accordingly, the Company has paid a total compensation of Rs.3. The Company believes that the likelihood of additional liability is remote. The Andhra
Pradesh High Court disposed of the writ petition on February 12, 2013 and transferred the case to the National Green Tribunal (“NGT”), Chennai, India. The interim orders passed in the writ petitions will continue until the matter is
decided by the NGT. The NGT has, through its order dated October 30, 2015, constituted a Fact Finding Committee. The NGT has also permitted the alleged polluting industries to appoint a person on their behalf in the Fact Finding Committee.
However, the Company along with the alleged polluting industries have challenged the constitution and composition of the Fact Finding Committee. The NGT has directed that until all the applications challenging the constitution and composition of the
Fact Finding Committee are disposed of, the Fact Finding Committee shall not commence its operation.

F-71

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

44. Contingencies (continued)

Environmental matters (continued)

Water pollution and air pollution

During the year ended March 31, 2012, the Company, along with 14 other companies, received a notice from the Andhra
Pradesh Pollution Control Board (the “APP Control Board”) to show cause as to why action should not be initiated against them for violations under the Indian Water Pollution Act and the Indian Air Pollution Act. Furthermore, the APP
Control Board issued orders to the Company to (i) stop production of all new products at the Company’s manufacturing facilities in Hyderabad, India without obtaining a “Consent for Establishment”, (ii) cease manufacturing
products at such facilities in excess of certain quantities specified by the APP Control Board and (iii) furnish a bank guarantee to assure compliance with the APP Control Board’s orders.

The Company appealed the APP Control Board orders to the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Appellate Board (the “APP Appellate
Board”). The APP Appellate Board, on the basis of a report of a fact-finding advisory committee, recommended to the Andhra Pradesh Government to allow expansion of units fully equipped with Zero-Liquid Discharge (“ZLD”) facilities and
otherwise found no fault with the Company (on certain conditions). The APP Appellate Board’s decision was challenged by one of the petitioners in the National Green Tribunal and the matter is currently pending before it.

Separately, the Andhra Pradesh Government, following recommendations of the APP Appellate Board, published a notification in
July 2013 that allowed expansion of production of all types of existing bulk drug and bulk drug intermediate manufacturing units subject to the installation of ZLD facilities and the outcome of cases pending in the National Green Tribunal.
Importantly, the notification directed pollution load of industrial units to be assessed at the point of discharge (if any) as opposed to point of generation.

In September 2013, the Ministry of Environment and Forests, based on the revised Comprehensive Environment Pollution Index,
issued a notification that
re-imposed
 a moratorium on expansion of industries in certain areas where some of the Company’s manufacturing facilities are located. This notification overrides the Andhra
Pradesh Government’s notification that conditionally permitted expansion.

Indirect taxes related matters

Distribution of input service tax credits

The Central Excise Authorities have issued various demand notices to the Company objecting to the Company’s methodology of
distributing input service tax credits claimed for one of the Company’s facilities. The below table shows the details of each such demand notice, the amount demanded and the current status of the Company’s responsive actions.

Period covered under the notice   Amount demanded   Status
March 2008 to September 2009   Rs.102 plus penalties of Rs.102 and interest   The Company has filed an appeal before the CESTAT.
October 2009 to March 2011   Rs.125 plus penalties of Rs.100 and interest   The Company has filed an appeal before the CESTAT.
April 2011 to March 2012   Rs.51 plus interest and penalties   The Company has filed an appeal before the CESTAT.
April 2012 to March 2013   Rs.54 plus interest and penalties   The Company has filed an appeal before the CESTAT.
April 2013 to March 2014   Rs.69 plus interest and penalties   The Company has filed an appeal before the CESTAT.
April 2014 to March 2015   Rs.108 plus interest and penalties   The Company has filed an appeal before the CESTAT.

The Company believes that the likelihood of any liability that may arise on account of the
allegedly inappropriate distribution of input service tax credits is not probable. Accordingly, no provision relating to these claims has been made in these consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2017.

Value Added Tax (“VAT”) matter

The Company has received various demand notices from the Government of Telangana’s Commercial Taxes Department objecting
to the Company’s methodology of calculation of VAT input credit. The below table shows the details of each of such demand notice, the amount demanded and the current status of the Company’s responsive actions.

F-72

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

44. Contingencies (continued)

Indirect taxes related matters (continued)

Period covered under the notice   Amount demanded   Status
April 2006 to March 2009   Rs.66 plus 10% penalty   The Company has filed an appeal before the Sales Tax Appellate Tribunal.
April 2009 to March 2011   Rs.59 plus 10% penalty   The Company has filed an appeal before the Sales Tax Appellate Tribunal.
April 2011 to March 2013   Rs.16 plus 10% penalty   The Appellate Deputy Commissioner issued an order partially in favor of the Company.

The Company has recorded a provision of Rs.27 as of March 31, 2017, and believes that the
likelihood of any further liability that may arise on account of the allegedly inappropriate claims to VAT credits is not probable.

Others

Additionally, the Company is in receipt of various demand notices from the Indian Sales and Service Tax authorities. The
disputed amount is Rs.174. The Company has responded to such demand notices and believes that the chances of any liability arising from such notices are less than probable. Accordingly, no provision is made in these consolidated financial statements
as of March 31, 2017.

Fuel Surcharge Adjustments

The Andhra Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (the “APERC”) passed various orders approving the levy of Fuel
Surcharge Adjustment (“FSA”) charges for the period from April 1, 2008 to March 31, 2013 by power distribution companies from all the consumers of electricity in the then existing undivided state of Andhra Pradesh, India where
the Company’s headquarters and principal manufacturing facilities are located. Separate writ petitions filed by the Company for various periods, challenging and questioning the validity and legality of this levy of FSA charges by the APERC, are
pending before the High Court of Andhra Pradesh and the Supreme Court of India.

After taking into account all of the
available information and legal provisions, the Company has recorded Rs.219 as the potential liability towards FSA charges. The total amount approved by APERC for collection by the power distribution companies from the Company in respect of FSA
charges for the period from April 1, 2008 to March 31, 2013 is Rs.482. As of March 31, 2017, the Company has made “payments under protest” of Rs.354 as demanded by the power distribution companies as part of monthly
electricity bills. The Company remains exposed to additional financial liability should the orders passed by the APERC be upheld by the Courts.

During the three months ended June 30, 2016, the Supreme Court of India dismissed the Special Leave Petition filed by the
Company in this regard for the period from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013. As a result, for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, the Company recognized an expenditure of Rs.55 (by

de-recognizing
 the payments under protest) representing the FSA charges for the period from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013.

Direct taxes related matters

During the year ended March 31, 2014, the Indian Income Tax authorities disallowed for tax purposes certain business
transactions entered into by the parent company with its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The associated tax impact is Rs.570. The Company believes that such business transactions are allowed for tax deduction under Indian Income Tax laws and accordingly
filed an appeal with the Income Tax Appellate Authorities. On April 28, 2017, the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal of Hyderabad issued a judgment in favor of the Company confirming the Company’s position.

Additionally, the Company is contesting various other disallowances by the Indian Income Tax authorities. The associated tax
impact is Rs.1,555. The Company believes that the chances of an unfavorable outcome in each of such disallowances are less than probable and, accordingly, no provision is made in these consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2017.

During the years ended March 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016, Industrias Quimicas Falcon de Mexico, S.A. de CV, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company in Mexico, received a notice from Mexico’s Tax Administration Service,
Servicio de Administracion Tributaria
 (“SAT”), with respect to disallowance on account of transfer pricing
adjustments pertaining to the calendar years ended December 31, 2006, December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2008. The associated tax impact is Rs.647 (MXN 187.4) and company has filed administrative appeals with SAT by challenging these
disallowances. During February and March 2017, the Company received orders of the SAT confirming the said disallowance by disposing administrative appeals filed earlier. The Company disagrees with the SAT’s disallowance and filed an appeal with
the Tribunal Federal de Justicia Administrativa (Federal Tax and Administrative Court of Mexico) in March and April 2017. The Company believes that possibility of any liability that may arise on account of this litigation is not probable.
Accordingly, no provision has been made in these consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2017.

F-73

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

44. Contingencies (continued)

Others

Additionally, the Company is involved in other disputes, lawsuits, claims, governmental and/or regulatory inspections,
inquiries, investigations and proceedings, including patent and commercial matters that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Except as discussed above, the Company does not believe that there are any such contingent
liabilities that are expected to have any material adverse effect on its financial statements.

45. Nature of Expense

The following table shows supplemental information related to certain “nature of expense” items for the years ended
March 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:

For the Year Ended March 31, 2017
Particulars   Cost of revenues   Selling, general and administrative expenses   Research and development expenses   Total
Employee benefits   Rs.   10,515   Rs.   15,838   Rs.   4,716   Rs.   31,069
Depreciation and amortization   6,117   3,935   1,225   11,277
For the Year Ended March 31, 2016
Particulars   Cost of revenues   Selling, general and administrative expenses   Research and development expenses   Total
Employee benefits   Rs.   9,574   Rs.   16,641   Rs.   4,959   Rs.   31,174
Depreciation and amortization   5,241   3,933   1,076   10,250
For the Year Ended March 31, 2015
Particulars   Cost of revenues   Selling, general and administrative expenses   Research and development expenses   Total
Employee benefits   Rs.   9,469   Rs.   15,400   Rs.   4,098   Rs.   28,967
Depreciation and amortization   4,154   3,023   923   8,100

46. Subsequent events

None

F-74

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

47. Organizational structure

Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited is the parent company. Tabulated below is the list of subsidiaries, associates and
joint ventures as of March 31, 2017:

Name of the subsidiaries   Country of Incorporation   Percentage of Direct/Indirect Ownership Interest
Aurigene Discovery Technologies (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.   Malaysia   100% (3)
Aurigene Discovery Technologies Inc.   U.S.A.   100% (3)
Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited   India   100%
beta Institut gemeinnützige GmbH   Germany   100% (8)
betapharm Arzneimittel GmbH   Germany   100% (8)
Cheminor Investments Limited   India   100%
Cheminor Employees Welfare Trust   India   Refer to footnote 18
Chienna B.V.(merged with Dr. Reddy’s Research and Development B.V.) from January 01,
2017)   Netherlands   100% (13)
Chirotech Technology Limited   United Kingdom   100% (5)
Dr. Reddy’s Research Foundation   India   Refer to footnote 18
Dr. Reddy’s Farmaceutica Do Brasil Ltda.   Brazil   100%
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories (EU) Limited   United Kingdom   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories (Proprietary) Limited   South Africa   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories (UK) Limited   United Kingdom   100% (5)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Canada, Inc.   Canada   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Inc.   U.S.A.   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories International SA   Switzerland   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Japan KK   Japan   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Kazakhstan LLP (from November 30, 2016)   Kazakhstan   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Louisiana LLC   U.S.A.   100% (6)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories New York, Inc.   U.S.A.   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Romania S.R.L.   Romania   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories SA   Switzerland   100%
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Tennessee, LLC   U.S.A.   100% (6)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, LLC   Ukraine   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s New Zealand Limited.   New Zealand   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Pharma SEZ Limited   India   100%
Dr. Reddy’s Singapore PTE Limited   Singapore   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Srl   Italy   100% (11)
Dr. Reddy’s Bio-Sciences Limited   India   100%
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories (Australia) Pty. Limited   Australia   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories SAS   Colombia   100% (10)
Dr. Reddy’s Research and Development B.V. (formerly Octoplus B.V.)   Netherlands   100% (12)
Dr. Reddy’s Venezuela, C.A.   Venezuela   100% (10)
DRANU LLC   U.S.A.   50% (15)
DRES Energy Private Limited   India   26% (16)
DRL Impex Limited   India   100% (17)
DRSS Solar Power Private Limited   India   26% (16) (2)
Eurobridge Consulting B.V.   Netherlands   100% (1)
Idea2Enterprises (India) Pvt. Limited   India   100%
Imperial Credit Private Limited (from February 22, 2017)   India   100%
Industrias Quimicas Falcon de Mexico, S.A. de CV   Mexico   100%
Kunshan Rotam Reddy Pharmaceutical Co. Limited   China   51.33% (4)
Lacock Holdings Limited   Cyprus   100% (10)
OctoPlus Development B.V. (merged into Dr. Reddy’s Research and Development B.V. from
January 1, 2017)   Netherlands   100% (13)

F-75

Table of Contents

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(in millions, except share and per share data and where otherwise stated)

Name of the subsidiaries   Country of Incorporation   Percentage of Direct/Indirect Ownership Interest
OctoPlus PolyActive Sciences B.V. (merged into Dr. Reddy’s Research and Development B.V.
from January 1, 2017)   Netherlands   100% (14)
OctoPlus Sciences B.V. (merged into Dr. Reddy’s Research and Development B.V. from
January 1, 2017)   Netherlands   100% (13)
OctoPlus Technologies B.V. (merged into Dr. Reddy’s Research and Development B.V. from
January 1, 2017)   Netherlands   100% (13)
OctoShare B.V. (merged into Dr. Reddy’s Research and Development B.V. from
January 1, 2017)   Netherlands   100% (13)
OOO Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited   Russia   100% (10)
OOO DRS LLC   Russia   100% (9)
Promius Pharma LLC   U.S.A.   100% (6)
Reddy Antilles N.V.   Netherlands   100%
Reddy Cheminor S.A. (until July 20, 2016)   France   100% (2)
Reddy Holding GmbH   Germany   100% (10)
Reddy Netherlands B.V.   Netherlands   100% (10)
Reddy Pharma Iberia SA   Spain   100%
Reddy Pharma Italia S.R.L.   Italy   100% (7)
Reddy Pharma SAS   France   100% (10)

(1)   Indirectly owned through Reddy Antilles N.V.

(2)   Entities liquidated during the year.

(3)   Indirectly owned through Aurigene Discovery Technologies Limited.

(4)   Kunshan Rotam Reddy Pharmaceutical Co. Limited is a subsidiary, as the Company holds a 51.33% stake. However,
the Company accounts for this investment by the equity method and does not consolidate it in the Company’s financial statements.

(5)   Indirectly owned through Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories (EU) Limited.

(6)   Indirectly owned through Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Inc.

(7)   Indirectly owned through Lacock Holdings Limited.

(8)   Indirectly owned through Reddy Holding GmbH.

(9)   Indirectly owned through Eurobridge Consulting B.V.

(10)   Indirectly owned through Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories SA.

(11)   Indirectly owned through Reddy Pharma Italia S.R.L.

(12)   Indirectly owned through Reddy Netherlands B.V.

(13)   Indirectly owned through Dr. Reddy’s Research and Development B.V.

(14)   Indirectly owned through OctoPlus Sciences B.V.

(15)   DRANU LLC is consolidated in accordance with guidance available in IFRS 10.

(16)   Accounted in accordance with IFRS 11 ‘Joint Arrangements’.

(17)   Indirectly owned through Idea2Enterprises (India) Pvt. Limited.

(18)   The Company does not have any equity interests in this entity, but has significant influence or control over
it.

F-76

Table of Contents

Item 19. EXHIBITS

Exhibit Number   Description of Exhibits   Footnotes
1.1.   Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant dated February 4, 1984.   (1)(3)(5)
1.2.   Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant dated February 24, 1984.   (1)(3)
1.3.   Amended Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant dated December 6, 1985.   (1)(3)
1.4.   Amendment to Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant dated June 12, 2009 (regarding an increase in our authorized share capital pursuant to the amalgamation of Perlecan Pharma Private Limited into
Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited, its parent company).   (6)
1.5.   Amendment to Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Registrant dated July 19, 2010 Order of the Hon’bl High Court of Andhra Pradesh, India dated July 19, 2010 (regarding Amendment to Memorandum and Articles of
Association of the Registrant and capitalization or utilization of undistributed profit or retained earnings or security premium account or any other reserve or fund in connection with our bonus debentures).   (8)
1.6.   Amended and Restated Articles of Association of the Registrant dated September 17, 2015.   (9)
2.1.   Form of Deposit Agreement, including the form of American Depositary Receipt, among Registrant, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company as Depositary, and holders from time to time of American Depositary Receipts Issued there under, including
the form of American Depositary.   (1)
2.2.   Order of the Hon’bl High Court of Andhra Pradesh, India dated July 19, 2010 (regarding capitalization or utilization of undistributed profit or retained earnings or security premium account or any other reserve or fund in
connection with our bonus debentures).   (8)
2.3.   Scheme of Arrangement between the Registrant and its members for issue of bonus debentures, including Notice of Meeting of Members to approve same dated April 29, 2010 and Explanatory Statement dated April 29, 2010.   (8)
2.4.   Debenture Trust Deed dated March 16, 2011 between the Registrant and IDBI Trusteeship Services Limited (regarding trustee services for our bonus debentures).   (8)
2.5.   Liquidity Facility Services Agreement dated April 2, 2011 between the Registrant and DSP Merrill Lynch Capital Limited (regarding liquidity facility for our bonus debentures).   (8)
2.6.   Asset Purchase Agreement between Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. and Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories S.A. dated as of June 10, 2016. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential
treatment and filed separately with the SEC.
2.7.   Asset Purchase Agreement between Watson Laboratories, Inc. and Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories S.A. dated as of June 10, 2016. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment
and filed separately with the SEC.
4.1.   Agreement by and between Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited and Dr. Reddy’s Research Foundation regarding the undertaking of research dated February 27, 1997.   (1)
4.2.   Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2002.   (2)
4.3.   Sale and Purchase Agreement Regarding the Entire Share Capital of Beta Holding GmbH dated February 15th/16th 2006.   (4)
4.4.   Dr. Reddy’s Employees ADR Stock Option Scheme, 2007.   (7)
8.   List of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the Registrant.
23.1   Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
99.1   Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
99.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
99.3   Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
99.4   Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

(1)   Previously filed on March 26, 2001 with the SEC along with Form F-1.

(2)   Previously filed on October 31, 2002 with the SEC along with Form S-8.

(3)   Previously filed with the Company’s Form 20-F for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2003.

(4)   Previously filed with the Company’s Form 20-F/A for the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2006 pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.

(5)   Previously filed with the Company’s Form 20-F for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2006.

(6)   Previously filed with the Company’s Form 20-F for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2010.

(7)   Previously filed on March 5, 2007 with the SEC along with Form S-8.

(8)   Previously filed with the Company’s Form 20-F for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2011.

(9)   Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Form 6-K dated September 25, 2015.

145

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20–F and that it has duly caused and authorized
the undersigned to sign this Annual Report on its behalf.

DR. REDDY’S LABORATORIES LIMITED
By:   /s/ G.V. Prasad
G.V. Prasad
Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
By:   /s/ Saumen Chakraborty
Saumen Chakraborty
President and Chief Financial Officer

Hyderabad, India

June
19, 2017

146
