
20-F

1

dp249803_20f.htm

FORM 20-F

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 20,
2026

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 20-F

(Mark One)

☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended March 31,
2026.

OR

☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from

to

.

OR

☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of event requiring this shell
company report

For the transition period from

to

.

Commission file number: 001-15002

ICICI BANK LIMITED

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

India

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

ICICI Bank Towers

Bandra-Kurla Complex

Mumbai 400051, India

(Address of principal executive offices)

Name: Anindya Banerjee / Abhinek Bhargava

Telephone: +91 22 4008 6173

Email: anindya.banerjee@icici.bank.in / abhinek.bhargava@icici.bank.in

Office address: ICICI Bank Towers, Bandra-Kurla
Complex, Mumbai – 400051, India

(Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number
and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class   Trading Symbol(s)   Name of each exchange on which registered
Equity Shares of ICICI Bank Limited( 1 )   IBN   The New York Stock Exchange
American Depositary Shares, each representing two Equity Shares of
ICICI Bank Limited, par value
Rs. 2 per share

1

Not for trading, but only in connection with the registration of American
Depositary Shares representing such Equity Shares pursuant to the
 requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

[None]

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act:

[None]

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section
15(d) of the Act:

[None]

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s
classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report.

The number of outstanding Equity Shares of ICICI Bank Limited as of
March 31, 2026 was 7,160,112,569.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
☒
	            No

☐

If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Yes
☐
	            No

☒

Note
– Checking the box above will not relieve
any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations
under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days.

Yes
☒
	            No

☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Yes
☐

            No
☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company See definition of “large accelerated
filer”, “accelerated filer” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large Accelerated Filer
☒

Accelerated Filer
☐
 Non-accelerated Filer
☐

Emerging Growth Company
☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements
in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
☐

†The term “new or revised financial accounting standard”
refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
the attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements.
☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections
are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive
officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b).
☐

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant
has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

☐   U.S. GAAP

☐   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board

☒   Other

If “Other” has been checked in response to the
previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.

☐ Item 17
☒

Item 18

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes
☐

No
☒

(APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED
IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent
to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.

Yes
☐
 No
☐

table
of contents

Page

Cross Reference Sheet   2
Certain Definitions   3
Forward-Looking Statements   4
Market Price Information   6
Risk Factors   7
Major Shareholders   52
Related Party Transactions   54
Business   59
Overview   59
History   60
Strategy   60
Principles   60
Overview of Our Products and Services   63
Commercial Banking for Retail Customers   63
Retail lending for rural customers   65
Commercial Banking for Business Banking   67
Commercial Banking for Corporate Customers   67
Commercial Banking for Government and Institutions   69
Commercial Banking for International Customers   69
Branch and ATM Network and Call Centers   70
Investment Banking   71
Private Equity   74
Asset Management   74
Pension Fund Manager   74
Insurance   75
Risk Management   77
Market Risk   85
Audit   95
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership   98
Loan Portfolio   100
Loan Pricing   102
Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures   103
Technology   105
Competition   110
Employees   112
Properties   113
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings   113
American Depositary Receipt Fees and Payments   115
Selected Statistical Information   117
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   139
Management   199
Supervision and Regulation   222
Exchange Controls   246
Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities   248
Dividends   253
Taxation   255
Presentation of Financial Information   264
Additional Information   266
Exhibit Index   268

i

Table of Contents

CROSS REFERENCES

Form 20-F   Item Caption   Location   Page No.
Part – I
Item 1   Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers   Not Applicable
Item 2   Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable   Not Applicable
Item 3   Key Information   Risk Factors   7
Item 4   Information on the Company   Business   59
Selected Statistical Information   117
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   139
Supervision and Regulation   222
Additional Information—Documents on Display   267
Item 4A   Unresolved Staff Comments   Not Applicable
Item 5   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   139
Business—Risk Management   77
Selected Statistical Information—Funding   124
Item 6   Directors, Senior Management and Employees   Management   199
Business—Employees   112
Item 7   Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions   Major Shareholders   52
Related Party Transactions   54
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Loans   219
Schedule 18 Note 2 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   F-50
Item 8   Financial Information   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F- 2
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto   F- 7
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   139
Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings   113
Dividends   253
Item 9   The Offer and Listing   Market Price Information   6
Item 10   Additional Information   Additional Information   266
Exchange Controls   246
Taxation   255
Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities   248
Dividends   253
Business—Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures   103
Item 11   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   Business—Risk Management—Market Risk   85
Selected Statistical Information–Risk Management   127
Item 12   Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities   Business—American Depository Receipt Fees and Payments   115
Part – II
Item 13   Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies   Not Applicable
Item 14   Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds   Not Applicable
Item 15   Controls and Procedures   Management—Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices—Controls and Procedures   212
Item 16A   Audit Committee Financial Expert   Management—Corporate Governance—Audit Committee   207
Item 16B   Code of Ethics   Management—Corporate Governance—Code of Ethics   210
Item 16C   Principal Accountant Fees and Services   Management—Corporate Governance—Principal Accountant Fees and Services   211
Item 16D   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   Not Applicable
Item 16E   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   Not Applicable
Item 16F   Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant   Not Applicable
Item 16G   Corporate Governance   Management—Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices   211
Item 16H   Mine Safety Disclosure   Not Applicable
Item 16I   Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections   Not Applicable
Item 16J   Insider Trading Policies   Management—Corporate Governance—Code of Ethics—Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading   210
Item 16K   Cybersecurity   Business—Risk Management—Cybersecurity   239
Part – III
Item 17   Financial Statements   See Item 18
Item 18   Financial Statements   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F- 2
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto   F- 7
Item 19   Exhibits   Exhibit Index and Attached Exhibits   268

2

Table of Contents

Certain
Definitions

In this annual report, all references to “we”,
“our”, and “us” are to ICICI Bank Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries and other consolidated entities under
generally accepted accounting principles in India (“Indian GAAP”). In the financial statements contained in this annual report
and the notes thereto, all references to “the Company” are to ICICI Bank Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries and other
consolidated entities under Indian GAAP.

References to specific data applicable to particular
subsidiaries or other consolidated entities are made by reference to the name of that particular entity. References to the “amalgamation”
are to the amalgamation of ICICI, ICICI Personal Financial Services and ICICI Capital Services with ICICI Bank. References to “Sangli
Bank” are to The Sangli Bank Limited prior to its amalgamation with ICICI Bank, effective April 19, 2007. References to “Bank
of Rajasthan” are to the Bank of Rajasthan Limited prior to its amalgamation with ICICI Bank, effective from the close of business
at August 12, 2010.

References to “ICICI Bank” and “the
Bank” are to ICICI Bank Limited on an unconsolidated basis. References to a particular “fiscal” year are to the year
ended on March 31 of such a year. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to the “Board of Directors” and the “Board”
are to the board of directors of ICICI Bank. References to “ICICI Group” are to ICICI Bank and its subsidiaries and other
consolidated entities.

All references to the “Companies Act”,
the “FEMA”, the “Income Tax Act”, the “Banking Regulation Act” and the “Reserve Bank of India
Act” are, respectively, to the Companies Act, 2013, the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, the Income Tax Act, 1961, the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949 and the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 as passed by the Indian Parliament and as amended from time to time. All
references to “RBI” and the “Reserve Bank of India” are to the central banking and monetary authority of India.

Pursuant to the issuance and listing of our securities
in the United States under registration statements filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”),
we file annual reports on Form 20-F which must include financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States (“U.S. GAAP”), or financial statements prepared according to a comprehensive body of accounting principles
with a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP. When we first listed our securities in the United States,
Indian GAAP was not considered a comprehensive body of accounting principles under the United States securities laws and regulations.
However, pursuant to a significant expansion of Indian accounting standards, Indian GAAP constitutes a comprehensive body of accounting
principles. Accordingly, we have included in this annual report, as in the annual reports for fiscal years 2024 through 2026, consolidated
financial statements prepared according to Indian GAAP, with a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP
and a description of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Our annual report prepared and distributed to
our shareholders under Indian law and regulations include unconsolidated Indian GAAP financial statements, management’s discussion
and analysis of the Bank’s results of operations and financial condition based on the Bank’s unconsolidated Indian GAAP financial
statements and our consolidated Indian GAAP financial statements.

The economic and industry data and information
presented in this document are sourced from government statistical releases, press releases and notifications by the Government of India,
the Reserve Bank of India and other regulators, data available on the websites of the Government of India, Reserve Bank of India, other
regulators and industry bodies.

3

Table of Contents

Certain terms are used interchangeably
throughout this annual report and, unless the context or a specific note indicates a distinct measurement basis, should be
understood to have the same meaning wherever they appear. these include, without limitation, “term deposit” and
“time deposit”; “stockholders’ equity” and “shareholders’ equity”; and
“advances” and “loans”. Any variation in the usage of such terms is a matter of terminology only and does
not denote any difference in meaning, and such terms should be read accordingly.

Rupee amounts for fiscal 2026 have been translated
into USD using the exchange rate of Rs. 93.83 = USD 1.00 as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board at
March 31, 2026.

Forward-Looking
Statements

We have included statements in this annual report
which contain words or phrases such as “will”, “would”, “aim”, “aimed”, “will likely
result”, “is likely”, “are likely”, “believe”, “expect”, “expected to”,
“will continue”, “will achieve”, “anticipate”, “estimate”, “estimating”, “intend”,
“plan”, “contemplate”, “seek to”, “seeking to”, “trying to”, “target”,
“propose to”, “future”, “objective”, “goal”, “project”, “should”,
“can”, “could”, “may”, “will pursue” and similar expressions or variations of such expressions
that may constitute “forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could cause actual results, opportunities and growth potential to differ materially from those suggested by the
forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the actual growth in demand for banking and
other financial products and services in the countries in which we operate or where a material number of our customers reside; the level
and direction of interest rates, the yield on our loans and investments and the cost of our funding; future levels of non-performing and
restructured loans and any increased provisions and regulatory and legal changes relating to those loans; our ability to successfully
implement our strategies, including our growth strategy, our strategic use of technology and the internet and our strategy for resolution
of non-performing assets; the resilience of our technology infrastructure; the continued service of our senior management; the outcome
of any legal, tax or regulatory proceedings in India and in other jurisdictions in which we are or become a party to; the outcome of any
internal or independent inquiries or regulatory or governmental investigations; our expansion or increased presence in areas such as small
business and unsecured retail lending; our exploration of merger and acquisition opportunities; our ability to integrate recent or future
mergers or acquisitions into our operations and manage the risks associated with such acquisitions to achieve our strategic and financial
objectives; our ability to manage the increased complexity of the risks that we face in our international operations; our growth and expansion
in domestic and overseas markets; our status as a systemically important bank in India; our ability to maintain enhanced capital and liquidity
requirements; the adequacy of our allowance for credit and investment losses; our ability to market new products; investment income; cash
flow projections; the impact of any changes in India’s credit rating; the impact of any new accounting standards or new accounting
framework; our ability to implement our dividend payment practice; the impact of changes in banking and insurance regulations and other
regulatory changes in India and other jurisdictions on us, including changes in regulatory intensity, supervision and interpretations;
the state of the global financial system and systemic risks; the bond and loan market conditions and availability of liquidity amongst
the investor community in these markets; the nature of credit spreads and interest spreads from time to time, including the possibility
of increasing credit spreads or interest rates; our ability to roll over our short-term funding sources and our exposure to credit, market,
liquidity and reputational risks. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date thereof.

In addition, other factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those estimated by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report include, but are not
limited to, the monetary and interest rate policies of India and the other markets in which we operate, general economic and political
conditions in India, southeast Asia, and the other countries which have an impact on our business activities or investments, political
or financial instability in India or any other country caused by any factor including hostilities in our region or in other parts of the
world, terrorist attacks or social unrest, man-made or natural disasters and catastrophes, climate change events, inflation, deflation,

4

Table of Contents

unanticipated turbulence in interest rates, changes or volatility in
the value of the rupee, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the performance of the financial markets in general,
changes in domestic and foreign laws, regulations and taxes, changes in competition and the pricing environment in India and regional
or general changes in asset valuations. For a further discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ, see the discussion
under “Risk Factors” contained in this annual report.

5

Table of Contents

Market
Price Information

Equity Shares

Our outstanding equity shares are currently listed
and traded on the BSE Limited, and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

At June 30, 2026, total 7,173,615,744 equity shares
were outstanding. The prices for equity shares as quoted in the official list of each of the Indian stock exchanges are in Indian rupees.

At June 30, 2026, there were 2,210,311 holders
of record of our equity shares, of which 5,457 had registered addresses in the United States and held an aggregate of 3,126,641 equity
shares.

American Depositary Shares (“ADSs”)

Our ADSs, each representing two equity shares,
were originally issued in March 2000 in a public offering and are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol IBN.
The equity shares underlying the ADSs are listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

At June 30, 2026, we had 575 million ADSs, equivalent
to about 1,150 million equity shares, outstanding. At June 30, 2026, there were 192,745 record holders of our ADSs, out of which 69 have
registered addresses in the United States.

See also “Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to ADSs and Equity Shares—Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares
and ADSs
”.

6

Table of Contents

Risk
Factors

You should carefully consider the following
risk factors as well as other information contained in this annual report in evaluating us and our business.

Summary

Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties.
These risks include, but are not limited to, the following:

Risks relating to India and other economic
and market risks

·   A prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer.

·   Financial instability in other countries, particularly countries where we have established operations,
could adversely affect our business.

·   Any downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt
by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Any adverse impact on India’s external trade account due to continued elevated prices of oil and other petroleum products, or
any widening of the current account deficit, outflow of foreign capital or exchange rate volatility, could adversely affect the Indian
economy, which could adversely affect our business.

·   The banking and financial markets in India are still evolving, and the Indian financial system could experience
difficulties, which could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   A significant change in the Government of India’s policies, including economic policies, fiscal
policies and structural reforms, could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Natural disasters, climate change and health epidemics could adversely affect the Indian economy, or the
economy of other countries where we operate, which could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   If global or regional hostilities, terrorist attacks, or social unrest in India or elsewhere increase,
our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Risks that arise as a result of
our presence in a highly regulated sector

·   The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory
action against us, whether formal or informal.

·   We may be subject to fines, restrictions or other sanctions for regulatory compliance failures, which
may adversely affect our financial position or our ability to expand our activities.

·   We and our employees are at risk of inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities, which may adversely
affect our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us to incur additional costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct
business.

·   We are subject to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, which may also involve
buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required to
be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, thereby

7

Table of Contents

impacting our profitability. We may
also experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality of
our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   We are subject to capital adequacy requirements stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel
III, as well as general market expectations regarding the level of capital adequacy large Indian private sector banks should maintain,
and any inability to maintain adequate capital due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact
our ability to grow and support our businesses.

·   We are subject to liquidity requirements of the Reserve Bank of India as well as those of banking regulators
in our overseas locations, and any inability to maintain adequate liquidity due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital
markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.

·   Changes in the regulation and structure of the financial markets in India may adversely impact our business.

·   The opportunities for growth in our international operations and our ability to repatriate capital from
these operations may be limited by the local regulatory environments.

·   Our subsidiaries are subject to supervision and regulation by various Indian financial sector regulators such as the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India and the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority.

·   Adoption of a different basis of accounting or new accounting standards may result in changes in our reported
financial position and results of operations for future and prior periods.

Risks relating to our business

·   If the level of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates,
our business will suffer.

·   Our loan portfolio includes exposures such as long-term project finance loans, real-estate-linked loans
and commodity sector loans, which are particularly vulnerable to risks such as completion risk, commodity price cycle risk and other related
risks.

·   We have a  concentration of loans to certain customers, borrower groups and sectors, and if a substantial
portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares
and ADSs could be adversely affected.

·   The value of our collateral may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing our collateral when
borrowers default on their obligations to us, which may result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing
us to a potential loss.

·   Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in
interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed-income portfolio, our income from treasury operations,
the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance.

·   Our inability to effectively manage credit, market or liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models
and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds.

·   Our funding is primarily short-term and if depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity,
our business could be adversely affected.

8

Table of Contents

·   A determination against us in respect of disputed tax assessments may adversely impact our financial performance.

·   Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   The exposures of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

·   Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks
that may adversely affect our business.

·   Commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit on foreign exchange transactions and other sources of
fee income are important elements of our profitability, and regulatory changes or changes in market conditions could cause these income
streams to decline and adversely impact our financial performance.

·   Our industry is very competitive, and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.

·   There is operational risk associated with the financial industry, which, when realized, may have an adverse
impact on our business.

·   Our failure to establish, maintain and apply adequate internal controls over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect
on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.

·   We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

·   We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions, divest our existing businesses, or be required
to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and could face integration and other acquisitions risks.

·   We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties.

·   We are involved in various litigations. Any final judgment awarding material damages against us could
have a material adverse impact on our financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   We continue to expand our branch network and any inability to use these branches productively may have
an adverse impact on our growth and profitability.

·   We depend on the knowledge and skills of our senior management. Any inability to attract and retain them
and other talented professionals or any loss of senior management or other talented professionals may adversely impact our business.

Risks relating to technology

·   The growing use of technology in banking and financial services creates additional risks of competition,
reliability and security.

·   We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, misuse of privilege access by insiders, hacking,
social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that
could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and creating significant legal
and financial exposure.

·   System failures or system downtime could adversely impact our business.

9

Table of Contents

Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries

·   Additional capital requirements of our insurance subsidiaries or our inability to monetize a part of our
shareholding or make further investments in these companies as required may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs.

·   While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance of their
future rates of growth or levels of profitability.

·   Actuarial experience and other factors could differ from assumptions made in the calculation of life actuarial
reserves and other actuarial information.

·   Loss reserves for our general insurance subsidiary’s business are based on estimates as to future
claims liabilities and adverse developments relating to claims could lead to further reserve additions and materially adversely affect
the operation of our general insurance subsidiary.

·   The financial results of our insurance companies could be materially adversely affected by the occurrence
of a catastrophe and/or various climate change events.

Risks relating to ADSs and equity shares

·   ADS holders may be restricted in their ability to exercise voting rights and your ability to withdraw
equity shares from the depositary facility is subject to delays and legal restrictions.

·   Your holdings may be diluted by additional issuances of equity, and any dilution may adversely affect
the market prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   You may be unable to exercise pre-emptive rights available to other shareholders.

·   Your ability to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion
of rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency, and the repatriation of such foreign currency may be subject to delays if specific
approval of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

·   Restrictions on reissuance and deposit of equity shares in the depositary facility could adversely affect
the price of our ADSs.

·   Certain shareholders own a large percentage of our equity shares, and their actions could adversely affect
the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares
and ADSs.

·   Settlement of trades of equity shares on Indian stock exchanges may be subject to delays.

·   Because the equity shares underlying ADSs are quoted in rupees in India, you may be subject to potential
losses arising out of exchange rate risk on the Indian rupee.

·   You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains.

·   There may be different company information available in Indian securities markets than in securities markets
in the United States and the continued listing of our securities in US markets is subject to various considerations.

Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks

A prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India could
cause our business to suffer.

10

Table of Contents

We are heavily dependent upon the state of the
Indian economy, and a slowdown in growth in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business, our borrowers, our counterparties
and other constituents, especially if such a slowdown was to be prolonged. India’s gross domestic product is estimated to have grown
by 7.6% in fiscal 2026 (as per the Second Advance Estimates of the National Statistical Office), compared with the 7.1% in fiscal 2025.

An economic slowdown and a general decline in
business activity in India could impose stress on our borrowers’ financial soundness and profitability and thus expose us to increased
credit risk.

Economic growth in India is also influenced by
inflation, interest rates, external trade and capital flows. The level of inflation or depreciation of the Indian rupee may limit monetary
easing or cause monetary policy tightening. Any increase in inflation, due to increase in domestic food prices or global prices of commodities,
including crude oil, the impact of currency depreciation on the prices of imported commodities and additional pass through of higher fuel
prices to consumers, or otherwise, may result in a tightening of monetary policy.

After keeping the policy rate unchanged for two
years, the monetary policy committee entered into an easing cycle, from February 2025 onwards, by a cumulative amount of 125 basis-points
reduction in policy rate, of which 100 basis-points were reduced in fiscal 2026, and reduced the cash reserve ratio by 100 basis-points
from 4.0% to 3.0%, implemented in four equal tranches of 25 basis points on September 6, October 4, November 1 and November 29, 2025.
The policy stance was briefly changed to ‘accommodative’ in April 2025 and then changed back to ‘neutral’ in June
2025 and has been unchanged since. Daily average banking system liquidity for fiscal 2026 was at a surplus of approximately Rs. 1,793
billion. In fiscal 2026, the Reserve Bank of India injected Rs. 13.3 trillion of durable liquidity into the banking system, through various
means, including by reducing the cash reserve ratio, engaging in open-market operations and conducting foreign exchange swap operations.
In the June 2026 meeting, the monetary policy committee maintained the status quo on the policy rate and stance. The Reserve Bank of India,
in the monetary policy meeting, announced additional measures to attract foreign capital and strengthen the balance of payments. These
measures mainly included a USD - Rupee forex swap facility for fresh Foreign Currency Non-Resident (Bank) (FCNR (B)) deposits till September
30, 2026, including deposits that are renewed upon maturity, mobilized for a minimum tenor of 3 years and a maximum tenor of 5 years.
A facility of concessional USD-Rupee forex swap was also announced till December 31, 2026, to incentivize external commercial borrowing
by public sector undertakings and overseas foreign currency borrowing for a minimum tenor of 3 years and a maximum tenor of 5 years. At
the time of maturity of these FCNR (B) deposits and foreign currency borrowings, India may experience outflow of foreign deposits, which
may have an impact on exchange rates, banking sector deposits, liquidity and other related factors.

There are uncertainties
in the global environment due to geopolitical tensions and trade-related issues between several major global economies. Global trade
disputes, tariffs or other protectionist measures and countermeasures could impact trade and capital flows and negatively affect the
Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business. Global Brent crude oil prices increased substantially following the onset
of the conflict in West Asia in March 2026. India is a major oil importing country, with significant reliance on oil and natural gas
imports from West Asia. Therefore, the Indian economy remains exposed to supply and price shocks. See also
“—Risks relating
to India and other economic and market risks—Any adverse impact on India’s external trade account due to continued elevated
prices of oil and other petroleum products, or any widening of the current account deficit, outflow of foreign capital or exchange rate
volatility, could adversely affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business”
. Sharp and sustained price
reductions of globally traded commodities such as metals and minerals may negatively impact our

11

Table of Contents

borrowers in these sectors. Adverse changes to global liquidity conditions,
comparative interest rates and risk appetite could lead to significant capital outflows from India, which could adversely affect our business.
In fiscal 2026, net outflows of foreign portfolio investments (“FPI”) from India were USD 16.6 billion compared to inflows
of USD 2.7 billion in fiscal 2025. Developments in technology, such as artificial intelligence (“AI”), may impact businesses,
including ours and our customers’, and influence global and Indian employment markets, with an impact on employment and incomes
of our existing and potential customers.

Adverse economic conditions in India due to movements
in global capital, commodity and other markets, changes in business due to technology or adverse impact of any tariffs or natural disasters
could result in reduction of demand for credit and other financial products and services, increased competition, and higher defaults among
corporate, small business, retail and rural borrowers, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, our financial performance,
our stockholders’ equity, our ability to implement our strategy and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Financial instability in other countries, particularly
countries where we have established operations, could adversely affect our business.

There is a history of financial crises and boom-bust
cycles in multiple markets in both the emerging and developed economies, which increase risks for all financial institutions, including
for our business and results of operations. Global economic changes, such as ongoing geopolitical tensions, increases in tariffs and other
trade disputes, as well as volatility in global markets may lead to increased risk aversion and foreign exchange rate movements, which
could impact global liquidity and adversely affect our business.

Uncertainty around these and related issues could
lead to adverse effects on the economies in which we operate. Such volatility and negative economic developments could, in turn, materially
adversely affect our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations.

A loss of investor confidence in the financial
systems of India or other markets and countries or any financial instability in India or any other market may cause increased volatility
in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector, our business and
our financial performance. We remain subject to the risks posed by the indirect impact of adverse developments in the global economy and
the global banking environment, some of which cannot be anticipated and the vast majority of which are not under our control. We also
remain subject to counterparty risk to financial institutions that fail or are otherwise unable to meet their obligations to us.

Any downgrade of India’s debt rating or the
rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, liquidity
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Any adverse revisions to India’s credit
ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact our business and limit our access to capital markets and adversely impact
our liquidity position and market perception of the Bank.

We are rated by Moody’s and Standard and
Poor’s in international markets.

Rating agencies may also change their methodology
for rating banks or their assessment of specific parameters, which may impact our ratings.

12

Table of Contents

Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom is rated
by Moody’s and any change in our rating or outlook or in the financial position of the subsidiary could impact the rating or outlook
of our subsidiary.

There can be no assurance that rating agencies
will maintain their views on India’s sovereign rating or that we and our subsidiaries and affiliates will be able to meet the expectations
of rating agencies and maintain our credit ratings. See also “
—Risks relating to our business—Our inability to effectively
manage credit, market or liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on
our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds
”.

Any adverse impact on India’s external trade
account due to continued elevated prices of oil and other petroleum products, or any widening of the current account deficit, outflow
of foreign capital or exchange rate volatility, could adversely affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business.

India is vulnerable to developments in its
trade account. India imports a majority of its requirements of petroleum oil and petroleum products. If elevated oil price levels or
volatility in oil prices continues, as well as the impact of currency depreciation, which makes imports more expensive in local
currency, and the pass-through of such increases to Indian consumers or an increase in subsidies (which would increase the fiscal
deficit) there could be a material adverse impact on the Indian economy and the Indian banking and financial system, including
through a rise in inflation and market interest rates, higher trade and fiscal deficits and currency depreciation. During fiscal
2026, the Rupee depreciated by 10.9% from Rs 85.46 per U.S. Dollar at March 31, 2025 to Rs 94.83 per U.S. Dollar at March 31, 2026
and further moved to a low Rs. 96.96 per U.S. Dollar at May 20, 2026. Thereafter, the Rupee has appreciated and moved to Rs. 94.33
per U.S. Dollar at June 18, 2026, supported by the measures announced by the Reserve Bank of India to attract flow of foreign
currency deposits and borrowings into India and also due to moderation in crude oil prices. Following the re-escalation in West Asia
in July 2026, the rupee moved to Rs. 96.40 per U.S. Dollar at July 17, 2026. The Indian economy remains exposed to currency
depreciation risk due to trade deficits and volatility in capital flows.

India’s trade relationships with other countries
and its trade deficit may adversely affect Indian economic conditions and the exchange rate for the rupee. In fiscal 2024 and 2025, the
current account deficit was 0.7% and 0.6% respectively of India’s gross domestic product. For fiscal 2026, the current account deficit
stood at 0.6% of India’s gross domestic product. If current account and trade deficits increase or are no longer manageable because
of factors impacting the trade deficit, such as slowing global economic growth, tariffs and supply-side constraints, the Indian economy,
and therefore our business, our financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected. Any reduction
of or increase in the volatility of capital flows may impact the Indian economy and financial markets and increase the complexity and
uncertainty in monetary policy decisions in India, leading to volatility in inflation and interest rates in India, which could also adversely
impact our business, our financial performance, our stockholders’ equity, and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

See also “—
Risks relating to our
business— We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates
”.

The banking and financial markets in India are still
evolving, and the Indian financial system could experience difficulties, which could adversely affect our business and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs.

As an Indian bank, we are exposed to the risks
of the Indian financial system, which may be affected by the financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial institutions because
the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or

13

Table of Contents

other relationships. This risk, which is sometimes referred to as systemic
risk, may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact
daily. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about
Indian financial institutions and banks and adversely affect our business. Any such developments may impact credit markets and there could
be an adverse impact on the loan portfolios of banks, including us, if customers are no longer able to access financing or refinancing
from these entities or replace such financing or refinancing from other sources, thereby impacting their ability to conduct operations
or meet their financial obligations. Our transactions with these financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default
by the counterparty, which can be exacerbated during periods of market illiquidity. See also “
—Risks relating to our business—
There is operational risk associated with the financial industry, which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business”.

As the Indian financial system operates in an
emerging market, we face risks of a nature and extent not typically faced in more developed economies. Our credit risk may be higher than
the credit risk of banks in some developed economies. Our access to information about the credit histories of our borrowers, especially
individuals and small businesses, may be less extensive than what is typically available for similar borrowers in developed economies.
In addition, the credit risk of our borrowers is often higher than borrowers in more developed economies due to the evolving Indian regulatory,
political, economic and industrial environment. The directed lending norms of the Reserve Bank of India require us to lend a certain proportion
of our loans to priority sectors, including agriculture and small enterprises, where we are less able to control the portfolio quality
and where economic difficulties are likely to affect our borrowers more severely. We also purchase priority sector lending certificates
to meet directed lending requirements, and the cost of purchasing such certificates may increase substantially depending on the demand
and supply scenario of the certificates. Any shortfall in meeting the priority sector lending targets and sub-targets may be required
to be allocated to investments yielding sub-market returns. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in
a highly regulated sector—We are subject to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, which may also involve
buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required to
be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability. We may also experience a higher
level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our
business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
” and “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to
Loans and Advances—Directed Lending
”.

We may face the risk of deposit runs notwithstanding
the existence of a national deposit insurance scheme. Any failure to control such situations in the future could result in high volumes
of deposit withdrawals, which would adversely impact our liquidity position, disrupt our business and, in times of market stress, undermine
our financial strength.

We pursue our banking, insurance and other activities
in India with all the risks that come with operating in a developing economy. Our activities in India are widespread and diverse and involve
employees, contractors, counterparties and customers with widely varying levels of education, financial sophistication and wealth. Although
we seek to implement policies and procedures to reduce and manage market risks as well as operational risks within our own organization,
some risks remain inherent in doing business in a large, developing country. We cannot eliminate these market and operational risks, which
may lead to or exacerbate legal, regulatory or judicial actions, negative publicity or other developments that could reduce our profitability.
See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and
compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal
”,
“—
Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are at risk for inquiries or investigations
by

14

Table of Contents

regulatory and enforcement authorities, which may adversely affect
our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us to incur additional costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct business
”
and “—
Risks relating to our business—Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose
us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business
”.

A significant change in the Government of India’s
policies, including economic policies, fiscal policies and structural reforms, could adversely affect our business and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs.

Our business and customers are predominantly located
in India or are related to and influenced by the Indian economy. The Government of India has traditionally exercised, and continues to
exercise, a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy. The Government of India’s policies could adversely affect business
and economic conditions in India, our ability to implement our strategy, the operations of our subsidiaries and affiliates and our financial
performance. Successive Governments of India have pursued policies of economic liberalization, including significantly relaxing restrictions
on the private sector and encouraging the development of the Indian financial sector. The leadership of India and the composition of the
Government of India are subject to change, and election results are not predictable. It is difficult to predict the economic policies
that will be pursued by Governments of India in the future. In addition, investments by the corporate sector in India may be impacted
by government policies and decisions including judicial decisions, such as with respect to awards of licenses and resources, access to
land and natural resources and policies with respect to the protection of the environment. Such policies and decisions may result in delays
in execution of projects, including those financed by us, and limit new project investments, thereby impacting economic growth.

The pace of economic liberalization could change,
and specific laws and policies affecting banking and finance companies, foreign investment, currency exchange and other matters affecting
investment in our securities could change as well. Decisions by the Government of India could impact our business and financial performance.
The Government of India announced the introduction of a central bank digital currency (“CBDC”) by the Reserve Bank of India.
To further expand its usage, the Reserve Bank of India has proposed allowing non-bank payments system operators to offer CBDC wallets
in order to make retail CBDC more accessible to a broader segment of users. Any changes in regulations or significant change in India’s
economic policies or any market volatility as a result of uncertainty surrounding India’s macroeconomic policies or the future elections
of its government could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally, our business in particular and the prices
of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Natural disasters, climate change and health epidemics
could adversely affect the Indian economy, or the economy of other countries where we operate, which could adversely affect our business
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

India has experienced natural disasters such as
earthquakes, floods and droughts in the past few years. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determine their impact on the
Indian economy. In particular, climate and weather conditions, such as the level and timing of monsoon rainfall, impact the agricultural
sector, which constituted approximately 17.7% of India’s gross value added in fiscal 2026. Prolonged spells of below- or above-normal
rainfall, other natural disasters, or global or regional climate change, could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business, especially
our rural portfolio. Similarly, global or regional climate change in India and other countries where we operate could result in change
in weather patterns and frequency of natural disasters like droughts, El Niño, floods and cyclones, which could affect the economy
of India, the economies of countries where we operate and our operations in those countries.

15

Table of Contents

Health epidemics could also disrupt our business,
our borrowers, our counterparties and other constituents. The emergence of disease pandemics like COVID-19 have caused, and could in the
future cause, economic and financial disruptions. Such disruptions in India and other areas of the world in which we operate could lead
to operational difficulties, including travel restrictions, that could impact our business and our ability to manage or conduct our business.
Any future outbreak of health epidemics may impact the quality of our portfolio and result in an increase in our non-performing assets
and restrict the level of business activity in affected areas, which may in turn adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs.

If global or regional hostilities, terrorist attacks
or social unrest in India or elsewhere increase, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

India has from time-to-time experienced hostilities
both internally and with neighboring countries. There have been military confrontations between India and Pakistan, and border disputes
with neighboring countries, including China. We cannot predict how such geopolitical events will develop in the future and how it may
impact our business, operations, reputation and financial condition.

India has also experienced terrorist attacks in
some parts of the country, including in Mumbai, where our headquarters are located.

Global trade disputes and tariffs and other protectionist
measures and countermeasures could impact trade and capital flows and negatively affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect
our business. In addition, geopolitical events in the Middle East, Asia and Europe or terrorist or military action in other parts of the
world, may impact prices of key commodities, financial markets and trade and capital flows, including by leading to restrictions on countries
which are among India’s significant trading partners. These factors and any political or economic instability in India could adversely
affect our business, our financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated
sector

The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment
in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.

We are subject to a wide variety of banking, insurance
and financial services laws, regulations and policies and many regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of the jurisdictions in
which we operate. Regulators in India and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate subject financial sector institutions, including
us, to intense review, supervision and scrutiny. This heightened level of review and scrutiny, and the potential for changes in existing
regulatory and supervision frameworks, increases the possibility that we will face adverse legal or regulatory actions. In the face of
difficulties in the Indian banking sector, the Reserve Bank of India has been increasing the intensity of its scrutiny of Indian banks
and has been imposing fines and penalties on Indian banks that are larger than the historic norms, as well as restrictions on the conduct
of business. The Reserve Bank of India and other regulators regularly review our operations, and there can be no guarantee that all regulators
will agree with our internal assessments of asset quality, provisions, risk management, capital adequacy and management functioning, other
measures of the safety and soundness of our operations or compliance with applicable laws, regulations, accounting and taxation norms,
listing norms or policies.

The Reserve Bank of India has substantially expanded
its guidance relating to the identification of non-performing assets over the last decade, which resulted in an increase in our loans
classified as non-performing and an increase in provisions. In addition, the Reserve Bank of India’s annual supervisory process
may assess higher provisions than we have made. In the event that additional provisioning is

16

Table of Contents

required by the Reserve Bank of India, our net income, balance sheet
and capital adequacy could be affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial performance, ability to
implement our strategy, shareholders’ equity and the price of our equity shares and the ADSs. The Reserve Bank of India also requires
banks to disclose the divergence in asset classification and provisioning between what banks report and what the Reserve Bank of India
assesses through its annual supervisory process. There can be no assurance that such disclosures in the future will not impact us, our
reputation, our business or financial performance. Our subsidiaries and associates are also regulated by their respective regulatory bodies.
Similar to the Bank, there may arise a requirement for additional disclosures from our subsidiaries and associates in the future, which
may have an adverse impact on us. New regulations and compliance and disclosure requirements relating to environment, social and governance
matters, especially climate change, have been recommended or are under consideration by regulators in the jurisdictions where we have
our operations.

Regulators, including, among others, the Reserve
Bank of India and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), as well as governmental authorities and courts in India
or in the jurisdictions in which we operate, may find that we are not in compliance with applicable accounting and taxation norms, listing
norms, laws, regulations, policies or with the regulators’ revised interpretations of such laws, regulations or policies, and may
take formal or informal actions against us. Such formal or informal actions may require us to make additional provisions for our non-performing
assets, divest assets, adopt new compliance programs or policies, remove senior executives or other personnel, reduce dividend or executive
compensation, provide remediation or refunds to customers or undertake other changes to our business operations, and may reduce our revenues,
require us to incur additional expenses, impact our profitability or damage our reputation. See also “
Supervision and Regulation
”.

Evolving data protection, privacy and AI regulations
across jurisdictions may increase compliance obligations, operational complexity and costs. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements or to effectively govern the use of AI technologies may result in regulatory scrutiny, financial penalties, litigation, reputational
damage and restrictions on business activities. See also “
Risks relating to technology— System failures or system downtime
could adversely impact our business
”.

If we fail to effectively manage our legal and
regulatory risk across the jurisdictions in which we operate, our business may be adversely affected, our reputation could be harmed and
we could be subject to additional legal and regulatory risks. This could, in turn, increase the size and number of claims and damages
asserted against us and/or subject us to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions or other proceedings, or lead to increased supervisory
concerns. We may also be required to spend additional time and resources on remedial measures and conducting inquiries, beyond those already
initiated and ongoing, which could have an adverse effect on our business.

Despite our best efforts to comply with all applicable
regulations, there are several risks that cannot be completely controlled. Our international presence has led to increased legal and regulatory
risks. Regulators in every jurisdiction in which we operate or have listed our securities have the power to restrict our operations, stipulate
higher capital and liquidity requirements or bring administrative or judicial proceedings against us, our employees, representatives,
agents or our third-party service providers, which could result, among other things, in suspension or revocation of one or more of our
licenses, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action which may materially harm our
reputation, results of operations and financial condition.

17

Table of Contents

We may be subject to fines, restrictions or other
sanctions for regulatory compliance failures, which may adversely affect our financial position or our ability to expand our activities.

Failure to comply with applicable regulations
in various jurisdictions, including unauthorized actions by employees, representatives, agents and third parties, suspected or perceived
failures and media reports, and ensuing inquiries or investigations or proceedings by regulatory and enforcement authorities, has resulted,
and may result in the future, in regulatory actions, including financial penalties and restrictions on or suspension of the related business
operations. Whenever we consider it appropriate and applicable laws or regulations so permit, we may seek to settle or compound regulatory
inquiries or investigations or proceedings through a consensual process with the concerned regulator, which may entail monetary payment
by us or agreeing to non-monetary terms. The non-monetary terms may include suspension or cessation of business activities for a specified
period; change in key management personnel or restrictions being placed on key management personnel; disgorgement; implementation of enhanced
policies and procedures to prevent future violations; appointing or engaging an independent consultant to review internal policies, processes
and procedures; providing enhanced training and education; and/or submitting to enhanced internal audit, concurrent audit or reporting
requirements.

We and our employees are at risk of inquiries or investigations by
regulatory and enforcement authorities, which may adversely affect our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us to
incur additional costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct business.

A failure to comply with the applicable regulations
in various jurisdictions by our employees, representatives, agents or third-party service providers, either in or outside the course of
their services, or suspected or perceived failures by them, may result in further inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement
authorities and in additional regulatory or enforcement action against either us, or such employees, representatives, agents or third-party
service providers. Such additional actions may further impact our reputation, result in adverse media reports, lead to increased or enhanced
regulatory or supervisory concerns, cause us to incur additional costs, penalties, claims or expenses or impact adversely our ability
to conduct business.

Various government and regulatory authorities
have initiated inquiries against the Ex-Managing Director & CEO of the Bank and the matters are ongoing. In the event the Bank is
found in any of these inquiries to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory
actions that may result in legal and reputation risk for the Bank.

Our international presence in multiple jurisdictions
exposes us to a variety of regulatory and business challenges and risks, including cross-cultural risk, and further increases the risk
of inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities. Presence in these jurisdictions also increases the complexity
of our risks in various areas, including currency risks, interest rate risks, compliance risk, regulatory risk, reputational risk and
operational risk. In addition, we, or our employees, may from time to time, and as is common in the financial services industry, be the
subject of inquiries, examinations or investigations that could lead to proceedings against us or our employees.

We cannot predict the timing or form of any current
or future regulatory or law enforcement initiatives, which are increasingly common for international banks and financial institutions.

We are subject to the directed lending requirements
of the Reserve Bank of India, which may also involve buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall
in meeting these requirements may be required to be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting
our profitability. We may also experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely
impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Under the directed lending norms of the Reserve
Bank of India, banks in India are required to lend 40.0% of their adjusted net bank credit to certain eligible sectors, categorized as
priority sectors. Under

18

Table of Contents

such lending norms, banks also have sub-targets for lending to key
segments or sectors. A proportion of 10.0% and 12.0% of adjusted net bank credit were required to be lent to small and marginal farmers
and identified weaker sections of society, respectively, in fiscal 2026. The Reserve Bank of India has directed banks to maintain direct
lending to non-corporate farmers at the banking system’s average level for the last three years and set a target of 13.78% of adjusted
net bank credit for this purpose for fiscal 2025, which has increased to 14.0% in fiscal 2026. In addition, 7.5% of adjusted net bank
credit is required to be lent to micro-enterprises. The priority sector lending requirement can be met by lending to a range of sectors,
including small businesses, medium-sized enterprises, renewable energy, social infrastructure and residential mortgages satisfying certain
criteria. These requirements and achievements are assessed considering the average of the outstanding balances at the quarter end. From
fiscal 2022, the priority sector achievements are computed based on the weight assigned to the incremental priority sector credit in identified
districts. The necessary adjustments for weight of districts and calculation of achievement are done by the Reserve Bank of India on the
basis of data submitted by banks on a quarterly basis.

These requirements apply to ICICI Bank on a standalone
basis. The Reserve Bank of India allows banks to sell and purchase priority sector lending certificates in the event of excess/shortfall
in meeting priority sector targets, which helps reduce shortfalls in priority sector lending. These instruments are issued by banks that
have a surplus in priority sector lending or any of its individual sub-segments and are purchased by banks having a shortfall, through
a trading portal, without the transfer of risks or loan assets. The Bank also purchases priority sector lending certificates to meet directed
lending requirements, the cost of which may vary based on the demand for and supply of such certificates. The fiscal 2026 achievement
as a percentage of the adjusted net bank credit for agricultural sector was 17.8% against the requirement of 18.0%, sub-category within
agricultural sector for non-corporate farmers was 13.7% against the requirement of 14.0% and for lending to weaker sections was 12.7%
against the requirement of 12.0%.

The amount of any shortfall we may have in meeting
the priority sector lending requirements, after taking into account any priority sector lending certificates purchased, may be required
to be invested at any time, at the Reserve Bank of India’s directive, in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, determined
depending on the prevailing bank rate and on the level of shortfall, thereby impacting our profitability. At March 31, 2026, our total
investments in such schemes on account of past shortfalls were Rs. 103.7 billion. These investments count towards overall priority sector
target achievement. Investments at March 31 of the preceding fiscal year are included in the adjusted net bank credit, which forms the
base for computation of the priority sector and sub-segment lending requirements.

As a result of priority sector lending requirements,
we may experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, particularly due to loans to the agricultural
and small enterprise sectors, where we are less able to control the portfolio quality and where economic difficulties are likely to affect
our borrowers more severely. The Bank’s gross non-performing assets in the priority sector loan portfolio were 1.8% in both fiscal
2024 and fiscal 2025 and 1.6% in fiscal 2026. In fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019, some states in India announced schemes for waiver of loans
taken by farmers. While the cost of such schemes is borne by the state governments, such schemes or borrower expectations of such schemes
result in higher delinquencies, including in the farmer loan portfolio for banks, which may affect us. Under the Reserve Bank of India’s
guidelines, these and other specified categories of agricultural loans are classified as non-performing when they are overdue for more
than one year, as compared to 90 days for loans generally. Thus, the classification of overdue loans as non-performing occurs at a later
stage with respect to these specified categories of agricultural loans as compared to the loan portfolio in general.

19

Table of Contents

During fiscal 2026, following its annual supervisory review, Reserve Bank of India has directed the Bank to make a standard asset provision
of Rs. 12.83 billion in respect of a portfolio of agricultural priority sector credit facilities wherein the terms of the facilities were
found to be not fully compliant with the regulatory requirements for classification as agricultural priority sector lending. The Bank
has undertaken an exercise to comprehensively review the current status of such loans with regards to their eligibility to be classified
as agricultural priority sector lending. The Bank is in the process of completing this exercise and the additional standard asset provision
will be reviewed on the completion of this exercise.

Going forward, growth in our domestic loan portfolio
could lead to a significant increase in our priority sector lending target amounts. In case of the continuing shortfall in agriculture
lending sub-targets and weaker section loans, the Bank may have to significantly increase the purchase of priority sector lending certificates.
The Reserve Bank of India has from time to time issued guidelines on priority sector lending requirements that restrict the ability of
banks to meet the directed lending obligations through lending to specialized financial intermediaries, specify criteria to be fulfilled
for investments by banks in securitized assets and outright purchases of loans and assignments to be eligible for classification as priority
sector lending and regulate the interest rates charged to ultimate borrowers by the originating entities in such transactions. See also
“
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Loans and Advances—Directed Lending
”. Any future changes
by the Reserve Bank of India to the directed lending norms may result in an inability to meet the priority sector lending requirements
as well as require us to increase our lending to relatively riskier segments and may result in an increase in non-performing assets.

We are subject to capital adequacy requirements stipulated
by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel III, as well as general market expectations regarding the level of capital adequacy large
Indian private sector banks should maintain, and any inability to maintain adequate capital due to changes in regulations, a lack of access
to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.

Banks in India are subject to the Basel III capital
adequacy framework as stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India. The Basel III guidelines in India, among other things, require a minimum
common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 5.5%, a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 7.0%, a minimum total risk-based capital
ratio of 9.0% and a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets above the minimum requirements to
avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. The Bank is also required to maintain a capital surcharge
of 0.2% on account of being designated a domestic systemically important bank. The Basel III guidelines also establish eligibility criteria
for capital instruments in each tier of regulatory capital, require adjustments to and deductions from regulatory capital, and provide
for limited recognition of minority interests in the regulatory capital of a consolidated banking group. Applying the Basel III guidelines,
our capital ratios on a consolidated basis at March 31, 2026 were: a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 16.25% and a total
risk-based capital ratio of 17.05%.

The Reserve Bank of India has released guidelines
on implementation of counter cyclical capital buffers, which propose higher capital requirements for banks, ranging from 0% to 2.5% of
risk-weighted assets, during periods of high economic growth. This capital requirement would be determined based on certain triggers,
such as a deviation of long-term average credit-to-GDP ratio, and other indicators. While these guidelines are already effective, the
Reserve Bank of India has stated that current economic conditions do not warrant activation of the counter cyclical capital buffer. The
Reserve Bank of India has also issued a leverage ratio framework which is measured as the ratio of a bank’s Tier 1 capital to its
total exposure. The Reserve Bank of India requires domestic systemically important banks, including us, to maintain a minimum leverage
ratio of 4.0% and requires other banks to maintain a minimum leverage ratio of 3.5%. Applying the Prudential Norms on Capital Adequacy,
our leverage ratio on a consolidated basis at March 31, 2026 was 10.8%.

20

Table of Contents

Regulatory changes may impact the amount of capital
that we are required to hold. The Reserve Bank of India has issued a revised direction on Capital Charge for Credit Risk under the standardized
approach, which focuses on strengthening the standardized approach for credit risk capital computation by enhancing robustness, granularity
and risk sensitivity for maintaining capital as well as convergence with the international standards. These directions will be effective
from April 1, 2027. Our ability to grow our business and execute our strategy is dependent on our level of capitalization and we may be
required to raise resources from the capital markets or divest our stake in one or more of our subsidiaries to meet capital requirements.
The Reserve Bank of India regularly reviews our operations, and there can be no guarantee that it will agree with our internal assessments
of capital adequacy. Any reduction in our regulatory capital ratios, changes to the capital requirements applicable to us on account of
regulatory changes or otherwise, our inability to access capital markets or otherwise increase our capital base or our inability to meet
stakeholder expectations of the appropriate level of capital for us, while also meeting expectations of return on capital, may limit our
ability to maintain our market standing and grow our business, and adversely impact our future performance and strategy. Debt and equity
investors, rating agencies, equity and fixed-income analysts, regulators and others would likely expect us to maintain capital adequacy
ratios well above the regulatory requirements, reflecting our position as a large private sector bank. There can be no assurance that
we will be successful in raising capital when required or that the timing for accessing the market or the terms of any capital raised
would be attractive, and these may be subject to various uncertainties including liquidity conditions, market stability, or political
or economic conditions. If we are unable to raise enough capital to satisfy our regulatory capital requirements, we could be subject to
restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments, as well as other potential regulatory actions.

The Reserve Bank of India’s Prompt Corrective
Action (“PCA”) framework for banks defines risk thresholds for indicators like capital adequacy, asset quality and leverage.
The PCA framework also stipulates actions like restrictions on dividend distribution/remittance of profits, branch expansion, domestic
and/or overseas expansions and capital expenditures other than for technological upgrades. At year-end fiscal 2026, the Bank’s financial
indicators did not breach the risk thresholds prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. There can be no assurance that we will always remain
within the thresholds prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India in the future.

Our insurance, banking and home finance subsidiaries
are also subject to solvency and capital requirements imposed by the subsidiaries’ respective regulators. While we currently do
not expect these entities to require significant additional equity capital, any requirement for ICICI Bank to make additional equity investments
in these entities in the event of an increase in their capital requirements due to regulation or material stress could impact our capital
adequacy.

We are subject to liquidity requirements of the Reserve
Bank of India as well as those of banking regulators in our overseas locations, and any inability to maintain adequate liquidity due to
changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.

The Reserve Bank of India has released guidelines
on LCR requirements under the Basel III liquidity framework that require banks to maintain and report the Basel III LCR, which is a ratio
of the stock of high-quality liquid assets to total net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar days. The Reserve Bank of India has also
defined categories of assets qualifying as high-quality liquid assets and mandated a minimum LCR of 100.0%. Further, the Reserve Bank
of India has issued final guidelines on the net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”) for banks, which requires banks to maintain
sufficient funds that are considered as reliable to cover the liquidity requirements and asset maturities coming up over the next one
year on an ongoing basis. There are similar requirements stipulated by regulators in most of our overseas locations, due to which we are
required to maintain appropriate levels of liquidity in those geographies as well.

21

Table of Contents

These liquidity requirements, together with the existing liquidity
and cash reserve requirements, result in Indian banks, including us, holding high amounts of liquid assets, thereby impacting profitability.
The Reserve Bank of India has issued LCR guidelines which require commercial banks to assign an additional 2.5% run-off factor for retail
and small business deposits enabled with internet or mobile banking. These instructions came into force with effect from April 1, 2026.

Any reduction in our LCR or NSFR, increase in
liquidity requirements applicable to us on account of regulatory changes or otherwise, changes in the composition of liquidity or inability
to access capital markets may limit our ability to grow our business or adversely impact our profitability and our future performance
and strategy.

Further, any tightening of liquidity or volatility
in international markets may limit our access to international funding markets, result in an increase in our cost of funding for our overseas
branches and overseas banking subsidiaries and impact our ability to replace maturing borrowings and fund new assets.

Changes in the regulation and structure of the financial
markets in India may adversely impact our business.

In recent years, the Indian financial markets
have experienced, and continue to experience, changes and developments aimed at reducing the cost and improving the quality of service
delivery to users of financial services. We may experience an adverse impact on the cash float and fees from our cash management business
resulting from the development and increased usage of payment systems, as well as other similar structural changes. See also
“—Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial
sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal”
.

Our subsidiaries and affiliates are also subject
to similar risks. For instance, the Government of India’s tax policies generally influence the purchase of insurance and investment
in mutual funds by customers. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—While our insurance businesses
are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability”.

The Reserve Bank of India has been permitting
the entry of new players in the financial sector, including through issuing licenses for universal banks and small finance banks in the
private sector under the continuous licensing policy and allowing financial technology firms (“fintechs”) and technology companies
to offer payment and other financial services. The entry of new players has intensified competition which could impact our ability to
capture business opportunities if we are not able to adapt our business strategy to new developments. See also
“—Risks
Relating to Our Business—Our industry is very competitive, and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.”

In addition, changes in laws, regulations or policies,
including changes in the interpretation or application of such laws, regulations or policies, may adversely affect the products and services
we offer, the value of our assets or the collateral or contractual comforts available for our loans or our business in general. Changes
in regulations, such as those relating to ownership, governance and corporate structure of private sector banks, management compensation,
board governance, consumer protection, sustainable finance and risk management, may have an impact on our business and our future strategy.
These changes could require us to reduce or increase our business in specific segments, increase competition or impact our overall growth
and return on capital. We cannot predict future legal or regulatory changes. Any such regulatory or structural changes may result in increased
expenses, including enhanced compliance costs, operational restrictions, increased competition or revisions to our business operations,
which may reduce our profitability or force us to forego potentially profitable business opportunities.

22

Table of Contents

The opportunities for growth in our international
operations and our ability to repatriate capital from these operations may be limited by the local regulatory environments.

Our international franchise focuses on non-resident
Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses and on deepening relationships with well-rated Indian corporates in international
markets and multinational companies to maximize the India-linked trade, transaction banking and lending opportunities within our risk
management framework. Our overseas banking subsidiaries continue to serve local markets selectively with a focus on risk management and
granularity of business. There can be no assurance of the successful execution of this strategy and the future growth and profitability
of our international operations.

Further, while our overseas banking subsidiaries
are focused on optimizing their capital base and have repatriated capital and made dividend payments to ICICI Bank in the past, such actions
are subject to regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance regarding the timing or grant of such approvals in the future. Our
international branches are also subject to respective local regulatory requirements, which may include requirements related to liquidity,
capital, asset classification and provisioning.

Our subsidiaries are subject to supervision
and regulation by various Indian financial sector regulators such as the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority of India and the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority.

The SEBI, based on any observations reported in
inspection reports or reports submitted by our asset management subsidiary or securities brokerage subsidiary, may take actions like issuing
administrative warnings, show cause notices, penalties or initiating enforcement actions. Further, there could be claims from investors
of the funds or the portfolios managed by our subsidiary, which would be determined in the court of law or by regulators and may impact
the reputation and business of our subsidiary and us.

Our insurance businesses are
subject to extensive regulation and supervision by India’s insurance regulator, IRDAI. Our insurance businesses have a large
number of retail and corporate customers, from whom claims may arise, which could result in determinations by courts or regulators
against our

23

Table of Contents

insurance businesses or us or our insurance businesses’ management
and employees. IRDAI has the authority to specify, modify and interpret regulations regarding the insurance industry, including regulations
governing products, selling commissions, solvency margins and reserves and issuance of new licenses, which can lead to additional costs
or restrictions on our insurance subsidiaries’ activities.

Further, our insurance subsidiaries are publicly
listed companies on the Indian stock exchanges, which has resulted in enhanced compliance requirements and regulatory oversight.

Similarly, our pension fund management subsidiary,
ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited (“ICICI PFM”) is subject to supervision and regulation by Pension Fund Regulatory and
Development Authority (“PFRDA”).

There
can be no assurance that increased regulatory scrutiny of our subsidiaries along with stringent requirements, including additional
disclosures, will not have a material adverse impact on the Bank. There could be instances where the regulator or government agency may
find that we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations pertaining to listed companies or their relationship with the
parent or other ICICI Group entities, or with their interpretations of laws, regulations or policies, and may take formal or informal
actions against us and our subsidiaries or affiliates.

Adoption of a different basis of accounting or new
accounting standards may result in changes in our reported financial position and results of operations for future and prior periods.

The financial statements and other financial information
included or incorporated by reference in this annual report are based on our unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements under
Indian GAAP. Indian corporations have transitioned to Ind AS, a revised set of accounting standards, which largely converges the Indian
accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards, as per the roadmap provided to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs,
which is the lawmaking authority for adoption of accounting standards in India. Some of ICICI Group’s non-banking finance companies
have transitioned to Ind AS. Currently, the implementation of Ind AS for banks has been deferred until further notice pending the consideration
of some recommended legislative amendments by the Government of India. For insurance companies, Ind AS has been made applicable from April
1, 2026, with an option to the insurance companies to obtain a forbearance for a period of one year with prior approval of IRDAI. During
fiscal 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued a revised master directions on prudential norms on classification, valuation and operations
of investment portfolio of commercial banks, broadly based on the principles of the International Financial Reporting Standard 9, which
became effective April 1, 2024. In April 2026, the Reserve Bank of India, issued directions which introduced an expected credit loss framework
for provisioning by banks, broadly based on the principles of the International Financial Reporting Standard 9, supplemented by regulatory
backstops. The expected credit loss framework introduces a staging framework for asset classification while retaining an existing classification
of non-performing assets and adoption of forward-looking provisioning. These directions also introduced minimum prudential floors to be
maintained by banks in additions to provisions computed based on expected credit loss framework estimates. These directions shall come
into force on April 1, 2027 and will likely increase provisioning requirements for banks. The Bank held contingency provisions of Rs.
131.0 billion at March 31, 2026. Adoption of these guidelines or any other guidelines proposed to be issued by the Reserve Bank of India,
would have a significant impact on the way financial assets and liabilities are classified and measured, which may result in volatility
in profit or loss and equity. In addition, the Reserve Bank of India’s annual supervisory process may assess higher provisions than
we have made. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Convergence of Indian accounting standards with International
Financial Reporting Standards
”.

Risks relating to Our business

If the level of our non-performing assets increases
and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our business will suffer.

24

Table of Contents

In recent years, banks in India, including
us, have focused on growing their retail and small business lending portfolios. While we expect the retail and small business
segment to remain a key driver of growth, a slowdown in economic growth, investment, consumption or employment or any increase in
unemployment, could have an adverse impact on the quality of our retail loan portfolio. As an example, following the outbreak of the
first wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India announced several measures during fiscal
2021, including a moratorium on loan repayments for certain borrowers and an asset classification standstill benefit for overdue
accounts where a moratorium had been granted, restructuring of loans to small borrowers, including individuals, small businesses and
micro, small and medium enterprises (“MSMEs”), and funding under the Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme for MSMEs
and other stressed sectors. Our portfolio includes lending under the Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme and loans where a
resolution plan had been implemented and loans to borrowers who had availed moratorium, that may carry higher risks compared to our
overall portfolio. The ongoing geopolitical tensions in West Asia since March 2026 have contributed to volatility and disruption in
global supply chains, particularly in crude oil and related by-products, having potential direct and indirect implications on
various sectors of the Indian economy and our borrowers businesses, impacting their ability to meet their obligations to lenders,
including us. The Government of India has announced a new emergency credit line guarantee scheme in May 2026 to provide credit
guarantee coverage to eligible enterprises, by extending support in terms of additional facilities enabling these entities to
navigate any short-term liquidity mismatches. Lending under emergency credit line guarantee scheme that may carry higher risks
relative to our overall portfolio and past performance may not be indicative for the future. See also
“—Risks
relating to India and other economic and market risks—A prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our
business to suffer”
and
“—Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks—A significant
change in the Government of India’s policies, including economic policies, fiscal policies and structural reforms, could
adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs”.

Recent advances in AI/machine learning, notably
the emergence of large language models and of generative pre-trained transformers, have marked a leap in the ability of technology enabled
solutions. Adoption of AI/machine learning in technology-driven sectors may lead to job losses resulting in an impact on asset quality
of our retail portfolio.

If the level of our non-performing assets increases
and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our provisioning costs could increase, our net interest income and net interest
margin could be negatively impacted due to non-accrual of income on non-performing assets, our credit ratings and liquidity may be adversely
impacted, we may become subject to enhanced regulatory oversight and scrutiny and our reputation, our business, our financial performance
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely impacted. The Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 131.0 billion at
March 31, 2026. There can be no assurance of the adequacy of these provisions, or the level of additional provisions that will be required.

Any adverse economic, technological, regulatory
or legal developments or natural disasters like the COVID-19 pandemic could cause further increases in the level of our non-performing
assets and have a material adverse impact on the quality of our loan portfolio and business.

See also “
—Risks relating to our
business—Our loan portfolio includes exposures such as long-term project finance loans, real-estate-linked loans and commodity sector
loans, which are particularly vulnerable to risks such as completion risk, commodity price cycle risk and other related risks” and
“—Risks relating to our business—We

have a concentration of loans to certain customers, borrower groups
and sectors, and if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of our loan portfolio, our business
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected
”.

25

Table of Contents

Our loan portfolio includes exposures such as long-term
project finance loans, real-estate-linked loans and commodity sector loans, which are particularly vulnerable to risks such as completion
risk, commodity price cycle risk and other related risks.

The viability of the projects that we have financed
depends upon a number of factors, including market demand, government policies, the processes for awarding government licenses and access
to natural resources and their subsequent judicial or other review, the financial condition of the governments or other entities that
are the primary customers for the output of such projects and the overall economic environment in India and the international markets.
In the past, we have experienced a high level of default and restructuring in our industrial and manufacturing project finance loan portfolio.
Our loans to the power sector as a proportion of total loans declined from 0.9% at March 31, 2025 to 0.8% at March 31, 2026. Power projects
face a variety of risks, including access to fuel such as coal and gas, volatility in pricing of power and off-take of the power produced.
In addition, power projects inherently have high leverage levels. The Reserve Bank of India has issued directions on financing of projects
in infrastructure and non-infrastructure, including commercial real estate and commercial real estate-residential housing, which inter
alia requires rationalization of standard asset provisioning requirement to 1.0% for projects under construction and shall gradually increase
for each quarter of `date of commencement of commercial operations' deferment. These directions shall come into force with effect from
October 1, 2025.

Our loan portfolio includes project finance, corporate
finance, and working capital loans to commodity-based sectors such as iron and steel and other metals and mining, which are subject to
similar and additional risks, as well as global commodity price cycles. Further, the growing focus on climate change and national commitments
towards a low-carbon economy may impact the flow of capital to specific sectors and could lead to structural shifts in these sectors,
and the overall economy. It is difficult to assess the impact of these changes, which can expose us to new risks and challenges in managing
the loan portfolio.

Our portfolio includes buy-out/purchases of retail
asset pools of home finance companies and non-banking finance companies that may expose us to additional risks, including the failure
of the underlying borrowers to perform as anticipated, risks arising out of weaknesses in the financial position or operations of the
originators, who are generally responsible for collections and servicing and additional mark-to-market provisions where the purchases
are structured as securitized instruments classified as investments. In addition, challenges in certain sectors like real estate, such
as the inability of real estate developers to complete or deliver residential properties for which we have provided loans to customers,
may impact the repayment behavior of customers and result in higher delinquencies and non-performing assets.

We have a concentration of loans to certain customers,
borrower groups and sectors, and if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of our loan portfolio,
our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Our loans and advances to the retail segment constituted
51.3% of our gross advances (gross loans) at March 31, 2026. Our gross loans and advances at March 31, 2026 were 7.3% to the wholesale/retail
trade sector, 6.3% to the rural finance segment, 4.9% to the services-finance sector, 2.3% to the infrastructure sector (excluding power)
and 0.8% to the power sector.

Banks are subject to the Reserve Bank of
India’s framework for large exposures, which places limits on exposure of banks to a single counterparty and a group of
connected counterparties. As per this framework, the sum of all exposure values of a bank to a single counterparty must not exceed
20.0% of the bank’s available eligible capital base (i.e., Tier 1 capital) at all times and the sum of all the exposure values
of a bank to a group of connected counterparties must not exceed 25.0% of the bank’s available eligible capital base at all
times. At year-end fiscal 2026, our largest single counterparty accounted for

26

Table of Contents

16.1% of our Tier 1 capital. The largest group of connected counterparties
accounted for 16.2% of our Tier 1 capital.

Our focus on controlling concentration risk may
restrict our ability to grow our business with some customers, thereby impacting our earnings. There can be no assurance that we will
be successful in controlling concentration risk or will be able to successfully grow our operating profits while controlling non-performing
assets and provisions.

The value of our collateral may decrease or we may
experience delays in enforcing our collateral when borrowers default on their obligations to us, which may result in failure to recover
the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential loss.

A material portion of our loans to corporate and
retail customers are secured by collateral. See also “
Business—Loan Portfolio—Collateral—Completion, Perfection
and Enforcement
”. Changes in asset prices may cause the value of our collateral to decline, and we may not be able to realize
the full value of our collateral as a result of delays in bankruptcy and foreclosure proceedings, delays in the creation of security interests,
defects or deficiencies in the perfection of collateral, including due to the inability to obtain approvals that may be required from
various persons, agencies or authorities, fraudulent transfers by borrowers and other factors, including depreciation in the value of
the collateral and illiquid market for disposal of and volatility in the market prices for the collateral, current legislative provisions
or changes thereto and past or future judicial pronouncements.

In India, foreclosure on collateral consisting
of property can be undertaken directly by lenders by fulfilling certain procedures and requirements (unless challenged by borrowers/security providers in courts of law) or otherwise by an application to an Indian court or tribunal. An application or a legal challenge
to the foreclosure undertaken directly may be subject to delays or administrative requirements that may result in, or be accompanied
by, a decrease in the value of the collateral. These delays can last for several years and might lead to deterioration in the physical
condition or market value of the collateral.

Corporate borrowers may voluntarily or by creditor action be admitted to the insolvency
resolution process under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“Code”). During the period of resolution under the Code,
there is a moratorium on foreclosure and other recovery proceedings by the lenders against the borrower.

The Code provides
for a time-bound mechanism to resolve stressed assets. Further, the Reserve Bank of India’s prudential framework for resolution
of stressed assets. A few large accounts have been resolved under the Code. However, since the process was evolving, there were uncertainties and delays in the resolution of accounts referred under the Code. The process of resolution of accounts referred under the Code is still evolving, with amendments being incorporated into the framework through both legislation and judicial decisions from time to time. Through the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (Amendment) Act, 2026, amendments have been introduced in the Code to improve its operation, enhance its effective implementation by reducing delays, maximizing value for all stakeholders, and improve governance of all processes under the Code. Should the resolution of accounts not be achieved and the borrowers go into liquidation, the market value of the collateral may
decrease and adversely impact the recovery of dues by lenders. There can be no assurance of the level of recovery, even in cases where
a resolution is achieved.

Further, the Reserve Bank of India’s prudential
framework for resolution of stressed assets requires banks to implement a plan to resolve any overdue account within stipulated and may
include legal proceedings for insolvency or recovery.

In addition, for collateral we hold in jurisdictions
outside India, the applicable laws and regulations in such jurisdictions may impact our ability to foreclose on collateral and realize
its value. Failure to recover the expected value of collateral could expose us to potential losses, which could adversely affect our financial
performance, our stockholders’ equity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

27

Table of Contents

Our banking and trading activities are particularly
vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed-income
portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance.

Interest rates in India are impacted by a range
of factors, including inflation, fiscal deficit and government borrowing, monetary policy and market liquidity. Due to the reserve requirements
of the Reserve Bank of India, we may be more structurally exposed to interest rate risk than banks in other countries. See also “
Supervision
and Regulation—Legal Reserve Requirements
”. These requirements result in our maintaining a large portfolio of fixed-income
Government of India securities, and we could be materially adversely impacted by a rise in interest rates, especially if the rise were
sudden or sharp. A rise in yields on government securities reduces our realized and marked-to-market gains and the value of our fixed-income
portfolio. The requirement to maintain a large portfolio of government securities and other liquid assets to comply with reserve requirements
and the LCR also has a negative impact on our net interest income and net interest margin because we earn interest on a portion of our
assets at rates that are generally less favorable than those typically received on our other interest-earning assets.

If the yield on our interest-earning assets does
not increase at the same time or to the same extent as our cost of funds, or if our cost of funds does not decline at the same time or
to the same extent as the decrease in yield on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income and net interest margin would be adversely
impacted. A slower growth in low-cost deposits in the form of current and savings account deposits compared to total deposits would result
in an increase in the cost of funds and could adversely impact our net interest margin if we are not able to pass on the increase to borrowers.
Introduction of higher deposit interest rates by banks with whom we compete may also lead to revisions in our deposit rates to remain
competitive and this could adversely impact our cost of funds.

The Reserve Bank of India mandates the linking
of interest rates on new floating rate retail loans and floating rate loans to micro and small enterprises, and floating rate loans to
medium enterprises, to an external benchmark. Since our funding is primarily fixed rate, volatility in external benchmarks that underly
loan pricing may cause volatility in or compress our net interest margin. If there are increases in our cost of funds and if we are unable
to pass on the increases fully into our lending rates, our net interest margins and profitability would be adversely impacted. Such revisions
in external benchmark lending rates may impact the yield on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income and net interest margin.
At year-end fiscal 2026, approximately 56.0% of the Bank’s domestic loan portfolio was linked to external benchmarks.

We are also exposed to interest rate risk through
our treasury operations as well as the operations of certain of our subsidiaries and affiliates, including ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, which have a portfolio of fixed-income securities, and ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited, which is a primary dealer in Government of India securities. In our asset management business, we manage money
market, debt and hybrid mutual fund schemes whose performance is impacted by a rise in interest rates, which adversely impacts our revenues
and profits from this business. See also “
—Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks—A prolonged
slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer.
”

High and increasing interest rates or greater
interest rate volatility and differential movement between external benchmarks underlying loan pricing and our cost of funding may adversely
affect our ability to grow, our net interest margins, our net interest income, our income from treasury operations, the value of our fixed-income
securities portfolio and the operations of certain of our subsidiaries. On the other hand,

28

Table of Contents

lower interest rates may impact margins, given the competitiveness
in mobilizing deposits could entail keeping deposit rates at an attractive level.

Our inability to effectively manage credit, market
or liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization,
credit ratings and cost of funds.

Our risk management strategies may not be effective
because, in a difficult or less liquid market environment, other market participants may be attempting to use the same or similar strategies
to deal with difficult market conditions. In such circumstances, it may be difficult for us to reduce our risk positions due to the activity
of such other market participants. Our derivatives businesses may expose us to unexpected market, credit or operational risks that could
cause us to suffer unexpected losses or enhanced regulatory scrutiny. Severe declines in asset values, unanticipated credit events or
unforeseen circumstances that may cause previously uncorrelated factors to become correlated may create losses resulting from risks not
appropriately taken into account in the development, structuring or pricing of a derivative instrument. In addition, some derivative transactions
are not cleared and settled through a central clearing house or exchange, and they may not always be confirmed or settled by counterparties
on a timely basis. In these situations, we are subject to heightened credit and operational risk, and in the event of a default, we may
find the contract more difficult to enforce. Further, as new and more complex derivative products are created, disputes regarding the
terms or the settlement procedures of the contracts could arise, which could force us to incur unexpected costs, including transaction
and legal costs, and impair our ability to manage effectively our risk exposure to these products. Many of our hedging strategies and
other risk management techniques have a basis in historic market behavior, and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree
on management’s subjective judgment. To the extent any of the instruments and strategies we use to hedge or otherwise manage our
exposure to market or credit risk are not effective, we may not be able to mitigate effectively our risk exposures in particular market
environments or against particular types of risk. Our balance sheet growth is dependent upon economic conditions and our ability to securitize,
sell, purchase or syndicate particular loans or loan portfolios. Our trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon our ability
to properly identify and mark-to-market changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or rates. Our
earnings are dependent upon the effectiveness of our management of migrations in credit quality and risk concentrations, the accuracy
of our valuation models and our critical accounting estimates and the adequacy of our allowances for loan losses. The risk of future pandemics,
climate change, geopolitical conflicts, energy and supply chain related issues and related economic disruption have significantly complicated
risk management for banks, including us, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate the changes in our risk exposures. See also
“—Risks
relating to our business—There is operational risk associated with the financial industry, which, when realized, may have an adverse
impact on our business”
.

To the extent our assessments, assumptions or
estimates prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, we could suffer higher than anticipated losses and enhanced regulatory
scrutiny. The successful management of credit, market and operational risk is an important consideration in managing our liquidity risk
because it affects the evaluation of our credit ratings by domestic and international rating agencies. Rating agencies may reduce or indicate
their intention to reduce the ratings at any time. See also “
—Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks—Any
downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt by an international rating agency could
adversely affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”. The rating agencies can also decide
to withdraw their ratings altogether, which may have the same effect as a reduction in our ratings. We are rated by certain Indian rating
agencies, which include CRISIL, CARE and ICRA, with a long-term rating of AAA and a stable outlook. However, there is no assurance that
we will always be able to maintain the highest rating and any significant decline in our business or capital position or increase in

29

Table of Contents

non-performing assets could impact our rating or outlook. Any reduction
in or withdrawal of our ratings may increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to capital markets or adversely affect our ability
to sell or market our products, engage in business transactions, particularly longer-term, and derivatives transactions, or retain our
customers. Conditions in the international and Indian debt markets may adversely impact our access to financing and liquidity. This could
reduce our liquidity and negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. For more information, relating to our ratings,
see also “
Business—Risk Management—Market Risk—Liquidity Risk.
”

Our funding is primarily short-term, and if depositors
do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely affected.

Most of our incremental funding requirements are
met through short-term funding sources, primarily in the form of deposits, including current and savings account deposits, term deposits
from retail customers, term deposits from corporate customers and interbank deposits. Our customer deposits generally have a maturity
of less than two years with an option of early withdrawal before contractual maturity. A large portion of our assets have medium- or long-term
maturities, creating the potential for funding mismatches. For instance, our mortgage loans and corporate term loans typically have longer-term
maturities compared to our funding profile.

Our international branches are primarily funded
by debt capital market issuances and syndicated/bilateral loans, while our international subsidiaries generally raise deposits in their
local markets. Volatility in the international debt markets may constrain our international capital market borrowings. There can be no
assurance that our international branches and subsidiaries will be able to obtain funding from the international debt markets or other
sources in a timely manner on acceptable terms. This may adversely impact our ability to replace maturing borrowings and fund new assets.
In addition, borrowers who have taken foreign currency loans from us may face challenges in meeting their repayment obligations on account
of market conditions and currency movements. See also “
—Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks—Financial
instability in other countries, particularly countries where we have established operations, could adversely affect our business.
”

A determination against us in respect of disputed
tax assessments may adversely impact our financial performance.

We are regularly assessed by the Government of
India’s tax authorities, and, on account of outstanding tax demands, we have included in our contingent liabilities Rs. 148.5 billion
in additional taxes in excess of our provisions as of March 31, 2026. These additional tax demands mainly relate to income tax, service
tax, goods and services tax, sales tax and value added tax and do not include further disputed tax assessments considered as remote. These
further disputed tax assessments, where the possibility of liability arising has been considered remote, amounts to Rs. 67.7 billion,
of which: Rs. 39.9 billion has been considered remote, based on favorable Supreme Court of India/High Court decisions in our own or other
similar cases and mainly relates to disallowance of provision for insurance claims, disallowance for non-deduction of tax on certain expenses,
disallowance of exempt income, tax on bad debts written off, broken period interest and penalties levied; and Rs. 27.8 billion has been
considered remote, based on internal assessment and relates to non-payment of goods and services tax on co-insurance premium, re-insurance
commission, motor salvage and reimbursement, and errors requiring rectification by tax authorities. See also “
Business—Legal
and Regulatory Proceedings
”. Further, we are subject to various ongoing inquiries by the tax authorities through investigations
and notices that mainly consist of levy of goods and services tax on services provided by the Bank to customers maintaining specified
minimum balances in their deposit accounts and denial of input tax credit availed and utilized on certain expenses pertaining to advertisement
and manpower services by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. This is an industry-wide issue, and ICICI Group is contesting
its potential liability

30

Table of Contents

with the tax authorities. Tax-related inquiries are usually not included
in contingent liabilities as the demanded amount is not yet established. However, we believe that, based on judicial precedent, such proceedings
will not be upheld by judicial authorities.

We have contested all of these issues, which are
the subject matter of investigations initiated or unfavorable orders issued by the tax authorities. While we expect that no additional
liability will arise out of these matters based on our consultations with tax counsel, favorable decisions in our own and other cases
and as per an internal assessment conducted by ICICI Group, there can be no assurance that these matters will be settled in our favor
or that no further liability will arise out of these demands. Any additional tax liability may adversely impact our financial performance
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Negative publicity could damage our reputation
and adversely impact our business and financial results and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Reputation risk, or the risk to our business,
earnings and capital from negative publicity, is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion about the financial services industry
generally or us specifically could adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers and expose us to litigation or regulatory
action. Negative publicity can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, specific
credit exposures, the level of non-performing assets, corporate governance, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions and related
disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection of customer information and actions taken by government, regulators, investigative agencies,
courts and community organizations in response to that conduct. Being a large financial services organization, we are exposed to media
coverage and public scrutiny of our business practices, our Board, key management personnel, policies and actions. Although we take steps
to minimize reputation risk in dealing with such events, we are inherently exposed to this risk.

Any additional unfavorable publicity may adversely
impact investor confidence and affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. Our subsidiaries’ businesses include mutual fund,
portfolio and private equity fund management, which are exposed to various risks, including diminution in value of investments and inadequate
liquidity of the investments. We also distribute products of our insurance, asset management and private equity subsidiaries. Investors
in these funds and schemes may allege mismanagement or weak fund management as well as mis-selling and conflicts of interest, which may
impact our overall reputation as a financial services group and may require us to support these businesses with liquidity and may result
in a reduction in business volumes and revenues from these businesses. We are also exposed to the risk of litigation, claims or disputes
by customers, counterparties or other constituents across our businesses.

The exposures of our international branches and banking
subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The loan portfolios of our international branches
and banking subsidiaries include foreign currency loans to Indian companies for their Indian operations (where permitted by regulation)
and their overseas ventures, including cross-border acquisitions. This exposes us to specific additional risks, including the failure
of the acquired entities to perform as expected and our relative inexperience in various aspects of the economic and legal framework in
overseas markets. We are, through our international branches and banking subsidiaries, also exposed to a variety of credit risks in local
markets where our expertise and experience may be limited. Our international profile has also increased the complexity of our risks
in several areas, including price risks, currency risks, interest rate risks, compliance risks, regulatory and reputational risks and
operational risks. We also face risks arising from our ability to manage inconsistent legal and regulatory requirements in the multiple
jurisdictions in which we operate. Our businesses are

31

Table of Contents

subject to changes in legal and regulatory requirements, and it may
not be possible to predict the timing or nature of such changes. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence
in a highly regulated sector—The opportunities for growth in our international operations and our ability to repatriate capital
from these operations may be limited by the local regulatory environments.
” Business opportunities in these jurisdictions will
also determine the growth in our operations.

Global developments, including tariffs and other
trade disputes, could impact economic growth in Canada and the United Kingdom, which in turn could impact the business of our banking
subsidiaries in those countries. Our international branches and banking subsidiaries undertake select local banking businesses, including
lending to multinational and local corporations, small businesses, property-backed lending and insured and other mortgages, and in the
event of these corporations being impacted by global and local economic conditions it could have an adverse impact on our business. Our
international branches and banking subsidiaries have also made investments in bonds, certificates of deposit, mortgage-backed securities,
treasury bills and asset-backed commercial paper.

Our international business strategy additionally
focuses on the non-resident Indian community and on India-linked business. Our overseas banking subsidiaries will continue to serve local
markets selectively with a focus on risk mitigation and granularity of business. There can be no assurance of our successful execution
of this strategy. Moreover, the risk of future pandemics and financial crises may also increase challenges for our international branches
and banking subsidiaries. If we are unable to manage these risks, our business would be adversely affected. The classification of the
loan portfolio of our international branches and banking subsidiaries is also subject to the regulations of respective local regulators.
Such loans that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than record of recovery, but which are standard
as per the current Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are classified as non-performing to the extent of the amount of outstanding loan
in the host country. Overseas regulators may also require higher provisions against loans held in their jurisdictions.

Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing
loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business.

The growth of our retail, rural and small business
loan portfolios expose us to increased risks within India, including higher levels of non-performing assets in our unsecured retail credit
portfolio, increased operational, fraud, regulatory and legal risks. We continue to focus on scaling up our retail lending volumes and
have seen an increase in our retail unsecured portfolio and our lending to small businesses and entrepreneurs. Retail lending, including
unsecured retail credit, has been an important driver of growth for the Indian banking system. We have also entered into partnerships
with technology companies with large customer bases to offer co-branded credit products and non-banking financial companies for co-origination
and/or purchases of loans. We intend to continue to pursue similar partnerships.

While we have taken measures to address the risks
in these businesses, there can be no assurance that the businesses would perform according to our expectations or that there would not
be any adverse developments in these businesses in the future. We use data analytics extensively in our lending to retail and small business
customers, and there can be no assurance that these analytical models will perform as intended. Our focus on partnerships with other entities
to grow our portfolio may not yield the desired results and may lead to additional risks. Our inability to manage such risks may have
an adverse impact on our future business and strategy, our asset quality and profitability and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

32

Table of Contents

Commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit
on foreign exchange transactions and other sources of fee income are important elements of our profitability, and regulatory changes or
changes in market conditions could cause these income streams to decline and adversely impact our financial performance.

We earn commission, exchange and brokerage income
from a variety of activities, including loan processing, syndication and advisory services for corporate clients with respect to their
acquisition and project financing, distribution of retail investment and insurance products, transaction banking and retail credit products.
Our commission, exchange and brokerage income is therefore impacted by the level of corporate activity, including new financing proposals,
the demand for retail financial products and the overall level of economic and trade activity. Our commission, exchange and brokerage
income is also impacted by applicable regulations governing various products and segments of financial services and changes in these regulations
may adversely impact our income streams and ability to grow our business. Our fee income from distribution of third-party financial products
is dependent on applicable regulations, the demand for these products and our distribution strategy for banking and third-party products.

Our industry is very competitive, and our strategy
depends on our ability to compete effectively.

Within the Indian market, we face intense competition
from other commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies, non-bank finance companies, new private sector banks like payments
banks and small finance banks and non-bank entities offering retail payments services. Some Indian public and private sector banks have
experienced higher growth and increase in market shares relative to us. The expansion of existing competitors or the entry of new competitors
could increase competition for products and services. There could be greater competition for business opportunities if there is a slowdown
in growth in the Indian banking sector. The establishment of account aggregators, permitted by the Reserve Bank of India, facilitates
sharing of customer data with different financial service providers from whom customers may be seeking loans or other products and may
increase competition by making it easier for new entrants to onboard customers at a lower cost than traditional models. These moves may
significantly impact competition in the industry, especially for deposits and retail products.

Further, technology innovations in mobility and
digitization of financial services require banks and financial services companies to continuously develop new and simplified models for
offering banking products and services. The emergence of new platforms, operating models and types of banks or other entities offering
digital banking solutions, are trends that could increase competitive pressures on banks, including us. Innovations in the payments system
and increasing use of mobile banking are leading to the emergence of new platforms for cashless payments. This can also lead to new types
of banks expanding their presence in other financial products like insurance and mutual funds. Non-financial companies, particularly international
technology companies, including large e-commerce players and internet-based service providers, are increasing their presence in the financial
sector and are offering payment platforms and other services. We are currently partnering with some of these entities to jointly offer
payment and credit products and services. Some or all of these entities, which have substantially more resources than us and other Indian
banks, may eventually seek a larger share of the banking and financial services market in India and compete with us. Our subsidiaries
also face similar risks, including enhanced competition from new, technology-led players with disruptive business models that may result
in a loss of market share, reduced profitability or both for existing players. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue
to respond promptly to new technological developments and be able to participate in new market opportunities or dedicate resources to
upgrade our systems and compete with new players entering the market. See also “
—Risks relating to technology—The
growing use of technology in banking and financial services creates additional risks of competition, reliability and security”.

We face competition from non-banking finance companies
that are lending in segments in which banks also have a presence, including home loans and vehicle loans. Their presence in the market
may grow during periods when banks are unable to grow their advances due to challenges and stress in other

33

Table of Contents

businesses. There is no assurance that we will be able to effectively
compete with these non-banking finance companies at all times. Further, changes in the banking sector structure due to consolidation
and entry of new competitors may lead to volatility and new challenges and may increase pressure on banks to remain competitive.

Any changes in the banking structure in India,
including the entry of new banks, greater competition between existing players and improvement in the efficiency and competitiveness of
existing banks, may have an adverse impact on our business. Due to competitive pressures, we may be unable to successfully execute our
growth strategy or offer products and services at reasonable returns, and this may adversely impact our business. See also “
Business—Competition
”.

In our international operations we also face competition
from the full range of competitors in the financial services industry, both Indian and foreign banks and non-banks. We remain a small
to mid-size player in the international market and many of our competitors have resources much greater than our own.

There is operational risk associated with the financial
industry, which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business.

Like all financial institutions, we are exposed
to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions
by employees and third parties (including violation of regulations for prevention of corrupt practices, and other regulations governing
our business activities), misreporting or non-reporting with respect to statutory, legal or regulatory reporting and disclosure obligations,
or operational errors, including non-compliance with internal processes, clerical or recordkeeping and reconciliation errors or errors
resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems. We have experienced significant growth in a fast-changing environment, and
management as well as our regulators are aware that this may pose significant challenges to our control framework. As a result of our
internal evaluations, we and our regulators have noted certain areas where our processes and controls could be improved. Our growth, particularly
in retail, small business and rural lending, our international business and our insurance businesses, and our extensive use of digital
technology, expose us to additional operational and control risks. Regulatory scrutiny of areas related to operational risk, including
internal audit information, systems and data processing is increasing. Our inability to manage operational risk and ensure the resilience
of our systems and infrastructure may lead to regulatory actions against us. The large size of our treasury and retail operations, which
use automated control and recording systems as well as manual checks and recordkeeping, exposes us to the risk of errors in control, recordkeeping
and reconciliation. The increasing size of our insurance business and the complexities of those products expose us to the risk that the
models set up on actuarial software to compute the actuarial liabilities and deferred acquisition cost may contain errors or may require
continuous improvement over time. Given our high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are
discovered and successfully rectified. In addition, our dependence on automated systems to record, process, monitor or review transactions
may further increase the risk that technical system flaws, employee tampering, manipulation of those systems and deficiency in access
control management will result in losses that are difficult to detect. We may also be subject to disruptions of our operating systems
arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, including computer viruses or electrical or telecommunication outages,
which may give rise to deterioration in customer service or loss or liability to us.

We also outsource some functions, like collections,
sourcing of retail loans and management of ATMs, to other entities and hence we are also exposed to the risk that external vendors may
be unable to fulfil their contractual obligations to us or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective
employees as we are, and to the risk that our or our vendors’ business continuity and data

34

Table of Contents

security systems prove not to be sufficiently adequate. We also face
the risk that the design of our controls and procedures prove inadequate or could be circumvented, thereby causing delays in detection
or errors in information. We are also exposed to operational risks from transactions with other financial institutions and intermediaries.
Although we maintain a system of controls designed to keep operational risk at appropriate levels, like all banks and insurance companies,
we have suffered losses from operational risk. There can be no assurance that we will not suffer losses from operational risks in the
future that may be material in amount, and our reputation could be adversely affected by the occurrence of any such events involving our
employees, customers or third parties.

In addition, regulators or governmental authorities
or courts may also hold banks, including us, liable for losses on account of customer errors such as inadvertent sharing of confidential
account related information. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system, especially of controls and procedures,
including the possibility of human error, circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures, in a fast-changing environment or
when entering new areas of business or expanding geographic reach. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can
only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. We are committed to continuing to implement and improve internal
controls and our risk management processes, and this remains a key priority for us. If, however, we are unable to manage operational risk
in India and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate, or if we are perceived as being unable to manage such risk, we may be subject
to enhanced regulatory oversight and scrutiny. For a discussion of how operational risk is managed, see also “
Business—Risk
Management—Market Risk—Operational Risk
”.

Our failure to establish,
maintain and apply adequate internal controls over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business,
financial condition or results of operations.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal controls over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and preparation and fair presentation of our published Indian GAAP consolidated financial statements and disclosures relating to U.S.
GAAP net income reconciliation, stockholders’ equity reconciliation and other disclosures as required by the SEC and applicable
GAAP. Our management is required to assess the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and disclose whether such
internal controls are effective. Our independent registered public accounting firm must conduct an audit to evaluate and render an opinion
on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. See “
Management—Summary Comparison of Corporate
Governance Practices—Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
”.

We have established internal controls over financial
reporting and policies and procedures for evaluating those controls to provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements. However, these controls may fail to prevent or detect errors. Any evaluation of
effectiveness of future periods is subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. To the extent any issues are identified through the foregoing
processes, there can be no assurance that we will be able to resolve them in a timely manner or at all. If this occurs, our reputation
may be damaged, which could lead to a decline in investor confidence in us and may adversely affect our business, financial conditions
and results of operations.

We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations in
foreign exchange rates.

Certain of our borrowers enter into derivatives
contracts to manage their foreign exchange risk exposures. Volatility in exchange rates may result in increased mark-to-market losses
in derivatives

35

Table of Contents

transactions for our clients. Upon the maturity or premature termination
of the derivatives contracts, these mark-to-market losses become receivables owed to us. Consequently, we are exposed to various kinds
of risks, including credit risk, market risk and exchange risk.

Exchange rates are impacted by various factors,
including volatility of international capital markets, geopolitical events, interest rates and monetary policy stance in developed economies
like the United States, level of inflation and interest rates in India, the balance of payment position and trends in economic activity.
Rising volatility in capital flows due to, for example, changes in monetary policy in the United States or other economies, a reduction
in risk appetite or increase in risk aversion among global investors may reduce global liquidity, and may impact the Indian economy and
financial markets.

During fiscal 2026, the rupee depreciated by 10.9%
from Rs 85.46 per U.S. Dollar at March 31, 2025 to Rs. 94.83 per U.S. Dollar at March 31, 2026. The U.S. Dollar has remained stronger
owing to expectations of U.S. rates remaining higher for a longer period. Apart from this, ongoing capital outflows from October 2024
onwards have led to persistent depreciation pressure in the rupee. See also “—
Risks relating to India and other economic
and market risks—Any adverse impact on India’s external trade account due to continued elevated prices of oil and other petroleum
products, or any widening of the current account deficit, outflow of foreign capital or exchange rate volatility, could adversely affect
the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business
”.

Some of our borrowers with foreign exchange and
derivatives exposures may be adversely impacted by the depreciation of the rupee. These include borrowers impacted by higher rupee denominated
interest or principal repayment on unhedged foreign currency borrowings; increases in the cost of raw material imports where there is
limited ability to pass through such escalations to customers; the escalation of project costs due to higher imported equipment costs;
and borrowers that may have taken adverse positions in the foreign exchange markets. The failure of our borrowers to manage their exposures
to foreign exchange and derivatives risk, particularly adverse movements and volatility in foreign exchange rates, may adversely affect
our borrowers and consequently the quality of our exposure to our borrowers and our business volumes and profitability.

Further, any increased intervention in the foreign
exchange market or other measures by the Reserve Bank of India to control the volatility of the exchange rate, may result in a decline
in India’s foreign exchange reserves, reduced liquidity and higher interest rates in the Indian economy. Prolonged periods of volatility
in exchange rates, reduced liquidity and high interest rates could adversely affect our business, our financial performance and the prices
of our equity shares and ADSs. A sharp depreciation in the exchange rate may also impact some corporate borrowers having foreign currency
obligations that are not fully hedged.

An increase in non-performing or restructured
assets on account of our borrowers’ inability to manage exchange rate risk and any increased capital or provisioning requirement
against such exposures may have an adverse impact on our profitability, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. We
have adopted certain risk management policies to mitigate such risk. However, there is no assurance that such measures will be fully effective
in mitigating such risks.

We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions,
divest our existing businesses, or be required to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and could face integration and other
acquisitions risks.

We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions
or be required to undertake mergers mandated by the Reserve Bank of India under its statutory powers. In the past, we have undertaken
mergers and acquisitions. In some cases, the Reserve Bank of India has ordered mergers of weak banks

36

Table of Contents

with other banks primarily in the interest of depositors of the weak
banks. For example, the Government of India announced the amalgamation of 10 public sector banks into four larger banks in 2020 as part
of a consolidation measure to create fewer banks that are individually larger in scale. We may in the future examine and seek opportunities
for acquisitions. Our subsidiaries in India may also undertake mergers, acquisitions and takeovers in India or internationally.

We may also increase or reduce our shareholding
in our subsidiaries and affiliates, or divest other existing businesses wholly or partially, for a variety of reasons, including changes
in strategic focus, redeployment of capital, contractual obligations and regulatory requirements. Mergers and acquisitions by our subsidiaries
could lead to reduction in our shareholding in such subsidiaries (including to below majority ownership in certain subsidiaries), and,
under applicable laws, may require us to reduce our shareholding to 30.0% or less unless we receive regulatory and governmental approval
to maintain a higher level of shareholding, which may be subject to various conditions, including divestment to the required level of
30.0% within a specified timeframe.

During fiscal 2022, following the completion
of an all-stock merger by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, the Bank’s shareholding in ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited decreased to 48.1%. During fiscal 2024, the Bank had acquired an additional stake in ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited, resulting in an increase in our shareholding to more than 50.0%. In June 2023, the Board and ICICI
Securities Limited’s board of directors approved a scheme of arrangement for the delisting of equity shares of ICICI
Securities Limited (“Delisting Scheme”). With effect from March 24, 2025, ICICI Securities Limited became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Bank and has been delisted from the stock exchanges. The Bank allotted its equity shares to the public
shareholders of ICICI Securities Limited, as provided in the Delisting Scheme. In February 2025, the Bank’s joint venture
partner, Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited (“PCHL”), made an announcement regarding a potential listing of and
partial divestment of its stake in ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company
Limited completed the listing through the initial public offering of equity shares by way of Offer for Sale by PCHL. The Bank also
purchased 2% additional shareholding in ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited from PCHL, primarily towards maintaining
the Bank’s majority shareholding in the event of grant of stock-based compensation by the ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited. On January 12, 2026, the Bank executed a share purchase agreement with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited and ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited and acquired 100% shareholding in ICICI Prudential Pension
Funds Management Company Limited, which is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank. The Board, at its meeting held in February 2026, approved purchase of up to 2.0% additional shareholding in its subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited,
primarily towards maintaining the Bank’s majority shareholding in the event of exercise of stock-based compensation of ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. The Bank has received the Reserve Bank of India approval in this regard. See also
“
—Business—Investment Banking
”, “
—Business—Private Equity
”,
“
—Business—Asset Management
” and “
—Business—Insurance
”.

PCHL entered into definitive agreements on May
17, 2026, pursuant to which PCHL has agreed to acquire a 75% stake in Bharti Life Insurance Company Limited, subject to receipt of applicable
regulatory approvals and satisfaction of certain conditions. Consequently, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited has applied
to the IRDAI for the reclassification of PCHL from “promoter” to “investor”, along with a proposal to change
the name of the company from ‘ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited’ to ‘ICICI Life Insurance Limited’. See also
“Note
21(c) to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes for disclosure on accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP”, “—Business—Insurance” and —Risks relating
to our insurance subsidiaries— While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance
of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability”
.

37

Table of Contents

In fiscal 2026, the Reserve Bank of India released
directions covering forms of business by the banks. As a principle, any form of business must be undertaken by one entity in an entire
banking group. However, if a bank undertakes a form of business through more than one entity in a banking group, it must be done so with
a proper rationale, such as business segmentation or specialization, and duly approved by bank’s board of directors. The directions
are effective from April 1, 2026. The Bank has obtained the necessary approvals from its Board to ensure compliance with the guidelines
and has also submitted the rationale to the Reserve Bank of India explaining the manner of compliance for relevant activities and entities.
In the event that the Reserve Bank of India takes a different view or provides further direction, the Bank may be required to undertake
and implement further changes to ICICI Group activities.

Any future mergers, acquisitions or takeovers,
whether by us or our subsidiaries, may involve a number of risks that may include the possibility of a deterioration of asset quality,
quality of business and business operations, financial impact of employee related liabilities, changes in economic and financial market
conditions or the diversion of our management’s attention required to integrate the acquired business. Other risks may include the
failure to retain key acquired personnel and clients, leverage synergies or rationalize operations, or develop the skills required for
new businesses and markets. We are also at risk of liabilities
,
 including
any ongoing litigation, claims or disputes concerning such merger, acquisition or takeover, with its shareholders, share capital or its
legal and regulatory compliance obligations or practices. Some or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business or that
of our subsidiaries.

We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information
about customers and counterparties.

In deciding whether to extend credit or enter
into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of customers and
counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We may also rely on certain representations as to the
accuracy and completeness of that information
,
and with respect to financial
statements, on reports of their independent auditors. For instance, in deciding whether to extend credit, we may assume that a customer’s
audited financial statements conform to applicable GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the customer. Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected by relying
on financial statements that do not comply with applicable GAAP or other information that is materially misleading. According to data
published by the Reserve Bank of India, there is an increasing trend in

38

Table of Contents

frauds reported in the Indian banking sector, and the composition of
the fraud amount reported is largely dominated by frauds related to loans and advances. In addition, our access to information about the
credit histories of our borrowers, especially individuals and small businesses, may be limited, relative to what is typically available
for similar borrowers in developed economies with more established nation-wide credit bureaus. This may affect the quality of information
available to us about the credit history of our borrowers, especially individuals and small businesses. As a result, our ability to effectively
manage our credit risk may be adversely affected.

We are involved in various litigations. Any final
judgment awarding material damages against us could have a material adverse impact on our financial performance and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs.

We and the other entities in ICICI Group, or our
or their directors or officers, are often involved in civil and criminal litigation in India and in the other jurisdictions in which we
operate for various reasons, which generally arise because we seek to recover amounts due from borrowers or because customers seek claims
against us or disputes may arise in connection with financial services. In certain instances, former employees have instituted legal and
other proceedings against us. The majority of these cases arise in the normal course of business, and we believe, based on the facts of
the cases and consultation with counsel, that these cases generally do not involve the risk of a material adverse impact on our financial
performance or prices of our equity shares and ADSs. We estimate the probability of losses that may be incurred in connection with legal
and regulatory proceedings as of the date on which our unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements are prepared. We recognize
a provision when we have a present obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made. We determine the amount of provision based
on our estimate of the amount required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date, supplemented by our experience in similar situations.
We review provisions at each balance sheet date and adjust them to reflect current estimates. In cases where the available information
indicates that a loss is reasonably possible, but the amount of such loss cannot be reasonably estimated, we make a disclosure to this
effect in the unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements. Whenever we consider it appropriate and the legal or regulatory guidelines
so permit, we may seek to settle or compound legal or regulatory proceedings through consensual process with the concerned claimant or
regulator, which may entail monetary payment or receipt or agreeing to non-monetary terms. When there is only a remote risk of loss, we
do not recognize a provision, nor do we include a disclosure in the unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements. See also “
Business—Legal
and Regulatory Proceedings
”. We cannot guarantee that the judgments in, or the outcomes of any of the litigation or other proceedings
or of any settlement or compounding of legal or regulatory proceedings in which we are involved would be favorable to us and if our assessment
of the risk changes, our view on provisions will also change.

See also, “
—Risks relating to
our business—A determination against us in respect of disputed tax assessments may adversely impact our financial performance.
”
and “
Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
”.

We continue to expand our branch network and any inability
to use these branches productively may have an adverse impact on our growth and profitability.

The Bank’s branch network in India increased
from 6,983 branches at March 31, 2025 to 7,511 branches at March 31, 2026. Although we plan to leverage our extensive geographical reach
to support growth in our business, our new branches typically operate at lower productivity levels, as compared to our existing branches.
See also “
—Risks relating to our business—We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions, divest our existing
businesses, or be required to undertake mergers by the Reserve

39

Table of Contents

Bank of India and could face integration and other acquisitions
risks
”. We also have a substantial branch network in rural and semi-urban areas and have also established branches in villages
that did not have any banking services. Any inability to achieve or substantial delays in achieving desired levels of deposits, advances
or revenues from the new branches would have an adverse impact on our growth and profitability and the prices of our equity shares and
ADSs.

We depend on the knowledge and skills of our senior
management. Any inability to attract them and retain them and other talented professionals or any loss of senior management or other talented
professionals may adversely impact our business.

Our continued success depends in part on the continued
service of key members of our management team and our ability to continue to attract, train, motivate and retain highly qualified professionals.
This is a key element of our strategy, and we believe it to be a significant source of competitive advantage. The successful implementation
of our strategy depends on the availability of skilled management, both at our head office and at each of our business units and international
locations, continuity in the service of our directors, executives and senior managers, and our ability to attract and train young professionals.

The appointment of individuals in certain positions
is subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals. Any stringent requirements by our regulator for appointing key members in the management
may require us to reorganize our management structure and may affect our ability to identify, hire and appoint suitable professionals
for various roles.

The loss of any member from our senior management,
including directors and key personnel, can have a material impact on our business, our financial performance, our stockholders’
equity, our ability to implement our strategy and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. If we or one of our business units or other
functions fail to staff operations appropriately or lose one or more key senior executives or qualified young professionals and fail to
replace them in a satisfactory and timely manner, our business, financial condition or results of operations, including our controls related
to operational risks, may be adversely affected. Likewise, if we fail to attract, appropriately train, motivate or retain young professionals
or other talent, our business may likewise be affected. We have recently made several changes to our human resource management practices,
including key performance indicators, unit-level operating flexibility and accountability and a shift from grades to functional designations
at senior levels, aimed at promoting greater agility and synergy across the organization. There can be no assurance that these measures
will be successful in meeting the desired objectives.

A substantial portion of our compensation structure
for middle and senior management is in the form of employee stock options and dependent on the market price of our equity shares. We introduced
an employee stock unit scheme aimed primarily at up to the middle-level management employees pursuant to which stock units will be issued
at the face value of Rs. 2.0 per unit, with phased vesting of units based upon the continuation of the employee. However, increased competition,
including the entry of new banks into an already competitive sector, may affect our ability to hire and retain qualified employees. See
also “
Business—Employees
”.

Future health epidemics or natural disasters could
impact our employees, including senior management. There can be no assurance that this would not impact our ability to manage or conduct
our business or the price of our equity shares and ADSs.

Risks relating to technology

The growing use of technology in banking and financial
services creates additional risks of competition, reliability and security.

40

Table of Contents

Our business and operations are heavily dependent
upon our ability to offer digital products and services and process large volumes of transactions. This has increased our reliance on
technology in recent years. Technology innovations in financial services require banks and financial services companies to continuously
develop new and simplified models for offering banking products and services. See also
“—Risks relating to our business—Our
industry is very competitive, and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.”

The growing demand for digital banking services
has substantially increased the volume of transactions for the banking system. This has required banks to enhance their focus on the availability
and scalability of their systems in the context of growing customer dependence on digital transactions and increasing volumes of such
transactions and may require additional investments. The increasing adoption of cloud-based services, open application programming interface
(“APIs”) digital ecosystems and third-party technology arrangements may further increase operational, cybersecurity, data
privacy and concentration risks. Any disruption in service delivery could impact our business, our financial position or our reputation,
and may lead to regulatory action, including imposing restrictions on our business. Increasing regulatory expectations relating to cybersecurity,
operational resilience, data protection and privacy may also require additional investments in technology, resilience capabilities and
continuous enhancements to governance, monitoring and compliance frameworks.

The emergence of technologies including, AI and
generative AI, presents both potential risk and opportunities. Our failure to appropriately respond to these emerging technologies may
adversely impact our business, financial results, our shareholders’ equity, the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

We face security risks, including denial of service
attacks, misuse of privilege access by insiders, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion
or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our
business or reputation, and creating significant legal and financial exposure.

Our businesses rely on our secure processing,
transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and
networks and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. To access our products and services, our customers
may use personal smartphones, tablets, laptops, PCs, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control and subject to their own cybersecurity
risks. Given our reliance and focus on technology and presence in diverse geographies, our technologies, systems, networks, and our customers’
devices are subject to security risks and are susceptible to cyber-attacks (such as, denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities
or identity theft) that could negatively impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data pertaining to us or our customers,
which in turn may cause direct loss of money to our customers or to us, damage to our reputation and adversely impact our business and
financial results. Third parties with which we do business or that facilitate our business activities could also be sources of operational
and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints.

We, our customers, regulators and other third
parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to, and are likely
to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. These cyber-attacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing
attacks, denial of service or information, ransomware, advanced threats from large language models, improper access by employees or vendors,
attacks on personal email of employees, ransom demands to not expose security vulnerabilities in our systems or the systems of third parties
or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of

41

Table of Contents

confidential, proprietary and other information of ours, our employees,
our customers or of third parties, damage our systems or otherwise materially disrupt our or our customers’ or other third parties’
network access or business operations. There are multiple employees (including outsourced employees) of the Bank who are provided privileged
access to various IT systems. We have a defined process for granting employees access to our IT systems, which is reviewed periodically
by the respective supervisors. However, any large-scale malicious activity by these employees (e.g., deletion of critical data, updating
of malicious patches) may result in prolonged outage in the critical services of the Bank. This could result in loss of trust of depositors,
leading to a widespread loss of depositor confidence and withdrawal of funds. Like many other large global financial institutions, we
have experienced attacks pertaining to distributed denial of services, which were intended to disrupt customer access to our main portal.
While our monitoring and mitigating controls were able to detect and effectively respond to such incidents, there can be no assurance
that these security measures will be successful in the future. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant
additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security
vulnerabilities.

We have a governance framework in place for security
and have implemented information security policies, procedures and technologies. We continue to enhance our cybersecurity governance framework
through periodic risk assessments, threat intelligence, vulnerability management, incident response testing and employee awareness programs.
However, considering that technology is currently in a phase of rapid evolution and that the methods used for cyber-attacks are also changing
frequently or, in some cases, are not recognized until an actual attack, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive
measures against all security breaches. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks
and could be held liable for any security breach or loss.

Cybersecurity risks for banking organizations
have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies and the use of the internet and
telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. For example, cybersecurity risks may increase as we continue to expand
our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. In
addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities
of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other
external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. Some of the newer technologies like AI and quantum computing solve
problems that are too complex for classical computers. Large scale AI disruptions have the potential to improve technological advantages
by swiftly processing data through real-time analytics, ultimately leading to enhanced customer experience, optimized operations and predictive
risk analysis. However, cyber-attacks using AI technology present a substantial threat due to their ability to identify vulnerabilities
faster using sophisticated attack methods and adapt real-time, evading traditional security measures. Encryption tools are used to secure
online communications between parties from any possible attackers. Newer technologies could pose a threat to the existing encryption protocols
and could lead to unauthorized access to internal data.

Even the most advanced internal control environment
may be vulnerable to compromise. Targeted social engineering attacks and “spear phishing” attacks are becoming more sophisticated
and are extremely difficult to prevent. In such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other
users of our systems to disclose sensitive information to gain access to its data or that of its clients. Persistent attackers may succeed
in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time and motive. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be
recognized until launched and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. The risk of a security breach caused by a
cyber-attack at a vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. Additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks
or security breaches at third-party vendors with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. We also face cybersecurity
risks

42

Table of Contents

which could result in direct loss of money of the Bank and/or its customers
due to cyber-attacks, potentially resulting in penalties and restrictions on business as well as reputational risks for the Bank.

We also face indirect technology, cybersecurity
and operational risks related to clients and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable
our business activities, including financial counterparties, regulators and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access
and electrical power. Cyber-attacks may also target critical infrastructure providers, software supply chains, cloud environments and
third-party service providers, which could adversely impact our operations, customer services, data integrity and regulatory compliance
obligations. As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology
failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes or compromises the systems or data
of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including us. This consolidation,
interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems
need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis.

Any third-party technology failure, cyber-attack
or other information or security breach, termination or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to facilitate
transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our business. Cyber-attacks or other information or security
breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. Hacking of personal information
and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. The rapid evolution of fraud techniques, including AI-enabled
impersonation, deep-fakes and social engineering attacks, could increase the risk of unauthorized transactions, customer fraud and reputational
harm. A successful penetration or circumvention of our system security could cause serious negative consequences, including our loss of
customers and business opportunities, costs associated with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach; significant
business disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation, exposure, or destruction of our confidential information, intellectual
property, funds, and/or those of our customers; or damage to our computers or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable privacy
laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational
damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact our results of operations,
liquidity and financial condition.

Our customers could also be exposed to increased
phishing and vishing attacks that could result in a financial loss to them, and in turn lead to claims for compensation from the Bank
or reputation loss for the Bank.

System failures or system downtime could adversely
impact our business.

Given the large share of retail products and services
and transaction banking services in our total business, the importance of systems technology to our business has increased significantly.
Increasing dependence on digital channels and interconnected systems may also heighten the impact of technology outages, cyber incidents
or disruptions affecting critical vendors, payment infrastructure or telecommunications networks. Our business, financial, accounting,
data processing systems or other operating systems or facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result
of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as surges in customer transaction volume,
utility disruptions or failures, natural disasters, diseases, pandemics, events arising from political or social matters and terrorist
attacks. While we have procedures to monitor for and prevent system downtime or failures, and to recover from system failures in the event
they occur, there is no guarantee that these procedures will successfully prevent a system failure or allow us to recover quickly from
a system failure. If our data center is severely impacted, while we have a secondary disaster

43

Table of Contents

recovery data center, recovery of some of our systems and services
may be delayed, thereby adversely impacting our operations and customer service levels. Any failure in our systems, particularly for retail
products and services and transaction banking, could significantly affect our operations and the quality of our customer service and could
result in enhanced regulatory scrutiny and actions and business and financial losses that would adversely affect the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs. Regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence
in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory
action against us, whether formal or informal.
”

Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries

Additional capital requirements of our insurance subsidiaries
or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding or make further investments in these companies as required may adversely impact
our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

At March 31, 2026, we owned 50.9% of the equity
shares of our life insurance subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, and 51.3% of the equity shares of our general
insurance subsidiary, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Although our insurance businesses are profitable,
and we currently do not anticipate that they would require capital, additional capital may be required to support the business, which
may, among other reasons, arise due to regulatory requirements or increased opportunities for growth or changes in loss experience and
actuarial assumptions. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries— Actuarial experience and other factors
could differ from assumptions made in the calculation of life actuarial reserves and other actuarial information” and “—Risks
relating to our insurance subsidiaries—Loss reserves for our general insurance subsidiary’s business are based on estimates
as to future claims liabilities and adverse developments relating to claims could lead to further reserve additions and materially adversely
affect the operation of our general insurance subsidiary.”
Our insurance subsidiaries may also explore mergers and acquisitions
which may lead to possible issuance of equity shares. Issuance of additional equity shares for these or any other reasons would reduce
our shareholding unless we invest additional capital in these businesses. Our ability to invest additional capital in these businesses
is subject to the Reserve Bank of India’s and various other regulations on capital adequacy and guidelines on financial services
provided by banks that prescribe limits for our aggregate investment in financial sector enterprises. All such investments require prior
approval of the Reserve Bank of India and/or other regulators or government institutions, as applicable.

Any additional capital requirements of our insurance
companies, restrictions on our ability to capitalize them and a requirement that we reduce or increase our shareholding could adversely
impact their growth, our future capital adequacy, our financial performance and the prices of their equity shares and our equity shares
and ADSs. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Insurance
” and “
—Risks
relating to our insurance subsidiaries—While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance
of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability.
”

While our insurance businesses are an important part
of our business, there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability.

Our life insurance and general insurance businesses
are an important part of our business. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Insurance
”.
These businesses have experienced volatility in growth rates in the past and there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth
or profitability.

44

Table of Contents

The Indian life insurance sector has experienced
significant regulatory changes over the years. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Governing Insurance Companies
”.
Future regulatory changes, if any, apart from impacting the business strategy, may also impact the profit margins of life insurance products.
Our life insurance subsidiary’s growth and profitability depend on various factors, including the mix of products in its portfolio,
its relationship with various distribution partners, regulatory changes and market movements. ICICI Bank is a corporate agent of its insurance
subsidiary and accounts for less than 15.0% of the business volumes of its life insurance subsidiary based on annualized premium equivalent
for fiscal 2026. The life insurance subsidiary’s business is well-diversified across its product mix and distribution mix. While
the subsidiary has been making profits since fiscal 2010, there can be no assurance of the continued growth of the subsidiary’s
business and profitability, including the business generated by the Bank.

We conduct our general insurance business through
our general insurance subsidiary, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited’s
growth, profitability and return on equity depends on various factors, including the proportion of certain profitable products in its
portfolio, the maintenance on its relationship with key distribution partners/intermediaries and credit-worthy reinsurers, continuation
of support by the Government of India of certain insurance schemes to the extent applicable, maintenance of continued reputation and goodwill
with customers including well-managed customer concentration risk, regulatory changes and their compliance/implications, climate change
factors, changes to tax positions or judgements/tax orders, minimization of losses attributable to internal and external frauds and market
movements. There can be no assurance of the future rates of growth, solvency and profitability in the insurance business and various global
geopolitical environments and considerations may also influence the same, amongst other pertinent internal and external factors. While
this subsidiary has been making profits since fiscal 2013, there can be no assurance of the future profitability or rates of growth in
the insurance business. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—Additional capital requirements of
our insurance subsidiaries or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding or make further investments in these companies as required
may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.”
 and “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations
Governing Insurance Companies.
”

Further, IRDAI has from time to time proposed
changes to the regulations governing the distribution of insurance products by corporate agents, including banks. Any future regulatory
changes or restrictions may require our insurance subsidiaries to change its distribution strategies, which, amongst other factors, may
result in increased costs and lower business volumes, as well as impacting ICICI Bank’s distribution of its products and the associated
fee income. A slowdown in growth in the Indian economy, the impact from any future catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics, any adverse
impact from regulatory changes in future or customer dissatisfaction with our insurance products including lack of required innovation
in products could adversely impact the future growth of these businesses. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our
presence in a highly regulated sector— The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the
risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal
”. Any slowdown in these businesses could have an adverse impact
on our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

In May 2026, the Ministry of Finance amended the
rules allowing to raise the Foreign Direct Investment (“FDI”) ceiling under automatic route in Indian insurance companies
from 74% to 100%. This regulatory change may increase foreign investment in Indian insurance companies and lead to consolidation and/or
change in ownership in the sector. This may also impact the way Indian insurance company does business in India including business strategy,
managerial skills and practices, technology advancement etc. and thereby may increase competition in future affecting profitability and
growth in the insurance sector. Any such changes could have an adverse impact on our business and the prices of our

45

Table of Contents

equity shares and ADSs. See also “
Business– Overview
of Our Products and Services – Insurance
”.

Actuarial experience and other factors could differ
from assumptions made in the calculation of life actuarial reserves and other actuarial information.

The assumptions our life insurance subsidiary
makes in assessing its life insurance reserves and computing other actuarial information may differ from actual experiences. These assumptions,
including the assessment of the long-term development of interest rates, investment returns, the allocation of investments between equity,
fixed-income and other categories, persistency, mortality and morbidity rates, policyholder lapses, policy discontinuation and future
expense levels, may be incorrect. In addition, there is a risk that the model used to estimate life and health insurance reserves based
on such assumptions may be incorrect.

Our life insurance subsidiary monitors its actual
experience of these assumptions and if any deviation from assumption is expected to continue in the longer term, it refines its long-term
assumptions. Changes in any such assumption may lead to changes in the estimates of life and health insurance reserves and other actuarial
information. Such changes may also impact the valuation of our life insurance subsidiary by existing or potential investors, and the valuation
at which any future monetization of our shareholding in the life insurance subsidiary may take place, if at all.

While our life insurance subsidiary monitors its
experience and assumptions, events such as the COVID-19 pandemic are not anticipated in setting life insurance reserves. Higher claims
due to any such pandemic in the future can have an adverse impact on the earnings and net worth of the subsidiary.

Loss reserves for our general insurance subsidiary’s
business are based on estimates as to future claims liabilities and adverse developments relating to claims could lead to further reserve
additions and materially adversely affect the operation of our general insurance subsidiary.

In accordance with the general insurance industry
practice and accounting and regulatory requirements, our general insurance company establishes reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses
related to its general insurance business. Reserves are based on estimates of future payments that will be made in respect of claims,
including expenses relating to such claims. The estimation of the loss reserves relies on several key actuarial steps and assumptions,
for example, selection of the actuarial methods by line of business, groupings of similar product lines and determination of underlying
actuarial assumptions like expected loss ratios, loss development factors and loss cost trend factors. Such estimates are made on both
a case-by-case basis of claims that have been reported but not settled, based on the facts and circumstances available at the time the
reserves are established, as well as in respect of losses that have been incurred but not reported. These reserves represent the estimated
ultimate cost necessary to bring all pending claims to final settlement.

Reserves are subject to change due to a number
of variables that affect the ultimate cost of claims, such as changes in claims handling procedures, legal environment, social attitudes,
results of litigation, costs of repairs, changing trends in medical costs, minimum wages and other factors including, changing trends
in inflation and exchange rates. Our general insurance company’s reserves for environmental and other latent claims are particularly
subject to such variables. The results of operations of our general insurance company depend significantly upon the extent to which its
actual claims experience is consistent with the assumptions it uses in setting the prices for products and establishing the liabilities
for

46

Table of Contents

obligations for technical provisions and claims. To the extent that
its actual claims experience is less favorable than the underlying assumptions used in establishing such liabilities, it may be required
to increase its reserves, which may materially adversely affect its results of operations.

Established loss reserves estimates are periodically
adjusted in the ordinary course of settlement, using the most current information available to management, and any adjustments resulting
from changes in reserve estimates are reflected in current results of operations. Our general insurance company also conducts reviews
of all lines of business to consider the adequacy of reserve levels, on a regular defined basis. Based on current information available
and on the basis of internal procedures, for example, multiple diagnostics, the management of our general insurance company considers
that these reserves are reasonably adequate. The management also follows a philosophy of keeping margins for adverse deviations over and
above the best estimates of the ultimate liability to protect against any unknown events which are not yet reflected in the past data.
However, because the establishment of reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses is an inherently uncertain process, there can be
no assurance that ultimate losses will not materially exceed the established reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses and have a
material adverse effect on the results of operations of our general insurance company. Such adverse effects may also impact the valuation
of our general insurance company by existing or potential investors, and the valuation at which any future monetization of our shareholding
in the general insurance company may take place, if at all. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—Additional
capital requirements of our insurance subsidiaries or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding or make further investments
in these companies as required may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”.

The financial results of our insurance companies could
be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of a catastrophe and various climate change events.

Portions of our general insurance business may
cover losses from unpredictable events such as hurricanes, windstorms, epidemics, monsoons, earthquakes, fires, industrial explosions,
floods, riots and other man-made or natural disasters, including acts of terrorism, and epidemics or pandemics and/or various climate
change events. The incidence and severity of these catastrophes in any given period are inherently unpredictable. Although reserves are
established after an assessment of potential losses relating to catastrophes covered, there is no assurance that such reserves would be
sufficient to pay for all related claims of catastrophes and/or various climate change events.

In addition, our life insurance subsidiary’s
business may incur losses due to increased mortality and morbidity claims of customers, affected by catastrophes, epidemics or pandemics.
In addition, catastrophes could result in losses in the investment portfolios of our life insurance subsidiary due to, among other reasons,
the failure of its counterparties to perform their obligations or significant volatility or disruption in the financial markets.

Our general insurance company’s operations
are exposed to claims relating to catastrophes, epidemics, pandemics and climate change events.

Although our insurance subsidiaries monitor their
overall exposure to catastrophes, epidemics and other unpredictable events in each geographic region and determine, allowing for calibration/re-calibration
of their underwriting limits related to insurance coverage for losses from such events, the insurance subsidiaries generally seek to reduce
their exposure through the purchase of reinsurance, selective and focused underwriting practices and by monitoring risk accumulation.
Claims relating to catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics or climate change events in future may result in unusually high levels of losses
and may require additional capital to maintain solvency margins and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or
credit rating or the results of our operations.

47

Table of Contents

Risks Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares

ADS holders may be restricted in their ability to
exercise voting rights and your ability to withdraw equity shares from the depositary facility is subject to delays and legal restrictions.

We filed an amendment to Form F-6 and
amended the deposit agreement effective January 2, 2026 (as amended, the “Amended Deposit Agreement”) to allow our ADS
holders to exercise their voting rights through the depositary. Unlike in the past, the depositary will not exercise the voting
rights as instructed by our Board. ADS holders are entitled to give instructions for the exercise of voting rights through the
depository, and the depository will vote based on ADS holders’ voting instructions. In the event that an ADS holder does not
provide voting instructions to the depository, the depository will not vote those shares. The exercise of voting rights in respect
of the ADSs is subject to legal and regulatory restrictions as set out in applicable laws of the Republic of India as amended or
replaced from time to time. The ceiling on voting rights for any individual holder of equity shares is 26.0% of the total voting
rights of a bank. See also “
Major shareholders
”. If the ADS holder wishes, they may withdraw the equity shares
underlying their ADSs and seek to exercise their voting rights under the equity shares obtained from the withdrawal. However, for
foreign investors, this withdrawal process may be subject to delays. For a discussion of the legal restrictions triggered by a
withdrawal of the equity shares from the depositary facility upon surrender of ADSs, see also “
Restriction on Foreign
Ownership of Indian Securities
”.

Your holdings may be diluted by additional issuances
of equity, and any dilution may adversely affect the market prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

In 2020, we raised Rs. 150.00 billion (US$ 2.0
billion) of equity capital through a Qualified Institutions Placement. In March 2025, in accordance with the Delisting Scheme among ICICI
Bank, ICICI Securities Limited and their respective shareholders for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities Limited, the Bank
allotted 56 million equity shares of Rs. 2 each, including 52,000 equity shares towards fractional entitlements, to the public shareholders
of ICICI Securities Limited as of the record date, in accordance with the approved equity swap ratio as provided in the Delisting Scheme.
In the future, we may conduct additional equity offerings to fund the growth of our business. In addition, up to 10.0% of our issued equity
shares from time to time, may be granted in accordance with our Employees Stock Option Scheme and 101 million units can be granted under
the Employees Stock Unit Scheme. We constantly evaluate different financing options and any future issuance of equity shares or ADSs or
exercise of employee stock options that would dilute the positions of investors in equity shares and ADSs and could adversely affect the
market prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

You may be unable to exercise pre-emptive rights available
to other shareholders.

A company incorporated in India must offer its
holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership
percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless these rights have been waived by at least 75.0% of the company’s
shareholders present and voting at a shareholders’ general meeting. United States investors in ADSs may be unable to exercise these
pre-emptive rights for equity shares underlying ADSs unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”) is effective with respect to such rights or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act is available. Any decision to file a registration statement will depend on the costs and potential liabilities associated with any
such registration as well as the perceived benefits of enabling investors in ADSs to exercise their pre-emptive rights and any other factors
we consider appropriate at such time. To the extent that investors in ADSs are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights, their proportional
ownership interests in us would be reduced.

48

Table of Contents

Your ability to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn
from the depositary facility, the conversion of rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency, and the repatriation of such foreign
currency may be subject to delays if specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

ADS holders seeking to sell in India any equity
shares withdrawn upon surrender of ADSs, convert the rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency or repatriate such foreign
currency may need the Reserve Bank of India’s approval for each such transaction. See also “
Restriction on Foreign Ownership
of Indian Securities
”. We cannot guarantee that any such approval will be obtained in a timely manner or at terms favorable
to the investor. Because of possible delays in obtaining the requisite approvals, investors in equity shares may be prevented from realizing
gains during periods of price increases or limiting losses during periods of price declines.

Restrictions on reissuance and deposit of equity shares
in the depositary facility could adversely affect the price of our ADSs.

Under current Indian regulations, an ADS holder
who surrenders ADSs and withdraws equity shares may deposit those equity shares again in the depositary facility in exchange for ADSs.
An investor who has purchased equity shares in the Indian market may also deposit those equity shares in the ADS program. However, the
deposit of equity shares may be subject to securities law restrictions and the restriction that the cumulative aggregate number of equity
shares that can be deposited as of any time cannot exceed the cumulative aggregate number represented by ADSs converted into underlying
equity shares as of such time. Further, the number of equity shares that can be deposited in exchange of ADSs or the number of reissuances
of the ADSs may be restricted subject to any amendment in the overall size of the ADS program. These restrictions increase the risk that
the market price of our ADSs will be below that of the equity shares.

The depositary facility pursuant to which the
ADSs are issued may be amended. Such amendment could include changes in the size of the ADS program. Any such amendment could adversely
affect the market price and liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs or adversely affect the ability to trade the ADSs.

Certain shareholders own a large percentage of our
equity shares, and their actions could adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Any substantial sale of our equity shares by
any large shareholder could adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. See also “
Major
Shareholders
”. The Reserve Bank of India, in exercising the powers conferred by the Banking Regulation Act, has notified a
ceiling on voting rights in a banking company for a single shareholder of 26.0%. Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas held 16.0% of
our equity shares at June 30, 2026. Unlike in the past, the depositary will not exercise the voting rights as instructed by our
Board. The Amended Deposit Agreement allows our ADS holders to exercise their voting rights through the depositary. ADS holders are
entitled to give instructions for the exercise of voting rights through the depository, and the depository will vote based on ADS
holders’ voting instructions. In the event that an ADS holder does not provide voting instructions to the depository, the
depository will not vote those shares. The exercise of voting rights in respect of the ADSs is subject to legal and regulatory
restrictions as set out in applicable laws of the Republic of India as amended or replaced from time to time. The ceiling on voting
rights for any individual holder of equity shares is 26.0% of the total voting rights of a bank. See also “
Major
shareholders
”. If the ADS holder wishes, they may withdraw the equity shares underlying their ADSs and seek to exercise
their voting rights under the equity shares  obtained from the withdrawal. However, for foreign investors, this withdrawal process
may be subject to delays. For a discussion of the legal restrictions triggered by a withdrawal of the equity shares from the

49

Table of Contents

depositary facility upon surrender of ADSs, see also “
Restriction
on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities
”.

Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely
affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

The Indian securities markets are smaller and
more volatile than securities markets in developed economies. In the past, the Indian stock exchanges have experienced high volatility
and other problems that have affected the market price and liquidity of the listed securities, including temporary exchange closures,
broker defaults, settlement delays and strikes by brokers. For example, following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020,
the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex declined during the three months ended March 31, 2020 by 28.6%. Even before the volatility caused by
the COVID-19 pandemic, volatility in the Indian stock markets have created temporary concerns regarding the price or liquidity of our
equity shares and ADSs. In recent years, there have been changes in laws and regulations regulating the taxation of dividend income, which
have impacted the Indian equity capital markets. See also “
Dividends
”. Similar problems or changes in the future could
adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

Settlement of trades of equity shares on Indian stock
exchanges may be subject to delays.

The equity shares represented by ADSs are currently
listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. Settlement on those stock exchanges may be subject to delays
and an investor in equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility upon surrender of ADSs may not be able to settle trades on such
stock exchanges in a timely manner. See also “
—Risks Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares—Conditions in the Indian
securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.
”

Because the equity shares underlying ADSs are quoted
in rupees in India, you may be subject to potential losses arising out of exchange rate risk on the Indian rupee.

Investors who purchase ADSs are required to pay
for ADSs in U.S. dollars and are subject to currency fluctuation risk and convertibility risks since the equity shares underlying ADSs
are quoted in rupees on the Indian stock exchanges on which they are listed. Dividends on the equity shares will also be paid in rupees
and then converted into U.S. dollars for distribution to ADS investors. Investors who seek to convert the rupee proceeds of a sale of
equity shares withdrawn upon surrender of ADSs into foreign currency and repatriate the foreign currency may need to obtain the approval
of the Reserve Bank of India for each such transaction. See also “
—Risks Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares—Your
ability to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion of rupee proceeds from such sale into
a foreign currency, and the repatriation of such foreign currency may be subject to delays if specific approval of the Reserve Bank of
India is required
” and “
Exchange Controls
”.

You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of
capital gains.

In certain circumstances, capital gains arising
on the sale of the underlying equity shares are subject to Indian capital gains tax. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors
and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning ADSs or underlying equity shares. See also “
Taxation—Indian
Tax
”.

There may be different company information available
in Indian securities markets than in securities markets in the United States and the continued listing of our securities in US markets
is subject to various considerations.

50

Table of Contents

There is a difference between India and the United
States in the level of regulation and monitoring of the securities markets and the activities of investors, brokers and other market participants.
The SEBI is responsible for improving disclosure and regulating insider trading and other matters for the Indian securities markets. There
may, however, be different publicly available information about Indian companies than is regularly made available by public companies
in the United States. The regulations applicable to us as a result of the listing of our ADS on the NYSE are subject to possible change
and policy risks. For example, the SEC has recently issued a concept paper seeking comments on possible changes in rules relating to foreign
private issuers, such as us. The continued listing of our securities in US markets is thus subject to various considerations such as applicable
regulations, costs and business and financing strategies.

51

Table of Contents

MAJOR
SHAREHOLDERS

Shareholding Structure and Relationship with the Government of India

The following table sets forth, at June 30, 2026,
certain information regarding the ownership of our equity shares.

Percentage of Total Equity Shares Outstanding   Number of Equity Shares Held
Government-controlled Shareholders:
Life Insurance Corporation of India   4.4   311,817,010
Other government-controlled institutions, insurance companies, reinsurers, corporations and banks   0.6   43,896,452
Total government-controlled shareholders   5.0   355,713,462
Other Indian investors:
SBI Mutual Fund   6.3   450,111,904
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   4.4   315,762,005
HDFC Mutual Fund   3.6   256,619,648
National Pension Scheme Trust   3.4   242,305,251
Nippon Life India Mutual Fund   2.5   182,635,211
UTI Mutual Fund   2.2   158,795,689
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited   1.4   102,408,001
Kotak Mutual Fund   1.2   86,519,523
Axis Mutual Fund   1.1   75,937,247
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund   1.0   74,293,638
Other mutual funds and alternative investment funds   8.2   591,643,098
Private sector insurance companies other than SBI Life Insurance Company   2.2   154,537,762
Other private sector corporations and financial institutions   0.8   58,709,352
Investor education protection fund   0.2   11,072,239
Individual domestic investors (1),(2)   6.2   446,063,926
Total other Indian investors   44.7   3,207,414,494
Total Indian investors   49.7   3,563,127,956
Foreign investors:
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as depositary for American Depositary Shares (ADS) holders   16.0   1,149,973,715
Government of Singapore   1.5   107,693,000
Government Pension Fund Global   1.4   102,293,052
Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund   1.1   77,861,347
Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund   1.0   73,733,631
Other foreign institutional investors, foreign banks, overseas corporate bodies, foreign companies, foreign nationals, foreign institutional investors and non-resident Indians (2)   29.3   2,098,933,043
Total foreign investors   50.3   3,610,487,788
Total   100.0   7,173,615,744

(1)   Executive officers and directors (including non-executive directors) as a group held about 0.04% of ICICI Bank’s equity shares
at June 30, 2026.

(2)   No single shareholder in this group owned 1.0% or more of ICICI Bank’s equity shares at June 30, 2026.

52

Table of Contents

The holding of government-controlled shareholders
was 5.0% on June 30, 2026 against 5.7% at June 30, 2025, and 6.4% at June 30, 2024. The holding of Life Insurance Corporation of India
was 4.4% on June 30, 2026 against 5.2% at June 30, 2025 and 5.8% at June 30, 2024.

We operate as an autonomous commercial enterprise,
and the Government of India has never directly held any of our shares. We are not aware of or a party to any shareholders’ agreement
or voting trust relating to the ownership of the shares held by the government-controlled shareholders. We do not have any agreement with
our government-controlled shareholders regarding management control, voting rights, anti-dilution or any other matter. Our Articles of
Association include a provision for the Government of India to appoint, pursuant to the provisions of guarantee agreements between the
Government of India and ICICI, a representative to our Board. At present, there is no representative of the Government of India on our
Board. On June 30, 2026, we do not have government guaranteed borrowings outstanding. See also
“Management—Directors and
Executive Officers
” for a discussion of the composition of our Board.

The holding of other Indian investors was
44.7% at June 30, 2026 against 37.1% at June 30, 2025 and 36.9% at June 30, 2024. The total holding of Indian investors was 49.7% at
June 30, 2026 against 42.8% at June 30, 2025 and 43.4% at June 30, 2024. The holding of foreign investors was 50.3% at June 30, 2026
against 57.2% at June 30, 2025 and 56.6% at June 30, 2024. The Reserve Bank of India, exercising its powers under the Banking
Regulation Act has established a limit of 26.0% on the voting rights of a single shareholder in a banking company. Deutsche Bank
Trust Company Americas holds the equity shares represented by about 575 million American Depositary Receipts outstanding as
depositary on behalf of the holders of the ADS. The ADSs are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The depositary held 16.0% of our
equity shares on June 30, 2026. Unlike in the past, the depositary will not exercise the voting rights as instructed by our Board.
The Amended Deposit Agreement allows our ADS holders to exercise their voting rights through the depositary. ADS holders are
entitled to give instructions for the exercise of voting rights through the depository, and the depository will vote based on ADS
holders’ voting instructions. In the event that an ADS holder does not provide voting instructions to the depository, the
depository will not vote those shares. The exercise of voting rights in respect of the ADSs is subject to legal and regulatory
restrictions as set out in applicable laws of the Republic of India as amended or replaced from time to time. The ceiling on voting
rights for any individual holder of equity shares is 26.0% of the total voting rights of a bank. If the ADS holder wishes, they may
withdraw the equity shares underlying their ADSs and seek to exercise their voting rights under the equity shares  obtained from the
withdrawal. However, for foreign investors, this withdrawal process may be subject to delays. For a discussion of the legal
restrictions triggered by a withdrawal of the equity shares from the depositary facility upon surrender of ADSs, see also
“
Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities
”. See also
“Supervision and
Regulation—Ownership and Voting Restrictions
”.

53

Table of Contents

Related
Party Transactions

In fiscal 2026, we entered into transactions with
related parties consisting of (i) associates/other related entities and (ii) key management personnel and their close family members.

Related Parties

Associates/Other Related Entities

For fiscal 2026, the following parties were identified
as our associates/other related entities: Arteria Technologies Private Limited, India Infradebt Limited, ICICI Foundation for Inclusive
Growth, Cheryl Advisory Private Limited, GENEZEN
1
, FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services
Private Limited)
2
, NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited
2
, India Advantage Fund-III
3
,
India Advantage Fund-IV
3
, Chamunda Diamonds, Procedium Strategy LLP and FactoryOS Private Limited.

1.   From Q1-2026, GENEZEN is considered a related party of the Bank.

2.   During Q1-2026, FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) and NIIT Institute of
Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited ceased to be related parties of the Bank.

3.   During Q2-2026, India Advantage Fund-III & India Advantage Fund-IV ceased to be related parties of the Bank.

          Key
Management Personnel and their Close Family Members

Our key management personnel include our executive
directors. The following individuals were our key management personnel in fiscal 2026: Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Mr. Sandeep Batra, Mr. Rakesh
Jha and Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta. The close family members of the above key management personnel are also our related parties. Close family
members in relation to the executive directors mean their spouses, children, children’s spouses, grand-children, grand-children’s
spouses, siblings, sibling’s spouses, parents, maternal grandparents, paternal grandparents and members of a Hindu undivided family.
We have applied the Indian GAAP standard and Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 in determining the close family members of the executive
directors.

Related Party Transactions

The following are the material transactions between
us and our associates/other related entities or our key management personnel or their close family members.

For additional details, see also “
Management—Compensation
and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Loans
” and Note 2 - “
Related Party Transactions
” of Schedule
18 to the consolidated financial statements included herein.

Insurance services

During fiscal 2026, we received insurance premiums
from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 22 million, from our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 1 million and
from the close family members of our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 6 million. The premiums received covered life insurance,
group term insurance and investment linked insurance plans. The material transactions during fiscal 2026 included Rs. 18 million premium
received from ICICI

54

Table of Contents

Foundation for Inclusive Growth, Rs. 3 million premium received from
India Infradebt Limited and Rs. 5 million premium received from Ms. Aparna Gupta, a close family member of Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta.

During fiscal 2026, we paid claims including maturity,
annuity and policy surrender value to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 25 million and to our key management personnel
amounting to Rs. 1 million. The material transactions during fiscal 2026 included Rs. 25 million paid to ICICI Foundation for Inclusive
Growth and Rs. 1 million paid to Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi.

Income from services rendered

During fiscal 2026, we earned income amounting
to Rs. 54 million for services rendered to our associates/other related entities, Rs. 2 million from our key management personnel and
Rs. 0.1 million from the close family members of our key management personnel. The income primarily relates to marketing and promotion
fees, sponsorship and banking service fees, arranger fees and bank charges. The material transactions during fiscal 2026 included Rs.
35 million of income from services rendered to FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)
and Rs. 14 million of income from services rendered to India Infradebt Limited.

Income from shared services

During fiscal 2026, we recovered cost towards
sharing of premises, corporate infrastructure facilities and technology services from ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth amounting
to Rs. 14 million.

Expenses for services received

During fiscal 2026, we paid brokerage fees and
other expenses to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 346 million. These expenses primarily pertain to merchant management
fees, subsidy and commission expenses. The material transactions during fiscal 2026 included Rs. 178 million in expenses for services
paid to FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) and Rs. 168 million in expenses
for services paid to Arteria Technologies Private Limited.

Investments in securities issued by related parties

During fiscal 2026, we invested Rs. 18.7 billion
in securities issued by India Infradebt Limited.

Redemption/buyback of investments

During fiscal 2026, we received Rs. 2.8 billion
from our associates/other related entities on account of redemption of bonds and venture fund units. The material transactions during
fiscal 2026 included Rs. 2.7 billion from India Infradebt Limited, Rs. 81 million from India Advantage Fund- IV and Rs. 62 million from
India Advantage Fund- III.

Interest expenses

During fiscal 2026, we paid interest on deposits
accepted to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 49 million, to our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 28 million
and to the close family members of our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 13 million. The material transactions during fiscal 2026
included Rs. 45 million of interest paid to Arteria Technologies Private Limited, Rs. 25 million of interest paid to Mr. Rakesh Jha, Rs.
3 million of interest paid to NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited, Rs. 0.4 million of interest paid to ICICI
Foundation

55

Table of Contents

for Inclusive Growth, and Rs. 0.1 million of interest paid to FISERV
Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited).

Interest earned

During fiscal 2026, we received Rs. 426 million
in interest on investments in bonds and loans from our associates/other related entities and Rs. 2 million from our key management personnel.
The material transactions during fiscal 2026 included Rs. 417 million of interest received from India Infradebt Limited.

Purchase of fixed assets

During fiscal 2026, we purchased fixed assets
from Arteria Technologies Private Limited amounting to Rs. 1 million.

Sale of loan

During fiscal 2026, we sold loans to India Infradebt
Limited amounting to Rs. 3.6 billion.

Dividend income

During fiscal 2026, we received dividend income
from India Infradebt Limited amounting to Rs. 107 million.

CSR expenses

During fiscal 2026, we paid corporate social responsibility
related expenses to ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth amounting to Rs. 11.4 billion.

Dividend paid

During fiscal 2026, we paid Rs. seven thousand
in dividends to our associates/other related entities, Rs. 16 million in dividends to our key management personnel and Rs. 7 million in
dividends to the close family members of our key management personnel. Dividends paid included Rs. 3 million to Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Rs.
6 million to Mr. Sandeep Batra, Rs. 1 million to Mr. Rakesh Jha, Rs. 6 million to Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta and Rs. 3 million to Mr. Shivam
Bakhshi, a close family member of Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi.

Reimbursement of expenses paid

During fiscal 2026, we reimbursed official expenses
of Rs. 2 million to our key management personnel. The material transactions during fiscal 2026 included Rs. 0.5 million to Mr. Rakesh
Jha, Rs. 0.8 million to Mr. Sandeep Batra and Rs. 0.4 million to Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta.

Value of ESOPs exercised

During fiscal 2026, our key management personnel
exercised ESOPs amounting to Rs. 769 million. The value of ESOPs exercised during fiscal 2026 by Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi was Rs. 284 million,
by Mr. Sandeep Batra was Rs. 240 million, by Mr. Rakesh Jha was Rs. 215 million, and by Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta was Rs. 30 million.

56

Table of Contents

Volume of fixed deposits accepted

During fiscal 2026, the volume of fixed deposits
accepted from our associates/other related entities amounted to Rs. 1.1 billion, the volume of fixed deposits accepted from our key management
personnel amounted to Rs. 563 million and the volume of fixed deposits accepted from the close family members of our key management personnel
amounted to Rs. 90 million. The material transactions during fiscal 2026 were Rs. 1.1 billion of fixed deposits accepted from Arteria
Technologies Private Limited and Rs. 461 million of fixed deposits accepted from Mr. Rakesh Jha.

Forex/swaps/derivatives and forwards transactions
entered (notional value)

During fiscal 2026, we entered into forex/swaps/derivatives
and forwards transactions with Arteria Technologies Private Limited amounting to Rs. 73 million.

Guarantees/letters of credit given

During fiscal 2026, we gave guarantees to ICICI
Foundation for Inclusive Growth amounting to Rs. 2.0 billion.

Capital infusion

During fiscal 2026, ICICI group infused capital
in Arteria Technologies Private Limited amounting to Rs. 18 million.

Related Party Balances

 The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
our balance payable to/receivable from our associates/other related entities:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2026
(in million)
Deposits accepted from related parties held by us   Rs.   3,350
Payables to related parties   3,833
Our investments in related parties   13,479
Investments of related parties in ICICI Group (1)   0.0
Loans and advances to related parties (2)   102
Receivables from related parties   198
Guarantees issued by us for related parties   2,013

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the balance payable to/receivable from the key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2026
(in million)
Deposits accepted from key management personnel   Rs.   880
Payables to key management personnel   0.2
Investments in our shares held by key management personnel   5
Loans and advances to key management personnel (3)   40
Receivables from key management personnel   -

57

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the balance payable to/receivable from the close family members of key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2026
(in million)
Deposits accepted from close family members of key management personnel   Rs.   213
Payables to close family members of key management personnel   1
Investments in our shares held by close family members of key management personnel   6
Loans and advances to close family members of key management personnel (2)   3
Receivables from close family members of key management personnel   -

The following table sets forth, for the period
indicated, the maximum balance payable to/receivable from the key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2026
(in million)
Deposits accepted from key management personnel   Rs.   880
Payables to key management personnel   0.2
Investments in our shares held by key management personnel   5
Loans and advances to key management personnel   100
Receivables from key management personnel   0.1

The following table sets forth, for the period
indicated, the maximum balance payable to/receivable from the close family members of key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2026
(in million)
Deposits accepted from close family members of key management personnel   Rs.   243
Payables to close family members of key management personnel   1
Investments in our shares held by close family members of key management personnel   6
Loans and advances to close family members of key management personnel   4
Receivables from close family members of key management personnel   -

(1)   Insignificant amount.

(2)   The loans and advances (a) were
made in the ordinary course of business, (b) were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those
prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons, and (c) did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability
or present other unfavorable features.

(3)   The loans and advances (a) were
made in the ordinary course of business and were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those
prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons or (b) were made on the same terms, including interest rates and
collateral, as those prevailing at the time for other employees as part of employee loan scheme, and (c) did not involve more than the
normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features.

58

Table of Contents

Business

Overview

We are a diversified financial services group
offering a wide range of banking and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery channels. Apart
from banking products and services, we offer life and general insurance, asset management, securities brokerage, and private equity products
and services through our specialized subsidiaries. Our consolidated total assets at year-end fiscal 2026 were Rs. 29,145.0 billion. Our
consolidated capital and reserves and surplus including employees’ stock options outstanding at year-end fiscal 2026, were Rs. 3,630.6
billion and our consolidated net profit (after minority interest) for fiscal 2026 was Rs. 542.1 billion.

Our primary business consists of commercial banking
operations for retail and corporate customers. Our commercial banking operations for retail customers consist of retail lending, deposit
taking, and other fee-based products and services. We provide a range of commercial banking products and services, including loan products,
fee and commission-based products and services, deposit products and foreign exchange and derivatives products to large corporations,
middle market companies and small and medium enterprises. We also offer agricultural and rural banking products. We earn interest and
fee income from our commercial banking operations. We deliver our products and services through a variety of channels, including bank
branches, ATMs, call centers, internet and mobile phones. We had a network of 7,511 branches and 12,087 ATMs and cash recycler machines
in India at year-end fiscal 2026.

At year-end fiscal 2026, we had banking subsidiaries
in the United Kingdom and Canada, branches in the United States (New York), Dubai International Finance Centre, Bahrain, Hong Kong, Singapore,
China, Offshore Banking Unit in Mumbai and IFSC Banking Unit in Gandhinagar. In May 2026, the Bank received the no-objection letter from
the Reserve Bank of India to close the Offshore Banking Unit located in the Santacruz Electronic Exports Promotion Zone, Mumbai. At year-end
fiscal 2026, we had representative offices in the United Arab Emirates (Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah), the United States (Texas, California,
Illinois and New Jersey), Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Indonesia. Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom has a branch in Germany.
See also “
Risk factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The exposures of our international branches and banking subsidiaries
could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
”.

Our treasury operations include the maintenance
and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign exchange and derivatives
products and services for corporate customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps.

We are also engaged in insurance, asset management,
securities brokerage business and private equity fund management through specialized subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited,
provide a wide range of life insurance, general insurance and asset management products respectively.

Our subsidiary ICICI Securities Limited is engaged
in equities underwriting, securities brokerage and distribution of financial products. Our subsidiary ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Limited is engaged in underwriting and primary dealership of government securities. Our private equity fund management subsidiary, ICICI
Venture Funds Management Company Limited transferred the private equity, venture capital and real estate fund management business to ICICI
Prudential Asset Management Company Limited. ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited would continue to undertake certain

59

Table of Contents

advisory activities as well as manage certain residual funds. Our subsidiary,
ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited is a registered pension fund manager under the National Pension System.

Our legal name is ICICI Bank Limited, but we are
known commercially as ICICI Bank. We were incorporated on January 5, 1994 under the laws of India as a limited liability corporation.
The duration of ICICI Bank is unlimited. Our principal corporate office is located at ICICI Bank Towers, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai
400 051, India, our telephone number is +91 22 4008 6173 and our website address is
www.icici.bank.in
. None of the contents of
our and our subsidiaries’ websites are incorporated in this annual report. Our agent for service of process in the United States
is Mr. Atul Jain, Country Head, ICICI Bank Limited, New York Branch, 575 Fifth Avenue, 26
th
 floor, Suite 2600, New York, New
York 10017.

History

ICICI was formed in 1955 at the initiative of
the World Bank, the Government of India and Indian industry representatives. The principal objective was to create a development financial
institution for providing medium-term and long-term project financing to Indian businesses. Until the late 1980s, ICICI primarily focused
its activities on project finance, providing long-term funds to a variety of industrial projects. With the liberalization of the financial
sector in India in the 1990s, ICICI transformed its business from a development financial institution offering only project finance to
a diversified financial services provider that, along with its subsidiaries and other group companies, offered a wide variety of products
and services. ICICI Bank was incorporated in 1994 as a part of ICICI group. ICICI and ICICI Bank merged in 2002.

Strategy

In fiscal 2026, we maintained our strategic focus
on profitable growth in business within the guardrails of risk and compliance. We grew our credit portfolio with a focus on granularity
and saw healthy growth across our retail and business banking and wholesale portfolios. We continued to focus on holistically serving
our clients and their ecosystems. We sought to maintain and enhance our liability franchise. We focused on maintaining a resilient balance
sheet with sufficient liquidity, prudent provisioning and healthy capital adequacy. Our capital adequacy ratios on March 31, 2026 were
significantly above regulatory requirements.

Going forward, we will continue with our strategic
focus on growing the profit before tax excluding treasury (calculated as Profit before tax
less
 Income from treasury-related activities,
both reported separately in Operating Results Data). Our Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) and Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”)
sets out our risk appetite, including a limit framework for various risk categories. The Bank continues to emphasize strengthening its
operational resilience to facilitate the seamless delivery of services to customers. We maintain our focus on growing our loan portfolio
in a granular manner based on risk and reward, with focus on return of capital and containment of provisions within targeted levels. We
have no specific targets for loan mix or segment-wise loan growth. We aim to continue to grow our deposit franchise, maintain a stable
and healthy funding profile and our competitive advantage in cost of funds.

The Bank’s strategic approach is based on
three pillars of principles, coverage and delivery framework as described below:

Principles

Building trust with all stakeholders is critical
to the Bank’s strategic objectives. Integrity, transparency and fairness continue to be core in serving customers.

60

Table of Contents

Return of Capital

The Bank is focused on the principle of ‘Return
of Capital’ emphasizing the need to prioritize conservation of capital. The approach of onboarding quality counterparties has provided
an impetus to maintain resilient growth in business while protecting capital.

Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank

The principle of ‘Fair to Customer, Fair
to Bank’ emphasizes the need to deliver fair value to customers while creating value for shareholders, which would guide the Bank’s
operations. The Bank seeks to sell products and offer services which meet societal needs and are in the interest of its customers.

One Bank, One Team

The principle of 'One Bank, One Team' underscores
the Bank's endeavor to harness business opportunities across ecosystems and micro markets and maximize the Bank’s share in the target
opportunity.

Agile Risk Management

The Bank recognizes that the landscape is constantly
evolving and with it, the nature of emerging risks. We believe that risk management must be dynamic, data-driven and forward-looking.
We seek to adopt an agile risk management approach that allows us to identify, assess and mitigate risks proactively.

Compliance with Conscience

The Bank conducts business within the boundaries
of law and regulations. The Bank is committed to fostering a risk and compliance culture to ensure a balance of risk and rewards for delivering
long-term sustainable outcomes.

The Risk and Compliance Culture Policy establishes
the risk and compliance culture guiding principles and the framework for implementation of the same. The effective implementation of the
policy includes a governance framework with roles and responsibilities of the Board, Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and
Executive Directors and the Risk and Compliance Culture Council.

Coverage

The Bank has adopted a customer-centric approach,
with the prime objective of serving all their banking needs in a holistic manner. The Bank continues to focus on deepening its presence
and harnessing business opportunities across ecosystems and micro markets in a unified manner by leveraging business centers, digital
channels and partnerships to drive growth.

360-degree Customer Centric Approach

Customer-centricity is core to our strategy in
growing our business and delivering customer satisfaction. The approach begins with developing a deep understanding of our customers’
needs, expectations and experiences. The approach is to take the entire Bank to the customer and offer solutions that are holistic in
nature and build trust that translates into a long-term relationship with our customers. The Bank aims to become the trusted financial
service provider of choice for our customers.

Focus on Ecosystems

The Bank's objective is to serve all financial
needs of customers and their ecosystems by capturing the entire value chain. In line with the objective of creating customer-oriented
ecosystems, the Bank has

61

Table of Contents

sector-specific solutions. On international operations, the Bank has
repositioned its international franchise to focus on four strategic pillars—namely, the non-resident Indian ecosystem; the multinational
corporation and global capability centers ecosystem; the institutional ecosystem and the trade ecosystem.

Focus on Micromarkets

Micromarket insights allow the Bank to focus on
aligned distribution and relevant delivery models. The Bank continues to deepen its presence and strengthen the organizational structure
with ‘State Business Heads’ to capture the 360-degree opportunity in these geographies and ‘City Business Heads’
covering the full spectrum of the ecosystem in cities with large concentrated market opportunities.

Internal Cross-functional Collaboration and External Partnerships

Leveraging synergies within the organization and
building partnerships across the value chain is a key focus area. Cross-functional teams have been created to tap into various ecosystems,
enabling 360-degree coverage of customers and increasing wallet share. Partnerships with technology companies and platforms with large
customer bases and operational excellence offer unique opportunities for growth and enhancing service delivery and customer experience.

Delivery Framework

The Bank continues to enhance delivery capabilities
to provide high quality customer experiences. The Bank has emphasized continuously strengthening its operational resilience to facilitate
the seamless delivery of services to customers.

Focus on Quality

Offering quality banking services with simplicity
and reliability is the key priority of the Bank. The Bank emphasizes known and assessable profiles, while maintaining stringency in counterparty
selection. Thereby, the Bank continues its approach of quality onboarding by selecting the right counterparties, including partners and
service providers.

Process Decongestion

Process decongestion in the delivery framework
is an ongoing effort with the objective of eliminating complexity, streamlining operations and building efficiencies to make customer
onboarding and service delivery frictionless, thereby improving the customer experience.

Bank to Bank
Tech

Technology is integral to the Bank’s business
strategy. As a part of its Bank to Bank
Tech
 transformation journey, the Bank has revamped its enterprise architecture to strengthen
data and digital platforms, developed cloud-based applications and adopted other emerging technologies. The Bank’s efforts continue
to be guided by the three pillars of scalability, resilience and security across technology solutions and to enhance cybersecurity measures.
The Bank has adopted AI driven use cases across various functions to enhance operational efficiency, enable decision-making and decongest
banking experience for customers. The Bank has invested in tools and created a framework to enable employees with generative AI tools
for enhanced efficiency, accuracy and experience. While the Bank is working on realizing the value of AI, the use cases are selected in
a measured manner to mitigate the associated risks. The Bank continues to invest in this area to drive business solutions and harness
opportunities.

62

Table of Contents

The Bank continues to emphasize serving customers
with simplicity, transparency and offering suitable banking solution for long-term sustainability in achieving its vision “to become
the trusted financial service provider of choice for our customers, thereby creating sustainable value for our stakeholders.

Overview of Our Products and Services

Commercial Banking for Retail Customers

Our commercial banking operations for retail customers
consist of retail lending and deposits, and fee-based products and services like credit, debit and prepaid cards and depositary share
accounts.

Retail Lending Activities

Our retail lending activities include home loans,
automobile loans, commercial business loans, personal loans, credit cards, consumer durable goods financing, loans against time deposits
and loans against securities.

Our suite of products and services for retail
customers includes savings, investment, credit and protection products, along with payment and transaction banking services. Our retail
portfolio consists largely of secured lending, with growth based on proprietary data and analytics in addition to credit bureau checks.
Our deposit franchise enables us to offer competitive pricing. We also leverage our existing customer database for sale of key retail
asset products through cross-sell and up-sell. Our underwriting process involves a combination of key variables to assess the cash flow
and repayment ability of the customer like income, leverage, customer profile, quality markers, credit bureau data and demographics. We
utilize multiple data points including liability and asset relationships, transaction behavior and bureau behavior along with proprietary
machine learning and statistical models for making credit decisions.

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
the breakdown of ICICI Group’s gross retail finance portfolio.

At March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026
(Rs. in billions)   (% share)   (US$ in millions)
Home loans   Rs.   4,676.2   Rs.   5,430.7   63.7   %   US$   59,398
Automobile loans   623.2   633.0   7.4   6,923
Commercial business loans (1)   338.3   377.2   4.4   4,125
Others (2)   189.3   216.1   2.6   2,363
Total secured retail finance portfolio   5,827.0   6,657.0   78.1   72,809
Personal loans   1,216.7   1,298.2   15.2   14,199
Credit card receivables   587.9   548.7   6.4   6,001
Others (2)   14.9   23.2   0.3   255
Total unsecured retail finance portfolio...   1,819.5   1,870.1   21.9   20,455
Total retail finance portfolio   Rs.   7,646.5   Rs.   8,527.1   100.0   %   US$   93,264

(1)   Includes commercial vehicles, construction equipment and health
care equipment.

(2)   Includes two-wheeler loans, loan against securities.

63

Table of Contents

Home Loan

Our home loan portfolio includes loans for purchase
and construction of homes and by mortgaging residential or commercial properties. We also offer instant top-up on loans to existing home
loan customers. Our policies for home loans are based on certain stipulated ratios such as the loan-to-value ratio and leverage to borrower’s
income. The repayment term of home loans is 15 to 20 years with payments in the form of equal monthly installments over the tenor of the
loan. The credit process includes a cashflow assessment of the borrower as well as evaluating the property being mortgaged against the
legal and technical standards defined at the Bank.

We follow a comprehensive credit appraisal process
when offering a loan-against-property. The average loan-to-value ratios of the loan-against-property portfolio are lower compared to our
home loan portfolio. Lending is based on cash flows of borrowers and not just the value of the collateral.

Our home loans primarily have floating interest
rates linked to the repo rate of the Reserve Bank of India. An increase in the repo rate will increase the interest rate on home loans
and a decrease in the repo rate will decrease the interest rate on home loans. When interest rates on home loans increase, the tenor
of the loan is extended and in instances where this is not possible, the monthly installments of the loan are increased. Borrowers are
given options to increase their installments instead of tenor. When interest rates on home loans decrease, the tenor of the loan is reduced
leaving the monthly installments unchanged, unless borrowers opt to reduce the installment amount.
See also “—Technology
”
and “
Risk factors—Risks relating to our business
—
Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable
to interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed-income portfolio,
our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance
”.

We offer home loan products primarily in India
through ICICI Bank and our wholly-owned subsidiary, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited. The loan portfolio of our housing finance subsidiary
includes home loans, loans-against-property and loans to developers among others. We also provide loans to customers belonging to economically
weaker sections and customers buying homes in the low-cost affordable housing segment. The loan portfolio of ICICI Home Finance Company
Limited increased by 14.0% from Rs. 275.9 billion at March 31, 2025 to Rs. 314.6 billion at March 31, 2026. ICICI Home Finance Company
Limited raises funds through term loans from banks, bonds and debentures, commercial papers, fixed deposits and refinance from National
Housing Bank. During the year ended March 31, 2026, the Bank infused capital of Rs. 5.0 billion. At March 31, 2026, ICICI Home Finance
Company Limited had a branch network of 246 branches and offices.

Our banking subsidiary in Canada offers residential
mortgages in the local market. ICICI Bank Canada held total residential mortgages amounting to CAD 2,438 million (Rs. 166.2 billion) at
year-end fiscal 2026 as compared to CAD 2,739 million (Rs. 163.4 billion) at year-end fiscal 2025. This includes mortgages of CAD 1,504
million (Rs. 102.5 billion) at year-end fiscal 2026 as compared to CAD 1,686 million (Rs. 100.6 billion) at year-end fiscal 2025 securitized
under the Canadian National Housing Act —Mortgage Backed Securities program or through participation in the Canada Mortgage Bonds
program. Further, the total residential mortgages also include conventional mortgages of CAD 875 million (Rs. 59.6 billion) at year-end
fiscal 2026 as compared to CAD 1,011 million (Rs. 60.3 billion) at year-end fiscal 2025 and insured mortgages of CAD 60 million (Rs. 4.1
billion) at year-end fiscal 2026 as compared to CAD 41 million (Rs. 2.5 billion) at year-end fiscal 2025.

64

Table of Contents

Automobile loans

We finance the purchase of new and used automobiles.
Automobile loans are fixed rate products repayable in equated monthly installments. The interest rate is based on factors such as bureau
score, customer relationship, car segment and tenure of loan, among others, for new automobiles and asset age car segment coupled with
product variant like top-up or refinance, for used automobiles.

Commercial business loans

We finance the purchase of commercial vehicles
and equipment. Commercial business loans are fixed- rate products repayable in equated monthly installments. Our commercial business customers
include individuals to large fleet operators, contractors as well as hirers.

Personal loans and credit cards

We also offer unsecured products such as personal
loans and credit cards to our customers. Personal loans and credit card receivables have fixed interest rates. We also offer a range of
instant personal loans and credit cards that are accessible through our digital channels.

Retail Deposits

Our retail deposit products include time deposits
and savings account deposits. We offer these products and 360-degree solutions across life stages—minor, student, professionals,
senior citizen—and to specific customer segments such as high net-worth individuals, defense personnel, trusts, start-ups and business
owners. We offer our customers seamless account opening and activation through enhanced system-driven validations. We also offer corporate
salary account and current account (i.e., checking accounts for businesses) to our large, medium and small enterprise customers. In June
2026, the Reserve Bank of India announced a USD - Rupee forex swap facility for fresh Foreign Currency Non-Resident (Bank) (FCNR (B))
deposits till September 30, 2026, including deposits that are renewed upon maturity, mobilized for a minimum tenor of 3 years and a maximum
tenor of 5 years.

Fee-Based Products and Services

Through our distribution network, we offer various
products including Government of India savings bonds, sovereign gold bonds, insurance policies, mutual funds, bullion and public offerings
of equity shares and debt securities by Indian companies. We offer several card-based products such as credit cards, debit cards, prepaid
cards, travel cards and commercial cards. We also offer foreign exchange products to retail customers including sale of currency notes
and travel cards. We also facilitate retail inward remittances from outside of India.

As a depositary participant of the National Securities
Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited, we offer depositary services by opening “demat” accounts
to settle securities transactions in a dematerialized mode. Further, we are one of the banks designated by the Reserve Bank of India for
issuing approvals to non-resident Indians and overseas corporate bodies to trade in shares and convertible debentures on the Indian stock
exchanges and operating their banking and custody accounts.

Retail lending for rural customers

The Bank’s rural banking operations aim
to meet the financial requirements of customers in rural and semi-urban locations. Our products in this segment include working capital
loans for growing crops, financing of post-harvest activities, loans against gold jewellery, financing against warehouse receipts and
farm equipment loans. We offer financial solutions to micro-finance institutions, self-help groups, co-operatives constituted by farmers,
corporations and medium enterprises engaged in agriculture-linked

65

Table of Contents

businesses. The Bank’s rural banking portfolio grew by 25.2%
from Rs. 814.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 compared to Rs. 1,019.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
the breakdown of the Bank’s gross rural finance portfolio.

At March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026
(in billion)   % share   (US$ in million)
Farmer finance (1)   Rs.   327.6   Rs.   355.0   34.8   %   US$   3,783
Loans against jewellery (2)   315.2   483.4   47.4   5,152
Others (3)   171.6   181.5   17.8   1,934
Rural advances   Rs.   814.4   Rs.   1,019.9   100   %   US$   10,870

(1)   Includes kisan credit card.

(2)   Includes jewel loans to customers from rural and urban areas.

(3)   Includes term loans for farm equipment, self-help groups, loans to microfinance institutions for on-lending to individuals and inventory
funding etc.

Our rural banking operations primarily focus on
four main ecosystems identified in the rural market, which include farmers, dealers, self-employed individuals and micro-entrepreneurs.

The farmer ecosystem includes participants such
as farmers, seed producers, agri-input dealers, warehouse operators, agri-equipment dealers, commodity traders and agri processors. Products
offered include working capital loans through the kisan credit card and gold loan products, and term loans for farm equipment, dairy livestock
purchase and farm development. See also
“Selected Statistical Information—Loan Concentration—Directed Lending”.

The dealer ecosystem comprises distributors and
suppliers of farm equipment and agri-related inputs. The self-employed ecosystem includes rural entrepreneurs engaged in trade and manufacturing
across both agri and non-agri sectors. The micro-entrepreneur ecosystem focuses on women from low-income backgrounds, non-government organizations
and other institutions working at the grassroots level in the rural economy.

We have scaled-up funding of electronic negotiable
warehousing receipts, which provides an opportunity for farmers to access credit quickly and with ease. Farmers can use electronic negotiable
warehousing receipts to get loans against underlying commodities. This protects the farmers from volatility and gives opportunities to
avail better prices for their produce. Apart from meeting the financial requirements for business purposes, we also offer products to
meet the personal requirements of customers in the rural ecosystem.

Our reach in rural areas comprises a network of
branches, ATMs and field staff, and business correspondents providing last-mile access in remote areas. As at year-end fiscal 2026, we
had a network of 7,511 branches, of which 48.5% were in rural and semi-urban areas. See also,
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Entry into new businesses
or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business”
.

66

Table of Contents

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks that
arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are subject to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve
Bank of India, which may also involve buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall in meeting
these requirements may be required to be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability.
We may also experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality
of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.”

Commercial Banking for Business Banking

Our business banking customers include proprietorship
firms, partnership firms and public/private limited companies. We offer a wide spectrum of banking products and solutions to address their
evolving business needs. This involves customized offerings, faster turnaround time, transaction convenience, timely access to capital
and cross-border trade and foreign exchange. Our focus in this segment is on using digital channels and ensuring granularity, obtaining
adequate collateral and enhanced monitoring. The loans are generally secured by collateral in the form of property apart from a charge
on current assets. Our business banking portfolio consists of clients with a turnover of up to Rs 7.5 billion. We focus on providing parameterized
and programme-based lending for business banking clients, which is granular, adequately collateralized and regularly monitored. The net
business banking portfolio of the Bank grew by 24.2% from Rs. 2,633.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 compared to Rs. 3,271.5 billion
at year-end fiscal 2026.

We are focused on growing this portfolio by leveraging
our distribution network and through various digital channels and platforms, tapping corporate ecosystems and ongoing efforts towards
process decongestion. DigiEase is a digital onboarding platform for business banking customers to provide a seamless onboarding experience.
The platform leverages integration with various public data infrastructures for procuring and processing data digitally.

Commercial Banking for Corporate Customers

Our product suite for corporate customers caters
to all their needs including working capital and term loan products, transaction banking services, fee and commission-based products and
services, deposits and foreign exchange and derivatives products across trade, treasury, bonds, commercial papers, channel financing,
supply chain solutions, and various other activities. We cater to the entire ecosystem of the corporate customer, also focusing on deepening
the Bank’s relationship with employees and sponsors through a suite of retail products like salary, private and wealth banking,
home loans, personal loans, vehicle loans, etc. Our corporate customer base includes top business houses, large private companies and
public sector companies, financial institutions, banks, non-bank finance companies, private equity funds, real estate companies and capital
market and custody participants. We have established relationships with multinational companies operating in India, and financial sponsors,
including private equity funds and their investee companies. We offer transaction banking services to corporates to meet their day-to-day
needs for smooth functioning of their businesses. The transaction banking services offered include account related services, payment and
collection services, domestic and crossborder trade finance, working capital finance and supply chain finance. We offer integrated cash
management and trade finance solutions to our customers. Our transaction banking solutions are delivered to our customers through physical
and digital channels and a team of account managers. We also provide transaction banking services to our customers through expanded branch
capabilities at various locations, many of which are in the factory/township premises of certain large conglomerates in the country.

67

Table of Contents

Corporate Loan Portfolio

Our corporate loan portfolio consists of term
loan products and working capital financing in the form of cash credit facilities, overdraft, demand loans and non-fund-based facilities
including bill discounting, letters of credit and guarantees. The Bank’s net domestic corporate portfolio grew by 6.3% from Rs.
2,709.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 compared to Rs. 2,880.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. For further details on our loan portfolio,
see “
Selected Statistical Information—Loan Concentration
”. For a description of our credit rating and approval
system, see “
—Risk Management—Credit Risk
”.

We also provide financing by way of investment
in marketable instruments such as fixed rate and floating rate debentures. We generally have a security interest on the fixed assets of
the borrower although some of our financing is extended on an unsecured basis.

Fee and Commission-Based Activities

We generate fee income through our lending, transaction
banking, syndication and foreign exchange related solutions provided to our corporate customers. We also offer our corporate customers
a wide variety of fee and commission-based products and services including documentary credits, standby letters of credit (called guarantees
in India), collection and payment of export/import bills and cash management services, including collection, payment and remittance services.

Further, we are one of the banks designated by
the Reserve Bank of India for issuing approvals to non-resident Indians and overseas corporate bodies to trade in shares and convertible
debentures on the Indian stock exchanges and operating their banking and custody accounts. We also offer services such as escrow, trust
and retention account facilities, online payment facilities, custodial services and tax filing and collection services on behalf of the
Government of India and the governments of Indian states.

At year-end fiscal 2026, total assets held in
custody on behalf of our clients (mainly foreign institutional investors, offshore funds, overseas corporate bodies and depositary banks
for Global Depositary Receipts (“GDR”) investors were Rs. 35,599.6 billion. As a registered depositary participant of National
Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited, the two securities depositaries operating in India, we
also provide electronic depositary facilities to investors.

Corporate Deposits

We offer a variety of deposit products to our
corporate customers including current accounts, time deposits and certificates of deposits. For more information on the type, cost and
maturity profile of our deposits, see
“Selected Statistical Information—Funding”
.

Foreign Exchange, Fixed Income, Bullion and Derivatives

We provide customer-specific products and services,
which cater to the fund-raising, foreign exchange conversion and risk hedging needs of a varied set of customers at domestic and international
locations, arising out of their foreign exchange and interest rate exposures.

The products and services include:

Foreign Exchange Products

Products include cash, tom and spot transactions
for foreign exchange conversion in more than 26 currencies. We offer customized foreign exchange solutions through online and offline
dealing channels to clients, on the basis of their business needs. These products are offered in India and across our international locations.

68

Table of Contents

Fixed Income Products

Products include Commercial Papers (“CPs”)
and Non-Convertible Debentures (“NCDs”) for market-based fund-raising requirements of clients. We offer end-to-end service
from origination to distribution, matching issuer and investor needs through suitable structuring of issuances.

Bullion Products

Products include Gold Metal Loan (“GML”)
and Consignment of Gold and Silver for the gold/silver procurement requirements of clients. We offer market-leading service through a
digital journey from order placement to order fulfilment.

Derivatives

Products include forwards, options and swaps across
permitted asset classes to meet the risk hedging needs of clients. We offer customized derivative solutions to match the specific risk
profile of clients and their risk exposures.

Commercial Banking for Government and Institutions

We provide a range of banking services including
customized products and services for enhancing e-governance and financial management to government departments and bodies across various
levels such as central, state, district and local bodies which include municipalities and gram panchayats. We are nominated agents by
the relevant government for collection of central taxes, state taxes, goods and services tax payments and custom duty through authorized
branches and digital channels. Our integrated banking platforms provide simple online tax payment options to customers. Statutory payments
can also be made online through our platforms.

We also provide financial services to other institutions,
including educational institutions, hospitals and cooperative societies, among others and offer a range of technology-driven collections
and payment solutions.

Commercial Banking for International Customers

The overseas offices of the Bank complement the
India business centers by providing coverage and service to Non-Resident Indians (“NRI”) and India-linked businesses. These
overseas offices focus on four key pillars: non-resident Indians, multinational corporations and global capability centers operating in
India, institutional investment flows into India, and India-linked crossborder trade. Further, our overseas banking subsidiaries continue
to serve local markets selectively with a focus on risk mitigation and granularity of business.

Many of the products that we offer through our
overseas branches and subsidiaries, as well as to international customers from our domestic network, such as debt financing, trade finance
and letters of credit, are similar to the products offered to our customers in India. The Reserve Bank of India, vide its ‘frequently
asked questions’ notification dated June 23, 2026, has permitted Indian banks, including their overseas branches, to extend loans
to a non-resident or issue a ‘stand-by letter of credit’ in favor of overseas lenders against FCNR(B) deposits mobilized on
swap facility. The banks are also permitted to extend loans to the FCNR (B) account holders and mark lien on such deposits.

Total assets (net of inter-office balances) of
ICICI Bank’s overseas branches at year-end fiscal 2026 were Rs. 1,098.6 billion and total advances were Rs. 422.9 billion compared
to total assets of Rs. 896.3 billion and total advances were Rs. 307.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. The year-on-year increase in the

69

Table of Contents

overseas branches loan portfolio was primarily due to market opportunities
for lending to well rated Indian corporates and their subsidiaries and joint ventures. Our overseas branches are funded by bond issuances,
bilateral loans from banks, loans from export credit agencies, money market borrowings, deposits and refinance from banks. The overseas
loan portfolio of ICICI Bank was 2.7% of the overall loan portfolio at year-end fiscal 2026. The corporate fund and non-fund outstanding,
net of cash/bank/insurance backed lending, was US$ 3.9 billion at March 31, 2026. Out of US$ 3.9 billion, 94.2% of the outstanding was
to Indian corporates and their subsidiaries and joint ventures and 4.9% of the outstanding was to non-India companies with Indian or India-linked
operations and activities and this portfolio is generally well-rated and the Indian operations of these companies are our target customers
for deposit and transaction banking franchise. The Bank will continue to pursue risk calibrated opportunities in this segment. The overseas
corporate portfolio, excluding Indian corporates and their subsidiaries and joint ventures, reduced by 16.1% from about US$ 265 million
year-on-year to US$ 223 million at March 31, 2026. See also, “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our funding
is primarily short-term, and if depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely affected
”.

Our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Canada
are full-service banks offering retail, business banking, corporate banking and treasury services. These subsidiaries provide services
to their customers through branch banking and digital channels, including internet and mobile banking. Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom
is primarily focused on India-linked business in the United Kingdom and Europe, and towards meeting the banking needs of the Indian community.
The core services include meeting local banking requirements, remittance services to India, and facilitating banking requirements in India.
Our subsidiary in Canada originates residential mortgages, primarily insured and qualifying for insurance by either the Canadian federal
government agency or insurance companies backstopped by the Canadian federal government and offers loans to both Canadian and U.S. corporations
as well as Indian corporations seeking to develop their business overseas.

At year-end fiscal 2026, ICICI Bank UK PLC (“ICICI
Bank UK”) had 10 branches in the United Kingdom and a branch in Germany. At year-end fiscal 2026, the total assets of ICICI Bank
UK were US$ 2.9 billion. ICICI Bank UK made a net profit of US$ 25 million during fiscal 2026, compared to US$ 27 million during fiscal
2025. At year-end fiscal 2026, loans and advances of ICICI Bank UK were US$ 1.5 billion and investments were US$ 0.9 billion.

At year-end fiscal 2026, ICICI Bank Canada had
14 branches and total assets of CAD 4.9 billion. ICICI Bank Canada earned a net profit of CAD 24 million in fiscal 2026 as compared to
a net profit of CAD 72 million in fiscal 2025. At year-end fiscal 2026, net advances (net loans) of ICICI Bank Canada were CAD 4.2 billion
and investments were CAD 0.5 billion.

See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Financial instability in other countries, particularly countries where we have established
operations, could adversely affect our business” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The exposures
of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.”

Branch and ATM Network and Call Centers

We deliver our products and services through a
variety of channels, ranging from traditional bank branches to ATMs, cash recycler machines and call centers. In addition, our digital
channels and platforms have become increasingly important to our customers. See
“—Technology”
. At year-end fiscal 2026,
we had a network of 7,511 branches across several Indian states. The branch network serves as an integrated

70

Table of Contents

channel for deposit mobilization and selected retail asset origination.
Our focus is to digitize a maximum number of processes and other touch points for customer experience in order to enhance customer engagement
time for solutions. Digital services kiosks are deployed in branches with higher number of customer visits. This allows customers to use
banking services like cheque deposit, get quick account credit, update passbook, transfer funds instantly and various other “do-it-yourself”
digital services, which help reduce customer wait time.

The following table sets forth the breakdown of
the number of branches by area for the periods indicated.

At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2026
Branch by area (1)   Number of branches and extension counters   % of total   Number of branches and extension counters   % of total
Metropolitan   2,079   29.8   %   2,356   31.4   %
Urban   1,422   20.3   %   1,507   20.1   %
Semi-urban   1,905   27.3   %   1,956   26.0   %
Rural   1,577   22.6   %   1,692   22.5   %
Total branches and extension counters   6,983   100.0   %   7,511   100.0   %

(1)   Classification of branches as per population census 2011.

At March 31, 2026, we had 12,087 ATMs and cash
recycler machines across India. Our ATMs have additional value added services such as instant fund transfer, cardless cash withdrawal.

Our phone banking is operational around the clock
across multiple locations. Phone banking is equipped with interactive voice response systems, email bot solution, voice biometric authentications,
automatic call distribution, telephony integration and voice recorders. We seek to use phone banking technology to provide an integrated
view of customer information to the agents to get a complete overview of the customer’s relationship with us. We have implemented
a customer relationship management solution to capture customer service requests /grievance for all key banking products. This has been
deployed across all channels in the Bank and helps in tracking and timely resolution of various customer requests or issues. The solution
has been deployed in phone banking as well as at a large number of branches.

Investment Banking

Our investment banking operations principally
consist of ICICI Bank’s treasury operations and the operations of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited and of ICICI Securities
Limited.

71

Table of Contents

Treasury

	Through our treasury operations, we seek to
manage our balance sheet, including the maintenance of required regulatory reserves, and to optimize profits from our trading portfolio
by taking advantage of market opportunities. Our domestic trading and securities portfolio includes our regulatory reserve portfolio,
as there is no restriction on active management of our regulatory reserve portfolio. Our treasury operations include a range of products
and services for corporate and small enterprise customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps, and foreign
exchange products and services. See also “—
Commercial Banking for Corporate Customers—Foreign Exchange, Fixed Income,
Bullion and Derivatives
”.

Our treasury undertakes liquidity management by
seeking to maintain an optimum level of liquidity, complying with the cash reserve ratio requirement and seeking to maintain the smooth
functioning of all our branches. We maintain a balance between interest-earning liquid assets and cash to optimize earnings and undertake
reserve management by maintaining statutory reserves, including the cash reserve ratio and the statutory liquidity ratio. At year-end
fiscal 2026, ICICI Bank was required to maintain the statutory liquidity ratio requirement percentage at 18.0% of its domestic net demand
and time liabilities by way of approved securities such as Government of India securities and state government securities. We maintain
the statutory liquidity ratio through a portfolio of government of India securities that we actively manage to optimize the yield and
benefit from price movements. Further, as a prudent liquidity management strategy, we generally maintain excess investments in securities
eligible for classification under the statutory liquidity ratio requirement. We maintain the LCR and NSFR, as required under Basel III,
both on a standalone basis and at ICICI group level. The minimum requirement for each ratio is 100.0%. The LCR requirement is met by investment
in high quality liquid assets, which are primarily in the form of government securities and better-rated corporate bonds. Our average
LCR for the three months ended March 31, 2026 was 125.6% on a standalone basis and was 123.6% on a consolidated basis. Both of these ratios
were higher than the regulatory requirement. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Legal Reserve Requirements
”.

In order to enhance liquidity resilience of the Bank, the Reserve Bank of India had issued revised guidelines on Basel III framework on
liquidity standards — Liquidity Coverage Ratio — Review of haircuts on High Quality Liquid Assets and run-off rates on certain
categories of deposits on April 21, 2025. Technology has facilitated ability to make instantaneous bank transfers and withdrawals, leading
to an increase in liquidity risks, requiring proactive management. Based on the revised guidelines, retail deposits with internet and
mobile banking facilities are assigned additional run-off factors 2.50% and level 1 high quality liquid assets denominated in government
securities will attract haircuts in line with the circular for liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility.

Further, funding
from non-financial entities such as trusts (educational/religious/charitable), Association of Persons (“AoPs”), partnerships,
proprietorships, limited liability partnerships and other incorporated entities etc., shall be categorized as funding from ‘non-financial
corporates’ and attract a run-off rate of 40% (as against 100% currently prescribed), unless the above entities are treated as Small
Business Customers (“SBCs”) under the liquidity coverage ratio framework. These revised guidelines has come into force effective
April 1, 2026.

ICICI Bank engages in investments and foreign
exchange operations from Mumbai and overseas branches. As a part of our treasury activities, we also maintain proprietary trading portfolios
in domestic debt and equity securities and in foreign currency assets. Our treasury manages our foreign currency exposures and the foreign
exchange and risk hedging derivative products offered to our customers and engages in market making and proprietary trading in currency
and interest rate markets. Our investment and market risk policies are approved by the Board.

In general, we pursue a strategy of active management
of our equity portfolio to maximize our return on investment. To reinforce compliance with the SEBI’s insider trading regulations,
all dealings in our equity and debt investments in listed companies are undertaken by our treasury’s equity and corporate bonds
dealing desks, which are segregated from both the other groups and desks in the treasury and from our other business groups, and which
do not have access to unpublished price sensitive information about these companies that may be available to us as a lender.

We deal in several major foreign currencies and
take deposits from non-resident Indians in major foreign currencies. We also manage onshore accounts in foreign currencies. The foreign
exchange treasury manages our portfolio through money market and foreign exchange instruments to optimize yield and liquidity.

We provide a variety of risk management solutions
to our clients, including foreign currency forward contracts, currency and interest rate swaps and options. We monitor and control the
market risk and credit

72

Table of Contents

risk on our foreign exchange portfolio through counterparty limits,
position limits, stop-loss limits and limits on the loss of the entire foreign exchange trading operations and exception reporting. See
also “
—Risk Management—Market Risk—Exchange Rate Risk
”.

Securities Brokerage and Investment Banking

ICICI Securities Limited is a financial services
company operating across capital market segments including retail and institutional equity, financial product distribution, private wealth
management and investment banking. ICICI Securities Limited has an online securities platform—ICICI Direct. ICICI Securities Limited
assists its customers like retail investors, corporates, financial institutions and high net worth individuals in meeting their financial
goals by providing them with research, advisory and execution services. ICICI Securities Limited has a subsidiary in the United States,
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., which in turn has a subsidiary in the United States, ICICI Securities Inc., which is registered as a broker-dealer
with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority in the United States. ICICI
Securities Inc. also has a branch office in Singapore that is registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, where it holds a capital
markets services license for dealing in capital market products in Singapore. The consolidated profit after tax of ICICI Securities Limited
was Rs. 17.1 billion in fiscal 2026 as compared to Rs. 17.5 billion in fiscal 2025.

At March 31, 2023, the Bank held 74.7% of the
equity shares of its brokerage subsidiary, ICICI Securities Limited, with the remaining 25.3% of the equity shares held by public shareholders.
In June 2023, the Board and ICICI Securities Limited board of directors approved the Scheme for the delisting of equity shares of ICICI
Securities Limited under Regulation 37 of SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021, subject to receipt of requisite approvals
(the “Delisting Scheme”). Following the receipt of required approvals, with effect from March 24, 2025, ICICI Securities Limited
has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank and has been delisted from the stock exchanges. On March 26, 2025, the Bank allotted
its equity shares to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities as of the record date, in accordance with a swap ratio of 67 to 100,
as provided in the Delisting Scheme. In March 2025, in accordance with the Delisting Scheme, the Bank allotted 56 million equity shares
of Rs. 2 each, including 52 thousand equity shares towards fractional entitlements, to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities Limited
as of the record date, in accordance with the approved equity swap ratio.

Primary Dealership

Our subsidiary ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Limited is engaged in the primary dealership of Indian government securities. It also deals in other fixed income securities and interest
rate derivatives. In addition to this, it also undertakes money market operations, underwriting and placement of debt. ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited earned a net profit of Rs. 4.5 billion in fiscal 2026 compared to a net profit of Rs. 5.4 billion in fiscal
2025. The revenues of the business are directly linked to conditions in the fixed income market.

I-Process Services

I-Process Services (India) Limited (formerly known
as I-Process Services (India) Private Limited) (“iProcess”) has a service provider agreement only with the Bank to provide
manpower-based support services across sales, marketing, data entry, operations and collection functions. At March 31, 2023, the Bank
held 19.0% of the shareholding in iProcess. During fiscal 2024, the Bank purchased the remaining equity shares of iProcess and, consequently,
iProcess became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank

73

Table of Contents

effective March 22, 2024. iProcess earned a net profit of Rs. 0.1 billion
during fiscal 2026 compared to a net profit of Rs. 0.3 billion during fiscal 2025.

Private Equity

Our subsidiary ICICI Venture Funds Management
Company Limited is a diversified specialist alternative asset manager with a presence across private equity, venture capital, real estate,
infrastructure and special situations. ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited earned a net profit of Rs.1.5 billion in fiscal
2026 compared to a net profit of Rs. 0.2 billion in fiscal 2025.

On May 08, 2025, ICICI Venture
Funds Management Company Limited’s board of directors and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited’s board of directors,
in their respective meetings, approved, in principle, a proposal to transfer the private equity, venture capital and real estate fund
management business of ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited to ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited. Following
the receipt of requisite approvals, the transaction has been completed and the requisite agreements in this
regard have been executed by ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited with ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited. Accordingly,
effective April 1, 2026, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited is providing investment management services to the transferred
funds. The transaction enabled the offering of an integrated full range of investment asset classes, including private equity, by ICICI
Prudential Asset Management Company Limited. ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited continues to undertake certain advisory activities
as well as manage certain residual funds.

Asset Management

We provide asset management services through our
subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited is a joint venture with
PCHL. We had 53.0% interest in the entity and PCHL owned 34.6% at March 31, 2026. ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited also provides portfolio management services and advisory services to clients. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company
Limited earned a net profit of Rs. 33.0 billion during fiscal 2026 compared to a net profit of Rs. 26.5 billion during fiscal 2025.

In February 2025, the Bank’s joint venture
partner, PCHL, made an announcement regarding a potential listing and partial divestment of its stake in ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited, subject to market conditions, requisite approvals and other considerations. In June 2025, the Board approved the purchase
of up to 2.0% additional shareholding in the ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited. Following the receipt of requisite approvals,
the Bank purchased 2% additional shareholding from PCHL. This purchase was primarily for the purposes of maintaining the Bank’s majority
shareholding in ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited were it to grant stock-based compensation. Effective December 19, 2025,
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited is listed on Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange.

Pension Fund Manager

ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited
(“ICICI PFM”) is a registered pension fund manager under the National Pension System. National Pension System is a
voluntary defined contribution pension system administered and regulated by the Pension Funds Regulatory and Development Authority
(“PFRDA”). PFRDA has also provided approval to ICICI PFM to act as a ‘point of presence’ under National
Pension System for distribution and servicing through physical as well as online channels. ICICI

74

Table of Contents

PFM had a net loss of Rs. 0.09 billion in fiscal 2026 compared to a
net loss of Rs. 0.04 billion in fiscal 2025.

The Board at its meeting held on July 19, 2025
approved the acquisition of 100% shareholding in ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited from ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited to make ICICI PFM a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, subject to the Reserve Bank of India, PFRDA and other
necessary approvals. The ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited board of directors have, at their meeting on July 19, 2025, approved
the sale of 100% of equity shareholding held in ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited to the Bank, subject to approval
of the regulatory and statutory authorities, as per applicable regulations. Following the receipt of requisite approvals, the Bank executed,
on January 12, 2026, a share purchase agreement with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI PFM and the Bank acquired
100% shareholding in ICICI PFM. Accordingly, ICICI PFM is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank.

Insurance

We provide a wide range of insurance products
and services through our subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.
Both ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited are listed on relevant Indian
stock exchanges.

At March 31, 2026, our share ownership in ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited was 50.9% while PCHL held 21.9%. The Board, at its meeting held in February 2026, approved purchase of up to 2.0% additional shareholding
in its subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. The Bank has received approval from the Reserve Bank of India. This purchase will
primarily be towards maintaining the Bank’s majority shareholding in the event of exercise of stock-based compensation of ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

PCHL entered into definitive agreements on May
17, 2026, pursuant to which PCHL has agreed to acquire a 75% stake in Bharti Life Insurance Company Limited, subject to receipt of applicable
regulatory approvals and satisfaction of certain conditions. Consequently, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited has applied to the IRDAI for the reclassification of PCHL from “promoter” to “investor”, along with a proposal to change the name of the company from ‘ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited’ to ‘ICICI Life Insurance Limited’.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
had assets under management of Rs. 3.14 trillion at March 31, 2026. As per data published by Life Insurance Council, its sum assured market
share on

75

Table of Contents

overall and private market basis is 11.4% and 14.1% respectively
in fiscal 2026. The total premium grew by 8.5% year-on-year from Rs. 489.5 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 531.2 billion in fiscal
2026. Within product segments, contribution from retail protection business on annualized premium equivalent basis, increased from
5.7% in fiscal 2025 to 7.4% in fiscal 2026 in part aided by Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) reforms effective September
22, 2025. The value of new business, which is a key profitability metric, measures the present value of future profits from the
new business written during the period, grew by 10.9% year-on-year from Rs. 23.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 26.3 billion in
fiscal 2026. With an annualized premium equivalent of Rs. 106.4 billion, the value of new business margin (the ratio of value of new
business to annualized premium equivalent) for the same period was 24.7%.
The growth in value
of new business was led by improvement in new business profile and economic assumption changes and was partly offset by operating
assumption changes primarily due to unavailability of input tax credit.
 The new
business profile comprises the impact of differences in mix of product segments or distribution channel or customer profile and
product repricing, amongst others. The profit after tax of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited grew by 34.6%
year-on-year from Rs. 11.9 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 16.0 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily driven by higher investment income
from Shareholders’ funds, which includes a gain of Rs. 1.1 billion realized from sale of 100% equity shareholding in ICICI
PFM. Excluding the sale transaction, PAT grew by 25.0% year-on-year for fiscal 2026.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks relating
to our insurance subsidiaries—Additional capital requirements of our insurance subsidiaries or our inability to monetize a part
of our shareholding or make further improvements in these companies as required may adversely impact our business and the prices of
our equity shares and ADSs
” and “
Risk Factors—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—While our insurance
businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability”
and “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Segment Revenues and Assets—Life Insurance
”.

During fiscal 2026, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited was ranked as the second largest general insurance company in the country with a market share of 8.5% based on gross direct
premium as per the data published by IRDAI. Our share ownership in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company was 51.6% at March 31, 2025.
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited earned a net profit of Rs. 27.7 billion in fiscal 2026 as compared to a net profit of
Rs. 25.1 billion in fiscal 2025.

In May 2023, the Board approved acquisition of
up to 4.0% of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's shareholding, to make it a subsidiary of the Bank, subject to receipt
of necessary regulatory approvals. The Bank received regulatory approval and has issued letters of comfort in favor of IRDAI, on behalf
of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, wherein it has given an undertaking to infuse capital, if required by ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited in proportion to its shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, to meet the minimum
regulatory solvency requirement. During fiscal 2024, through a series of stock exchanges, the Bank acquired additional stake in ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in multiple tranches, resulting in an increase in shareholding to more than 50.0%. Consequently,
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company ceased to be an affiliate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective February 29, 2024.

IRDAI issued regulations on registration of corporate
agents for the sale of insurance products. As per the regulations, a corporate agent can partner/tie-up with up to nine insurance companies
each in life, non-life and health insurance sectors for the distribution of insurance products. We have entered into an agreement with
our insurance subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI

76

Table of Contents

Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and operate as a corporate
agent for these companies and distribute general insurance and selective life insurance products through our branches, phone banking and
digital channels and earn commissions from these subsidiaries.

Risk Management

As a financial intermediary, we are exposed to
risks that are particular to our lending, transaction banking and trading businesses and the environment within which we operate. Our
goal in risk management is to ensure that we understand, measure, monitor and manage the various risks that arise and that the organization
adheres to the policies and processes which are established to address these risks.

The risk management
framework forms the basis for developing consistent risk principles across the Bank and its overseas banking subsidiaries. The Board
approves the Enterprise Risk
Management and Risk Appetite Framework and thresholds/limits structure under which various business lines
operate. The key principles underlying our risk management framework are as follows:

·   The Board  has oversight of all the risks assumed by us.

·   Specific sub-committees of the Board have been constituted to facilitate focused oversight of various risks. For a discussion of these and
other committees, see “Management” .

·   Credit Committee: The responsibilities of the Credit Committee include review of accounts under watch, non-performing assets, incremental
sanctions, developments in key industrial sectors, major credit portfolios and approval of credit proposals as per the authorization approved
by the Board.

·   Audit Committee: The Audit Committee, among other things, provides direction to the audit function and monitors the quality of internal
and statutory audit. The responsibilities of the Audit Committee include examining the financial statements and auditors’ report
and overseeing the financial reporting process to ensure fairness, sufficiency and credibility of financial statements.

·   Information Technology (“IT”) Strategy Committee: The responsibilities of the IT Strategy Committee are to approve strategy
for IT and policy documents, review performance with reference to IT & IS Key Risk Indicators (“KRIs”) and conduct periodic
review of KRIs to ensure coverage of IT & IS risks, ensure that the IT strategy is aligned with business strategy, ensure proper balance
of IT investments for sustaining the Bank’s growth, oversee the aggregate funding of IT at Bank-level, ascertain if the management
has resources to ensure the proper management of IT risks, review contribution of IT to business, oversee the activities of Digital Council,
review technology from a future readiness perspective, overseeing key projects progress and critical IT systems performance including
review of IT capacity requirements and adequacy and effectiveness of Business Continuity Management and Disaster Recovery, review of special
IT initiatives, review cyber risk, consider the Reserve Bank of India inspection report/directives received from time to time by the Bank
in the areas of IT and cybersecurity and to review the compliance of various actionables arising out of such reports/directives as may
be deemed necessary from time to time and review deployment of skilled resources within the Technology and Information Security function
so as to ensure effective and efficient deliveries.

77

Table of Contents

·   Risk
                                            Committee: The responsibilities of the Risk Committee are to review the
                                            Bank's risk management policies pertaining to credit, market, liquidity, operational,
                                            outsourcing, model risk management, framework for early warning signal and red flagging of
                                            accounts, reputation risks, business continuity plan, disaster recovery plan and
                                            approve the Broker Empanelment Policy and any amendments thereto. The Risk Committee
                                            is also responsible for setting limits on any industry or country; reviewing the Enterprise Risk
Management, Risk Appetite Framework, stress testing framework, Internal Capital Adequacy
                                            Assessment Process and framework for capital allocation; and reviewing of the status
                                            of compliance with the Basel framework, risk dashboard covering various risks,
                                            outsourcing activities and the activities of the Asset Liability Management Committee
                                            and the proceedings of the Group Risk Management Committee. The Risk Committee also carries
                                            out the cybersecurity risk assessment.

·   Policies approved from time to time by the Board / Board-level Committees form the governing framework for each type of risk. The
business activities are undertaken within this policy framework.

·   Independent groups and sub-groups have been constituted across our organization to facilitate independent evaluation, monitoring and
reporting of various risks. These groups function independent of the business groups/sub-groups.

We are primarily exposed to credit risk, market
risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, technology risk, compliance risk, cybersecurity risk and reputation risk. We have centralized
groups, the Risk Management Group, the Information Security Group, the Compliance Group, the Legal Group and the Internal Audit Group
with a mandate to identify, assess and monitor all of our principal risks in accordance with well-defined policies and procedures. In
addition, the Operations Group and Treasury Monitoring and Reporting Group monitor operational adherence to regulations, policies, terms
of limit approved and other internal approvals.

The Risk
Management Group is further organized into the Credit Risk Management Group, Market Risk Management Group (including the Treasury
Monitoring and Reporting Group), Operational Risk Management Group, Model Risk & Validation Group, Fraud Risk Management Group
and Special Investigation Unit Group. The Risk Management Group is headed by the Group Chief Risk Officer, who reports to the Risk
Committee. The Credit Monitoring Group is responsible for monitoring the credit profile of the borrowers based on the transactional
data/ documents. The Information Security Group is tasked with overseeing risk related to information security across the Bank. The
Heads of the Compliance Group and the Internal Audit Group report to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The Risk Management Group, Compliance
Group and Internal Audit Group have administrative reporting to the Executive Director. The Operations Group and Information
Security Group report to the Executive Director. These groups are independent of the business units.

Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss that may occur
from the failure of any party to abide by the terms and conditions of any contract, principally the failure to make required payments
of amounts due to us. In its lending operations, the Bank is principally exposed to credit risk.

Credit risk management is governed by the Credit
and Recovery Policy (“Credit Policy”) approved by the Board. The Credit Policy outlines the type of products that can be
offered, customer categories and sets forth the credit approval process, credit administration, credit limits and other relevant matters.

78

Table of Contents

The Bank measures, monitors and manages credit
risk at an individual borrower level and at the portfolio level for retail borrowers. The Bank has a structured and standardized credit
approval process, which includes a well-established procedure of credit appraisal.

The Bank has established a risk appetite and limit
structure, with respect to credit risk, and specifically concentration risk, which includes the following measures:

·   limits for group and borrower exposures based on rating and track record;

·   rating-based limits with respect to incremental asset origination in the corporate portfolio;

·   portfolio limit for buyout and securitization;

·   separate credit monitoring group for enhanced focus on monitoring of borrowers and to facilitate proactive action wherever required;
and

·   enhanced monitoring of retail product portfolios through periodic reviews and vintage curve analysis.

The Credit
Committee of the Board reviews the portfolio and large exposure groups. The Bank has a dedicated group, namely the Financial Crime
Prevention Group, for overseeing and handling the fraud prevention, detection, investigation, monitoring and awareness creation
activities.

Credit Approval Authorities

The Board
of Directors/Credit Committee has delegated credit approval authority to various committees, forums and individual officers under the credit
approval authorization policy. The credit approval authorization policy is based on the level of risk and the quantum of exposure
and is designed to ensure that transactions with higher exposure and higher levels of risk are sent to a correspondingly higher
forum/committee for approval.

The Bank has established several levels of credit
approval authorities for its corporate banking activities - the Credit Committee, the Committee of Executive Directors, the Committee
of Senior Management, the Committee of Executives, and the Credit Lending Forum. For certain exposures under programs, approval under
a joint authorization framework has been established.

Retail credit facilities must comply with approved
product policies. All products policies are approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The individual credit proposals are evaluated
and approved by individual officers/forums on the basis of the product policies.

Credit Risk Assessment Methodology for Standalone Entities

All credit proposals other than retail products,
program lending, score card-based lending to business banking borrowers and agricultural businesses and certain other specified products
are rated internally by the Credit Risk Management Group, prior to approval by the appropriate forum.

The Credit Risk Management Group rates proposals,
carries out industry analysis (through a centralized industry team), tracks the quality of the credit portfolio with regular rating reviews
and reports periodically to the Credit Committee and the Risk Committee. The Bank also has a credit monitoring group, which monitors individual
accounts jointly with the business and Risk Management Group on a regular basis including stock statements, bank statements and stock
audit reports. For non-retail exposures, the Loan Service Operations Group verifies adherence to the terms of the approval prior to the
commitment and disbursement of credit facilities. The Bank also manages credit risk through various

79

Table of Contents

limit structures, which are in line with the Reserve Bank of India’s
prudential guidelines. The Bank has set up various exposure limits, including the single borrower exposure limit, the group borrower exposure
limit, the industry exposure limit, the unsecured exposure limit, and limits on exposure to sensitive sectors such as capital markets,
non-banking finance companies and real estate. Based on rating and tracking of the borrower and group, limits on incremental exposures
have also been put in place. Limits on countries and bank counterparties have also been stipulated.

The Bank has an established credit analysis procedure
leading to appropriate identification of credit risk both at the individual borrower and the portfolio level. Appropriate appraisal and
credit rating methodologies have been established for various types of products and businesses. The methodology involves assessment of
quantitative and qualitative parameters. For example, for any large corporate borrower, the rating methodology entails a comprehensive
evaluation of the industry, borrower’s business position in the industry (benchmarking), financial position and projections, quality
of management, impact of projects being undertaken by the borrower and structure of the transaction.

After conducting an analysis of a specific borrower’s
risk, the Credit Risk Management Group assigns a credit rating to the borrower. We have a scale of 12 ratings ranging from AAA to B. A
borrower’s credit rating is a vital input for the credit approval process. The borrower’s credit rating and the default pattern
corresponding to that credit rating, form an important input in the risk-based pricing framework of the Bank. Every proposal for a financing
facility is prepared by the relevant business unit and reviewed by the Credit Risk Management Group before being submitted for approval
to the appropriate approval authority other than retail products, program lending, score card-based lending to business banking borrowers
and agri-businesses and certain other specified products. The approval process for non-fund facilities is similar to that for fund-based
facilities.

On our current rating scale, ratings of below
BBB- (i.e., BB and B ratings) are considered to be relatively high-risk categories. Our current credit policy does not expressly provide
a minimum rating required for a borrower to be considered for a loan. All corporate loan proposals for fresh/incremental exposure with
an internal rating of BB and B are sent to our Credit Committee for its approval. For corporates internally rated BBB-, fresh/incremental
exposure up to a certain level is approved by the Committee of Senior Management. See also “
Consolidated financial Statements—Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional Notes—Note 7—Credit quality indicators of loans
”.

The
appraisal process involves an in-depth study of the industry, financial, commercial, technical and managerial aspects of the
borrower. An assessment of the financial requirements of the client is made in order to arrive at the amount of credit to be
considered by the Bank. Each credit proposal is thereafter prepared in an appropriate appraisal format and placed before the
approving authority as prescribed by the Board/Credit Committee from time to time.

The following sections detail the risk assessment
process for various business segments:

Assessment of Project Finance Exposures

The Bank carries out an evaluation of technical
and financial viability of the project and the sponsor’s financial strength. This analysis helps the Bank identify, allocate and
mitigate risks in project financing.

Assessment of Corporate Finance Exposures (Term loans/fixed maturity
loans)

As part of the corporate loan approval procedures,
the Bank carries out a detailed analysis of funding requirements, including normal capital expenses, long-term working capital requirements,
and acquisition

80

Table of Contents

finance. The Bank’s funding of long-term requirements is assessed
on the basis of detailed review of the underlying transaction and an analysis of cash flows.

Our analysis enables us to identify risks in these
transactions. To mitigate risks, we use various credit enhancement techniques, such as collateralization, cash collateralization, creation
of escrow accounts and debt service reserves. Rating review of these exposures is done based on asset quality review framework of the
Bank. The Credit Monitoring Group jointly monitors these exposures along with the business and Risk Management Group.

Corporate finance loans can be secured by fixed
assets (which normally consists of property, plant and equipment), pledge of financial assets (such as marketable securities or at times
non-marketable securities) and we may obtain contractual credit enhancements such as corporate guarantees or personal guarantees from
the sponsors wherever appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to sponsors’ shareholding
in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding.

Unsecured
corporate finance loans can be extended based on creditworthiness of the applicant and nature of products offered typically to
applicants, who have unsecured loans from other lenders. Unsecured incremental sanctions for corporates are extended largely to high
rated borrowers and well-established corporate groups only. The Bank has Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) and Risk Appetite
Framework (RAF), which stipulates a limit on unsecured non-retail exposures to overall non-retail exposures; and the same is being
monitored and reviewed on a quarterly basis.

With respect to financing of cross-border corporate
mergers and acquisitions, we carry out detailed due diligence on the acquirer as well as the target’s business profile.

We emphasize environmental and social risk assessment
for new project financing proposals subject to internally defined criteria. These proposals are reviewed under a social and environmental
management framework that integrates analysis of the environmental and social risk assessment into the overall credit appraisal process.
We are also in the process of incorporating environmental, social and governance and climate risk aspects as part of the credit evaluation
process. Borrower-level environmental, social and governance scores from external agencies are considered, when available, during the
evaluation of a proposal. We have developed sector-specific environmental, social and governance checklists for borrower-level evaluation
for exposures exceeding a certain threshold. The Bank has also developed a Framework for Sustainable Financing, which provides guidance
on eligibility criteria for Sustainable/Sustainability Linked Lending, guidance on assessment of facilities, monitoring & reporting
of such facilities. The Bank carries out an impact assessment of climate change on the critical infrastructure resources that support
the Bank’s operations. Further, the Bank considers stress testing for climate risk as part of scenario-based stress testing under
annual ICAAP. This stress testing incorporates the impact of physical risk as well as transition risk on the top counterparties of wholesale
banking portfolios.

Assessment of Working Capital Finance Exposures

We carry out a detailed analysis of borrowers’
working capital requirements. Once credit limits are approved, we may calculate the amounts that can be lent on the basis of review of
monthly stock statements provided by the borrower and the margins stipulated. Credit limits are reviewed on a periodic basis.

81

Table of Contents

Working capital facilities are generally secured
by inventories, receivables and other current assets. Additionally, in certain cases, we obtain contractual credit enhancements such as
personal guarantees or corporate guarantees from sponsors, or subordinated security interests in the tangible assets of the borrower including
plant and machinery.

Assessment of Retail Loans

The origination and approval of retail credit
exposures are segregated to ensure independence.

The Process Management Group within the Credit
and Process Management Group is responsible for drafting operating guidelines and program notes outlining the norms for offering retail
assets. The Credit Risk Management Group oversees the credit risk issues for retail assets including formulation of the policy norms and
review of all credit policies and operating policies proposed for approval by the Board or forums authorized by the Board. These groups
are also involved in portfolio monitoring of all retail assets and in suggesting and implementing policy amendments. The Data Science
and Analytics Group is responsible for devising customer-segment specific strategies, portfolio tracking and monitoring reports, analytics,
model and score card development and database management. The credit team is independent from the business unit and is organized geographically
to support the retail sales and service structure.

The Bank’s credit officers evaluate credit
proposals on the basis of operating guidelines approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The criteria vary across product segments
but typically include factors such as the borrower’s income, leverage, the loan-to-value ratio and demographic parameters. External
agencies such as field investigation agencies facilitate a comprehensive due diligence process including visits to offices and homes of
borrowers whenever required by the applicable guidelines. The Bank also draws upon a centralized database on delinquent loans and reports
from the credit bureaus to review the borrower’s profile. Except for personal loans and credit cards, the Bank generally requires
a contribution from the borrower and its loans are secured by the asset financed. For mortgage loans and used vehicle loans, a valuation
agency carries out the valuations. For certain products, the Bank has implemented a credit-scorecard, which forms one of the criteria
for loan evaluation.

Unsecured loans
in retail are primarily personal loans and credit cards. The retail portfolio at the Bank has been built with core principles of return
of capital and ecosystem led offerings, targeting known and assessable quality customers, decongesting existing processes, all with a
customer-centric approach. The Enterprise Risk Management framework stipulates limits on overall retail unsecured exposure as well as
separately on personal loans and credit cards. Thresholds on unsecured retail advances have also been stipulated. The portfolio default
risk is also monitored by the proportion of incremental originations of unsecured loans to borrowers across bureau score bands. The bureau
score distribution of incremental sourcing as well as for the overall portfolio is reviewed and reported on a quarterly basis to the
Risk Committee. Further, approval authorization is also risk-based which is linked to bureau score and product.

As part of digital credit lending, the Bank offers
retail asset products to its customers through digital channels. As part of its strategy, the Bank uses multiple credit filters to segment
customers and to mitigate risk. The portfolio build-up strategy is based on utilizing the pre-filtered customer database for origination
of key retail asset products wherein major incremental origination is from existing liability customer relationships.

The Bank undertakes portfolio buyouts of various
retail assets products. The portfolio is selected by applying filters like tenure, size, loan to value ratio and location, and meeting
regulatory requirements with regard to minimum holding period and minimum retention requirement by the seller. The buyouts are in the
form of direct assignment or by way of investment in securitization notes.

82

Table of Contents

The Bank has established centralized operations
to manage operational risk in the back-office processes of its retail assets business and also has decentralized operations to improve
turnaround time for customers. A separate team under the Credit and Process Management Group undertakes review and audits of credit quality
and processes across different products. The Bank has a debt services management group to manage debt recovery. The group operates under
the guidelines of a standardized recovery process.

Assessment Procedures for Borrowers under Business Banking

Business Banking Group in the Bank caters to financing
needs of micro, small and medium enterprises (“MSMEs”), which include individual entities and financing dealers and vendors of companies.

Business Banking Group credit also includes financing
extended directly to small enterprises as well as lending based on parameterized product-based credit facilities, which involves a cluster-based
approach wherein a lending program is implemented for a homogenous group of individuals/business entities, which comply with certain parameterized
norms. Further, programs can also be made for diverse group of individuals/business entities/ industries having common target market norms
and go/no-go parameters as approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The risk assessment of such a cluster involves the identification
of appropriate credit norms for the target market, the use of scoring models for enterprises that satisfy these norms and a comprehensive
appraisal of those enterprises, which are awarded a minimum required score in the scoring model.

The Bank has various programs for lending to business
banking customers, based on various financial and non-financial parameters and target market norms. The program criteria are approved
by the Committee of Executive Directors and individual credit proposals are assessed by the credit team based on these approved criteria.
Further, exposure of up to Rs 30 million can be sanctioned in the digital platform provided they meet the credit and collateral norms
prescribed by the program.

For larger ticket size loans, an in-house developed
statistical scoring model is being used to assess a majority of cases in the small and medium enterprise and mid-corporate segment. The
underwriting process integrates various digital tools like bank statement analyzer, automatic fetching of bureau reports and enhanced
business rule engine to generate probability of default scores for score-based analysis. A detailed appraisal is performed based on the
financial/ non-financial parameters (including information on GST / information from account aggregators) to assess the creditworthiness
of the enterprise in all the cases.

The Bank also finances dealers and vendors linked
to large and medium entities by implementing structures to enhance the base credit quality of the vendor or dealer. The process involves
an analysis of the base credit quality of the vendor or dealer and an analysis of the linkages that exist between the vendor or dealer
and the anchor corporate. The approval of limits to dealers and vendors takes place manually as well as digitally.

Assessment Procedures for Rural and Agricultural Loans

The rural and agricultural portfolio consists
of loans to individuals and non-individuals engaged in agriculture and related activities. These loans are extended to meet crop production
and maintenance, consumption, asset purchase and income generating requirements of borrowers.

The sales and credit decision-making functions
are segregated. The Process Management Group within the Credit and Process Management Group is responsible for drafting program notes
and operating guidelines. The Credit Risk Management Group oversees the credit risk issues for rural and agricultural

83

Table of Contents

loans including the ownership and review of all credit policies and
operating policies proposed for approval by the Board or forums authorized by the Board. These groups are also involved in portfolio monitoring
of all rural assets and in suggesting and implementing policy amendments. The Data Science and Analytics Group is responsible for devising
customer-segment specific strategies, portfolio tracking and monitoring, analytics, model and score card development and database management.
The credit team is independent from the business unit and is organized geographically to support the sales and service structure.

For loans against
gold ornaments and gold coins, the credit norms focus on establishing authenticity (purity and weight) of the underlying jewelry with
the help of Bank appointed external appraisers and assessment of the repayment ability of the borrowers. Norms with respect to loan-to-value
ratio have been laid down in accordance with regulatory guidelines. The repayment ability of the borrowers is assessed through the models
developed by the Data Science and Analytics Group or through the credit team.

For loans against pledge of agricultural commodities,
the credit norms focus on the quality, quantity and price volatility of the underlying commodity. A dedicated group evaluates, directly
or through the agencies appointed by it at the time of funding and undertakes periodic post disbursements checks. Norms with respect to
price monitoring and loan-to-value ratio have been laid down.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Our Business—Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may
adversely affect our business
”.

Risk Monitoring and Portfolio Review

We monitor credit facilities through a
risk-based asset review framework under which the frequency of asset review is higher for cases with higher exposure balances and
lower credit ratings. For corporate and business banking, the Asset and Liabilities Operations Group – Lending Services
Operations Group (ALOG-LSOG) verifies adherence to the terms of the sanction approval prior to disbursement/limit set up.

The Credit Monitoring Group jointly with the business
and Risk Management Group monitors corporate and business banking borrower accounts to identify triggers on the basis of account conduct
and behavior. These triggers are highlighted to risk and business teams and are included in the appraisal and portfolio review process,
which helps to take timely action on the exposures.

An analysis of our portfolio composition based
on internal ratings is carried out and submitted to the Risk Committee on a quarterly basis as part of the risk dashboard. This facilitates
the identification and analysis of trends in the portfolio credit risk.

The Credit Committee of the Bank, apart from approving
proposals, regularly reviews the credit quality of the portfolio and various sub-portfolios. A summary of the reviews carried out by the
Credit Committee is submitted to the Board for its information.

The Bank’s
Enterprise Risk Management framework defines benchmark vintage curves as delinquency triggers for key retail products. Actual delinquencies
for these products are monitored against these benchmark vintage curves, to enable analysis and directed collection strategies as well
as review of origination norms, where required. As part of the Enterprise Risk Management framework, a threshold on incremental origination
for customers with low bureau score has also been stipulated for retail portfolio.

84

Table of Contents

Market Risk

Market risk is the possibility of loss arising
from changes in the value of a financial instrument as a result of changes in market variables such as interest rates, exchange rates,
credit spreads and other asset prices. Our exposure to market risk is a function of our trading and asset-liability management activities
and our role as a financial intermediary in customer-related transactions. These risks are mitigated by the limits stipulated in the Investment
Policy (which includes the Derivatives Policy) and Asset Liability Management Policy, which are approved and reviewed by the Board.

Market Risk Management Procedures

The Asset Liability
Management Policy stipulates liquidity and interest rate risk limits at an aggregate level and the Asset Liability Management Committee
reviews adherence to limits and determines the strategy in light of the current and expected environment. The Investment Policy addresses
issues related to investments in various treasury products and includes the Derivatives Policy which is formulated in line with the comprehensive
guidelines issued by Reserve Bank of India on derivatives for banks. The policies are designed to ensure that operations in the securities
and foreign exchange and derivatives areas are conducted in accordance with sound and acceptable business practices and current regulatory
guidelines, laws governing transactions in financial securities and the financial environment. The policies contain the limit structures
that govern transactions in financial instruments. The Board has authorized the Risk Committee, Asset Liability Management Committee
and Committee of Executive Directors (Borrowing, Treasury and Investment Operations) to grant certain approvals related to treasury activities,
within the broad parameters laid down by policies approved by the Board.

The Asset Liability Management Committee, comprising
the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Whole-time Directors and senior executives, meets periodically and reviews the positions
of trading groups, interest rate and liquidity gap positions, sets deposit and benchmark lending rates, reviews the pricing methodologies
for various categories of advances, reviews the valuation methodologies for various treasury products, the business profile and its impact
on asset liability management and determines the asset liability management strategy, as deemed fit, taking into consideration the current
and expected business environment. The Asset Liability Management Policy provides guidelines to manage liquidity risk and interest rate
risk in the banking book.

The Market Risk Management Group is responsible
for the identification, assessment and measurement of market risk. Risk limits including position limits and stop loss limits are reported
on a daily basis by the Treasury Monitoring and Reporting Group and reviewed periodically. Foreign exchange risk is monitored through
the net overnight open foreign exchange limit. Interest rate risk in the banking book is measured through the use of re-pricing gap/duration
analysis. Interest rate risk is further monitored through interest rate risk limits approved by the Board.

Interest Rate Risk

Our core business is deposit taking, borrowing
and lending in both Indian rupees and foreign currencies as permitted by the Reserve Bank of India. These activities expose us to interest
rate risk.

Our balance sheet consists of Indian rupee and
foreign currency assets and liabilities, with a predominantly higher proportion of rupee-denominated assets and liabilities. Thus, movements
in Indian interest rates are our main source of interest rate risk.

Interest rate risk is measured through earnings
at risk from an earnings perspective and through duration of equity from an economic value perspective. Further, exposure to fluctuations
in interest rates is also measured by way of gap analysis, providing a static view of the maturity and re-pricing

85

Table of Contents

characteristics of balance sheet positions. We monitor interest rate
risk through the above measures on a fortnightly basis. The duration gap analysis and interest rate sensitivity gap statements for the
standalone Bank are submitted to the Reserve Bank of India on a monthly basis. Additionally, the interest rate gap statements for overseas
branches are submitted to the host regulator based on applicable guidelines. We also monitor sensitivities of our interest rate options
portfolio.

The Bank’s primary source of funding is
deposits and, to a smaller extent, borrowings. In the rupee market, most of our deposit taking is at fixed rates of interest. We accept
deposits for fixed periods, except for savings account deposits and current account deposits, which do not have any specified maturity
and can be withdrawn on demand. Current account deposits in the domestic operations are non-interest bearing. Our borrowings are usually
for a fixed period, with certain borrowings qualifying as capital instruments having European call options attached to them, exercisable
by us only on specified dates, subject to regulatory approvals. On the asset side, we have a mix of floating and fixed interest rate assets.
Our term loans are generally repaid gradually, with principal repayments being made over the life of the loan.

Pursuant to regulatory reserve requirements, we
maintain a large part of our assets in Government of India securities and in interest-free balances with the Reserve Bank of India, which
are funded mainly by deposits and borrowings. This exposes us to the risk of differential movement in the yield earned on statutory reserves
and the related funding cost.

Almost all the long-tenor foreign currency loans
in the overseas branches of the Bank are floating rate loans. These loans are generally funded with foreign currency borrowings and deposits
in our overseas branches. We generally convert the long-tenor foreign currency borrowings into floating rate dollar liabilities through
the use of interest rate and currency swaps with leading international banks. Our overseas subsidiaries in the U.K. and Canada have fixed
rate retail term deposits and fixed/floating rate wholesale borrowings as their funding sources, with the U.K. subsidiary additionally
having floating rate savings deposits and non-interest-bearing current deposits. They also have fixed and floating rate assets. Interest
rate risk is generally managed by increasing/decreasing the duration of investments and government securities portfolio and/or by entering
into interest rate derivatives whenever required. We are an active participant in the interest rate swap market and are one of the largest
swap counterparties in India.

For a discussion of our vulnerability to interest
rate risk, see
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable
to interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed-income portfolio,
our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance”
 and
“Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—Our inability to effectively manage credit, market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models
and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds”.

Equity Risk

We assume equity risk both as part of our investment
book and our trading book. At year-end fiscal 2026, we had a total equity investment portfolio (excluding investment in affiliates) of
Rs. 270.5 billion, primarily comprising Rs. 54.5 billion of investments by the Bank and Rs. 214.8 billion of investments by our insurance
subsidiary. The Bank also acquires equity investments from loan conversion and also investment in unlisted equity which are long-term
in nature. We also invest in alternate investment funds/venture capital funds, primarily those managed by our subsidiary ICICI Venture.
These funds primarily invest in equity and equity linked and non-convertible instruments. Our investments in these

86

Table of Contents

funds are similar in nature to our other equity investments and are
subject to the same risks. In addition, they are subject to risks in the form of changes in regulation and taxation policies applicable
to such equity funds. ICICI Securities and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership also have a small portfolio of equity derivatives. For
further information on our trading and available-for-sale investments, see
“—Overview of Our Products and Services—Investment
Banking—Treasury”
.

The risk in the equity portfolio of the proprietary
trading group, which manages the equity trading book of the Bank, is controlled through position limits, value-at-risk and stop loss limits,
as stipulated in the Investment Policy. The portfolio includes investments in listed equities, equity mutual funds and infrastructure
and real estate investment trusts, as well as application money paid for new offerings of such investments. Value-at-risk measures the
statistical risk of loss from a trading position, given a specified confidence level and a defined time horizon, see
“—Selected
Statistical Information”.

Exchange Rate Risk

We offer instruments like foreign exchange forwards,
options, swaps and combinations thereof to clients, which are primarily banks and corporate customers. We use cross-currency swaps, forwards,
and options to hedge against risks arising out of these transactions and for foreign currency loans that are originated in currencies
different from the currencies of the borrowings supporting them. Some of these transactions may not meet the hedge accounting requirements
and are subject to mark-to-market accounting. Trading activities in the foreign currency markets expose us to exchange rate risks. This
risk is mitigated by setting counterparty limits, stipulating foreign exchange overnight and intra-day position limits, greek limits for
options, daily/quarterly/yearly cumulative stop-loss limits and engaging in exception reporting.

Derivative Instruments Risk

The Bank offers various derivative products, including
forwards, options, swaps and combinations thereof in foreign exchange and interest rates to clients for their risk management purposes.
Profits or losses on account of market movements on these transactions are borne by the clients. For transactions which are not covered
fully or partially in the interbank market the Bank runs open positions within the limits prescribed in its Investment Policy. The derivative
transactions are subject to counterparty risk to the extent particular obligors are unable to make payment on contracts when due.

In view of the margin rules for non-centrally
cleared derivative transactions issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India and
guidelines issued by overseas regulators, certain derivative transactions are subject to margining and collateral exchange in accordance
with a Credit Support Annex. Reserve Bank of India has permitted the Bank to post and collect margin for permitted derivative contracts
with covered entities. The Bank has also implemented the International Swaps and Derivatives Association’s prescribed Standardized
Initial Margin Model for estimating the initial margin requirements for some of the non-centrally cleared derivatives. The Bank settles
certain derivatives transactions through qualified central counterparties such as Clearing Corporation of India Limited and London Clearing
House Limited and posts collateral in line with the margin regulations stipulated by qualified central counterparties.

The Bank also enters into interest rate and currency
derivative transactions for the purpose of hedging interest rate and foreign exchange risk and also engages in trading of derivative instruments
on its own account.

87

Table of Contents

Credit Spread Risk

Credit spread risk arises out of investments in
fixed income securities. Hence, volatility in the level of credit spreads would impact the value of these portfolios held by the Bank.
We closely monitor our portfolio, and risk is monitored by setting credit spread for 1 basis points (CS01) limits, investment limits,
rating-wise limits, single issuer limit, maturity limits and stipulating daily and cumulative stop-loss limits.

Liquidity Risk

The Bank manages
liquidity risk in accordance with our Asset Liability Management Policy. This policy is based on applicable regulatory guidelines and
is approved by the Board. The Asset Liability Management Committee of the Bank formulates and reviews strategies and provides guidance
for management of liquidity risk within the framework laid out in the Asset Liability Management Policy. The Risk Committee has oversight
of the Asset Liability Management Committee.

The Bank uses various tools for the measurement
of liquidity risk including the statement of structural liquidity, dynamic liquidity cash flow statements, liquidity ratios and stress
testing through scenario analysis. The statement of structural liquidity is used as a standard tool for measuring and managing net funding
requirements and the assessment of a surplus or shortfall of funds in various maturity buckets in the future. The cumulative utilization
against gap limits laid down for each bucket is reviewed by the Bank’s Asset Liability Management Committee.

We also periodically present to the Asset Liability
Management Committee the dynamic liquidity cash flow statements, which in addition to scheduled cash flows, considers the liquidity requirements
pertaining to incremental business and the funding thereof. As a part of the stock and flow approach, we monitor various liquidity ratios,
and limits as laid down for these ratios in the Asset Liability Management Policy.

The sources of liquidity, levels of liquid assets,
LCR, NSFR are set out in “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Market Risk—Liquidity Risk
”.

We have a Board approved liquidity stress-testing
framework, under which we estimate the Bank’s liquidity position under a range of stress scenarios, and consider possible measures
we could take to mitigate the outflows under each scenario. During fiscal 2026, the results of each of the stress scenarios were within
the Board-approved limits.

The Risk Committee has approved a liquidity contingency plan, which lays down a framework for ongoing monitoring of potential liquidity
contingencies and an action plan to meet such contingencies. The liquidity contingency plan lays down several liquidity indicators,
which are monitored on a pre-defined (daily or weekly) basis and also defines the protocol and responsibilities of various teams in
the event of a liquidity contingency.

Similar frameworks to manage liquidity risk have
been established at each of the overseas banking subsidiaries of the Bank, addressing the risks they run as well as incorporating host
country regulatory requirements, as applicable.

Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom has
access to diverse sources of liquidity to allow for flexibility in meeting its funding requirements. In line with local regulatory
requirements, ICICI Bank UK PLC has an Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process document, which is approved by its board of
directors. The Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process outlines the stress testing framework and liquidity and funding risk
limits. These limits are monitored by Asset Liability Management Committee of ICICI Bank UK PLC, at least on monthly basis. ICICI Bank
UK PLC has complied with these requirements

88

Table of Contents

throughout fiscal 2026. It maintained a LCR above the stipulated level
of 100.0% during fiscal 2026 and complied with Pillar 2 liquidity requirements, as stipulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority.

In Canada, the LCR guidelines from the Office
of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions expect banks to ensure that the value of the LCR be no lower than 100.0%, in the absence
of financial stress. At March 31, 2026, ICICI Bank Canada maintained a LCR above the regulatory minimum of 100.0%. The Office of the Superintendent
of Financial Institutions expects each Canadian bank to have an internal liquidity policy articulating and defining the role of liquid
assets within the bank’s overall liquidity management system and establishing minimum targets for liquid asset holdings. ICICI Bank
Canada has a Liquidity Management Policy and Market Risk Management Policy, which are approved by its board of directors. These limits
are monitored by the Asset Liability Management Committee of ICICI Bank Canada, at least on monthly basis. ICICI Bank Canada has complied
with these guidelines throughout fiscal 2026.

In addition, Net Cumulative Cash Flow information
is shared with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions on a monthly basis, consisting of details of maturity, pattern of
assets and liabilities and net cash flows.

See also “
Operating and Financial Review
and Prospects—Market Risk—Liquidity Risk
”.

Operational Risk

Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting
from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. Operational risk includes legal risk but excludes
strategic and reputational risks. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to fines, penalties or punitive damages resulting
from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements.

The management of operational risk is governed
by the Operational Risk Management Policy approved by the Board. The Policy is applicable across the Bank including overseas branches,
ensuring a clear accountability and responsibility for management and mitigation of operational risk, developing a common understanding
of operational risk and assisting the business and operation groups to improve internal controls. The Board has constituted an Operational
Risk Management Committee for reviewing risks associated with the various business activities of the Bank. The Operational Risk Management
Committee reviews the risk profile of various key functions, the tools used for management of operational risk and implementation of the
operational risk management policies as approved by the Board. The Framework for product/product variant approval process was reviewed
and approved by the Board and delegated Risk Committee to review on periodic basis on April 18, 2026. The framework outlines governance
and approval mechanism for products and product variants, review process by assurance functions and independent review process by assurance
functions. The COED has approved a framework for approval of processes, “Process Approval Framework and Operating Guidelines”.
The framework outlines the process for approval, review and discontinuation of the processes for the approved products/service.

The key elements in the operational risk management
process in the Bank are risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and risk mitigation.

The Bank seeks to mitigate operational risk by
maintaining a comprehensive system of internal controls, establishing systems and procedures to monitor transactions, maintaining key
back-up procedures and undertaking regular contingency planning.

89

Table of Contents

Considering the increasing importance of operational
risk, we are strengthening our operational risk framework through identification of material processes, institutionalizing the process
of in-depth analysis of operational risk incidents and creating a feedback loop of learnings to improve the processes.

Operational controls and procedures at the Bank
are summarized below.

Operational Controls and Procedures in Retail
Banking

The Bank has well-defined products, sales, credit
and operations structures for customer sales, evaluation, servicing and monitoring. The Bank offers retail and transaction banking products
to customers through various channels such as branches, phone banking, digital/online, business correspondents, and empaneled service
providers. Banking transactions relating to customer accounts are processed based on built-in system checks and authorization procedures
and transactions are also subjected to enhanced due diligence based on certain criteria. The Bank has designated centralized and regional
processing centers located at various cities across the country as well as contact centers in multiple cities for extending banking services
to customers through phone banking.

Operational Controls and Procedures for Wholesale
and Transaction Banking

The credit risk of the wholesale banking business
is independently evaluated by the credit risk management group. The legal group reviews, the security structure and documentation aspects
and the operations group conducts verification and scrutiny of the loan documents vis-à-vis terms of limit approved, monitoring
important covenants of the terms of limit approved, monitoring creation of the security interest and other important aspects for the facility
extended by the Bank.

Operational Controls and Procedures in Treasury

The Bank has internal controls with respect to
its treasury operations, which include the segregation of duties between the treasury front-office and treasury and securities services
groups, certain control procedures, monitoring procedures through detailed reporting statements, and a well-defined code of conduct for
dealers. The Bank has also set up limits in respect of treasury operations including deal size limits, product investment limits and market
risk limits. In order to mitigate the potential risk of mis-selling, a customer suitability and appropriateness policy has been implemented.
Similarly, in order to mitigate potential contractual risks, over-the-counter deal execution-related conversations are recorded. Some
of the control measures include independence of deal validation, deal confirmation, documentation, limits monitoring, treasury accounting,
settlement, reconciliation and regulatory compliance. Further, there is monitoring for unconfirmed, unsettled deals if any, delay in settlement
or confirmation, and other potential issues.

Operational Controls and Procedures for IT

The Bank has a governance framework for IT and
security with oversight by the IT Strategy Committee, which is a Board-level committee chaired by an independent director. The security
strategy at the Bank is based on the principle of defense in depth and the IT risk framework of the Bank enunciates three lines of defense
with clearly defined roles and responsibilities. The Bank has dedicated units responsible for information security and financial crime
prevention, which are independent of the business units. In striving to provide high availability and continuity of services to its customers,
including high availability of customer-facing IT systems, the Bank has a Business Continuity Management and Disaster Recovery Policy
for timely recovery of its IT systems in the event of any disaster or contingency.

90

Table of Contents

To monitor its systems, the Bank has an IT Command
Center (which includes Network Operation Center). This is supported by the resilience in the design and redundancy at every layer in the
Bank’s IT infrastructure (servers, storage and network). The Bank has processes for change management, identity management, access
management and security operations, and these processes are periodically reviewed and refined to keep them abreast of emerging risks and
to implement commensurate controls to mitigate such risks. The Bank has a fully equipped disaster recovery setup in place at remote location(s),
which is subject to periodic disaster recovery drills. Further, stringent gating controls are followed when introducing new applications.

The Bank continuously reviews and takes measures
to enhance its IT resilience in terms of application architecture, network and infrastructure.

Third Party Risk

The Board has approved outsourcing policies (business
and IT) to oversee the governance around outsourcing activities. Based on these policies, the Board and senior management are responsible
for monitoring outsourcing risks inherent in such outsourcing activities. The Board has constituted an Outsourcing Committee, which approves
new outsourcing activities, undertakes periodic reviews and implementation of the outsourcing policies, and performs other functions in
support of the outsourcing policies.

Fraud risk

The Fraud Risk Management Framework is governed
by the Group Fraud Risk Management Policy approved by the Board. In Compliance of RBI Master Directions on Frauds, the Bank has constituted
Fraud Monitoring Committee (“FMC”, “the Committee”), a Board Special Committee for Monitoring and Follow-up of cases of frauds and overseeing
the effectiveness of the fraud risk management in the Bank.

The FMC monitors the efficacy of fraud risk management
in the Bank and suggests mitigating measures for strengthening the internal controls, risk management framework and minimizing the incidence
of frauds. It monitors and reviews all the frauds involving an amount of Rs 30 million and above along with other frauds with the objective
of identifying the systemic lacunae and suggesting mitigating measures for strengthening the internal controls, risk management framework,
if any. The Bank also has a dedicated group, namely, Financial Crime Prevention Group (FCPG), overseeing/handling the fraud prevention,
detection, investigation, monitoring, reporting and awareness creation activities. These functions are predominantly discharged in a centralized
manner, in line with regulatory guidelines.

IT Risk

IT risk refers to potential
negative outcomes that may arise from the use of IT systems and processes. IT risk includes the risk of business disruption and the risk
of data breach. The management of IT risk is governed by the information security policy and cybersecurity policy which is an annexure
to the Board-approved operational risk management policy. The information security policy and cybersecurity policy is applicable across
the Bank including the overseas branches, ensuring a clear accountability and responsibility for the management and mitigation of IT risk,
developing a common understanding of the key IT processes and facilitating the IT group to improve internal controls in IT operations.
The Board has constituted an IT Strategy Committee for reviewing risks associated with the various technology solutions of the Bank.

91

Table of Contents

The key elements in the IT risk management process
are developing policies and frameworks in various areas of IT operations for risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk
monitoring and risk mitigation.

See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Technology—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, misuse of privilege access by insiders, hacking, social
engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could
result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial
exposure”
.

Anti-Money Laundering Controls

The Bank has implemented Know Your Customer (“KYC”)/
Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”)/ Combating of Financing of Terrorism controls in accordance with the provisions under the Prevention
of Money Laundering Act (“PMLA”), 2002, rules promulgated thereunder and directions issued by the regulators from time to
time.

Implementation of these controls includes the
formulation of a Group KYC, AML and Combatting Financing of Terrorism policy that establishes the standards of AML/Combating of Financing
of Terrorism compliance and is applicable to all activities of the Bank including its Strategic Business Units in India, overseas branches
and banking and non-banking subsidiaries; oversight by the Audit Committee on the implementation of the AML framework; appointment of
a Whole-time Director to ensure overall compliance with the obligation under PMLA; appointment of a senior level officer as the Principal
Officer who has the responsibility of monitoring day-to-day implementation of the AML framework; implementation of adequate KYC procedures,
which includes the screening of customer names with sanctions lists and other negative lists issued by the regulators, as applicable,
and customer risk categorization to classify the customers as high, medium or low risk; risk-based transaction monitoring and regulatory
reporting procedures through automated applications; implementation of appropriate mechanisms to train employees’ and create customer
awareness of the KYC, AML and Combatting Financing of Terrorism policy. With an objective to identify, assess and understand the money
laundering and terrorist financing risks faced and adopt effective risk mitigation measures following the risk-based approach, the Bank
has formulated a Money Laundering/Terrorists Financing Risk Assessment Framework.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the
financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.
” and “
Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business
and financial results and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.
” See also “
—Legal and Regulatory
Proceedings.
” See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to KYC and AML
.”

Cybersecurity

Risk Management and Strategy

The Bank is exposed to a broad range of cybersecurity
risks that have become increasingly complex, persistent and sophisticated. These include threats such as denial-of-service attacks, hacking,
malware intrusions, ransomware, data corruption, identity theft and social engineering attacks—some of which specifically target
our employees, customers, and third-party vendors. Such incidents may result in the unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification,
or destruction of confidential information, disruption

92

Table of Contents

of our operations, and could have a materially adverse effect on our
business operations, financial results, legal standing, and reputation.

Our business operations are critically dependent
on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential and proprietary information across our technology infrastructure,
which includes our internal data centers and the systems of various third-party service providers. Customers access our services through
multiple channels, including personal computers, mobile devices and other endpoints that lie outside our managed environment and are inherently
vulnerable to external cybersecurity threats. As a result, both our infrastructure and customer interfaces are exposed to evolving threats,
including cyber-attacks by criminal syndicates, state-sponsored entities, insider threats, and other malicious actors.

We continue to witness heightened cybersecurity
risks, driven by rapid digitalization, proliferation of emerging technologies and the increasing use of digital channels for conducting
financial transactions. Our cyber-risk landscape is further complicated by technological advancements such as AI and quantum computing.
While AI can be leveraged to enhance data processing, customer service, and operational efficiency, it can also be used by adversaries
to identify system vulnerabilities more rapidly and launch adaptive, real-time attacks that evade conventional detection mechanisms. Quantum
computing, once commercially viable, could potentially compromise existing encryption protocols, posing a significant threat to data confidentiality.

In addition, the increasing adoption of cloud-based
services, open APIs, digital partnerships, and interconnected financial ecosystems has expanded the Bank’s attack surface and dependency
on external technology environments. Cyber threats may also arise from software supply chain compromises, vulnerabilities in widely used
third-party applications, and unauthorized access through compromised credentials or privileged accounts.

Cybersecurity risks are further exacerbated by
our reliance on third parties, including service providers, vendors, and financial market infrastructure. A technology failure, cyber
incident, or breach at any of these third parties could adversely affect our ability to conduct business, manage risk exposures, or meet
regulatory obligations. In addition, increased sectoral interconnectedness and consolidation amplify systemic risks, as a compromise at
one institution may have cascading effects across financial ecosystems.

The Bank has established a comprehensive cybersecurity
framework designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information assets. This includes:

·   A layered “defence-in-depth” strategy encompassing perimeter and endpoint security, application and data security, network
segmentation, and privileged access controls.

·   Continuous monitoring and threat detection by our 24x7 Security Operations Centre (“SOC”).

·   Deployment of Data Loss Prevention (“DLP”) systems to protect sensitive data across endpoints, web gateways, and email
infrastructure.

·   Implementation of a robust cyber-incident response plan covering preparation, detection, escalation, containment, investigation, eradication,
recovery, and post-incident analysis.

·   Cyber-attack simulation drills (e.g., spear phishing, distributed denial-of-service (“DDoS”) simulations and social engineering
exercises) and disaster recovery/business continuity drills to test resilience and response readiness.

93

Table of Contents

Our strategy also includes robust cyber-risk awareness
programs. We have implemented customer-facing controls that allow real-time self-management of critical security parameters such as card
limits and access permissions. Awareness initiatives are regularly conducted through campaigns that educate customers on safe banking
practices in digital environments. Internally, the Bank runs a comprehensive Security Awareness Program to train employees on threat identification,
phishing prevention, and secure data handling practices.

The Bank’s cybersecurity policies and processes
are benchmarked against multiple regulatory and industry frameworks, including the Reserve Bank of India’s Cybersecurity Framework,
NCIIPC Guidelines,  SEBI and IRDA cybersecurity guidelines, as well as global standards such as
the NIST Cybersecurity Framework. Our cybersecurity policies are reviewed and approved annually by the Board to ensure the policies remain
current and effective in the context of emerging risks.

The Bank also continues to strengthen its cyber
resilience capabilities in alignment with evolving regulatory expectations relating to digital operational resilience, cyber incident
reporting, critical information infrastructure protection, and data protection and privacy requirements across jurisdictions in which
the Bank operates.

Governance

The Bank has instituted a dedicated cybersecurity
governance structure that clearly defines roles, responsibilities, and oversight mechanisms. The Board assumes ultimate responsibility
for cybersecurity oversight, which it delegates through the IT Strategy Committee. The IT Strategy Committee is responsible for ensuring
that the Bank has established effective mechanisms to identify, assess, manage, and mitigate cybersecurity risks. It also reviews updates
on key risk indicators, threat landscape developments, and cybersecurity incident summaries.

The operational execution of the Bank’s
cybersecurity strategy is led by the Chief Information Security Officer, who brings more than 28 years of domain experience across retail
banking, treasury, internet and mobile banking platforms, securities markets, and IT governance. The Chief Information Security Officer
leads the Information Security Group, which comprises specialized teams in cyber defence operations, incident response, regulatory compliance,
and vulnerability management.

The Chief Information Security Officer and Information
Security Group leadership team provide quarterly briefings to the IT Strategy Committee, covering threat intelligence, incident trends,
cyber risk assessments, and status updates on security initiatives. The Information Security Group staff undergo regular training and
certification, and participate in industry-wide cybersecurity forums to stay abreast of evolving threat vectors and regulatory expectations.

Cybersecurity
is embedded in the Bank’s Enterprise Risk Management framework and is assessed alongside operational, reputational, and third-party
risks. All technology implementations and digital products undergo security assessments before deployment. The Bank also conducts periodic
tabletop exercises simulating cyber incidents to validate its incident response, communication, and stakeholder coordination procedures.

Vendor and third-party risk is actively managed
through a formal due diligence and continuous monitoring framework, which includes evaluating a vendor or third party’s cybersecurity
posture, breach notification protocols, and alignment with the Bank’s data protection requirements. Cybersecurity obligations are
embedded in contracts with service providers to ensure timely incident reporting and mitigation cooperation.

94

Table of Contents

The Bank also maintains processes for assessing
cybersecurity risks associated with critical vendors, outsourced arrangements, and technology partners, including periodic reviews of
control effectiveness and escalation mechanisms for material incidents affecting third party services.

Cybersecurity Incidents

During  fiscal 2026, the Bank did not
identify any cybersecurity incident that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our business strategy, operations
or financial condition. However, consistent with industry-wide experience, we have faced multiple attempted attacks, including targeted
phishing, credential harvesting, and DDoS attacks aimed at disrupting customer access to our digital platforms. These attempts were promptly
detected and mitigated by the Bank’s cybersecurity infrastructure without any known data compromise or service disruption.

Despite our preparedness and layered controls,
we recognize that no security framework is immune to breach. Attack techniques are constantly evolving, often leveraging previously unknown
vulnerabilities or exploiting human error. Sophisticated adversaries may possess significant resources and employ highly targeted methods
that can bypass traditional security defences. Some threats may go undetected for extended periods and be discovered only after a breach
has occurred.

The Bank continues to invest in strengthening
its security infrastructure, improving resilience, and enhancing response capabilities. Significant resources are dedicated to modernizing
defences, including AI-based analytics, behavior-driven anomaly detection, and zero-trust architecture components. We remain vigilant
in identifying and addressing emerging threats, including those arising from supply chain exposures, third-party dependencies, and cross-border
regulatory developments.

The Bank continues to enhance its cyber resilience
posture through investments in advanced security technologies, process automation, threat intelligence capabilities, and resilience testing
initiatives. The Bank also continues to evaluate emerging cybersecurity risks associated with evolving technologies, geopolitical developments,
and the changing regulatory environment to strengthen preparedness and response capabilities.

Audit

The Internal
Audit Group, governed by a Group Audit Charter and Internal Audit Policy approved by the Board, provides independent, objective
assurance on the effectiveness of internal controls, risk management and corporate governance and suggests improvements. It helps us
accomplish our objectives by evaluating and improving the effectiveness of risk management, internal controls and governance
processes, through a systematic and disciplined approach. The Internal Audit Group acts as an independent entity and reports to the
Audit Committee of the Board.

The Internal Audit Group maintains staff with
sufficient knowledge, skills, experience and professional certifications. It deploys audit resources with expertise in audit execution
and adequate understanding of business activities. An assessment of the quality of assurance provided by the Internal Audit Group is conducted
through an independent external firm once every three years.

The Internal
Audit Group has adopted a risk-based audit methodology in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The risk-based audit
methodology is outlined in the Internal Audit Policy. An annual risk-based audit plan is drawn up based on the risk-based audit methodology
and is approved by the Audit Committee. Accordingly, the Internal Audit Group undertakes a comprehensive audit of all business centers,
business groups and other functions in accordance with the risk-based audit plan. Resources required for implementing the risk-based
audit plan are also approved by the Audit Committee.

95

Table of Contents

The Internal Audit Group also has a dedicated
team responsible for IT and information security (including cybersecurity) audits. The annual audit plan covers various components of
IT including applications, infrastructure, IT governance/risk management and IT general controls. Cybersecurity is a key focus area for
audit, and activities undertaken by the information security function are also subjected to audit.

The Reserve Bank of India requires banks to have
a process of concurrent audits of risk sensitive areas identified as per specific business models. Centralized Processing Centers are
required to be under purview of concurrent audit. The coverage of business centers/business areas under purview of concurrent audit and
scope of work to be entrusted to concurrent auditors are required to be approved by the Audit Committee. In adherence with the requirements,
the Internal Audit Group has put in place a systematic and structured approach for concurrent audit covering a review of high-risk financial
transactions originated by domestic business centers, throughout India. Additionally, domestic business centers having high volume of
high-risk financial transactions are under purview of separate concurrent audit. Various other areas including treasury related functions
and trade finance transactions are also under purview of concurrent audit. Concurrent audits are also carried out at centralized and regional
processing centers and at centralized operations units with a focus on areas that are identified as needing transaction testing and also
to test the existence of and adherence to internal controls. Some of the head office functions are also under purview of continuous audit.
The details of the concurrent audit coverage are outlined in the annual risk-based audit plan, approved by the Audit Committee.

The audit of overseas banking subsidiaries and
domestic non-banking subsidiaries is carried out by a dedicated team of resident auditors attached to the respective subsidiaries/or by
an internal audit team of the Bank. These audit teams functionally report to the Audit Committees of the respective subsidiary and to
the Internal Audit Group of the Bank. The audit of overseas branches and representative offices is carried out by audit teams consisting
of auditors from India as well as a resident auditor based at the Singapore branch. International operations outsourced to India are audited
by a team of internal auditors in India.

Legal and Regulatory Risk

We are involved in various litigations and are
subject to a wide variety of banking and financial services laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We
are also subject to a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of these jurisdictions. Any uncertainty as to the
enforceability of the obligations of our customers and counterparties, including the enforcement of collateral, creates legal risk.

Changes in laws and regulations could adversely
affect us. Legal risk is higher in new areas of business or when using new means to conduct existing business where the law is often untested
by the courts. We seek to minimize legal risk by our Legal Group providing/reviewing legal documentation and advising on legal risks for
our transactions, products and services.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—We are involved in various litigations. Any final judgment awarding material damages against us could
have a material adverse impact on our financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs”, “Risk
Factors—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and
compliance environment in the

96

Table of Contents

financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against
us, whether formal or informal.
” and “
—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
”.

Risk Management Framework for Overseas Operations

We have adopted
a risk management framework for our overseas operations, including overseas branches, our International Financial Services Centre Banking
Unit and Offshore Banking Unit. Under the framework, the Bank’s credit, investment, asset liability management and AML policies
apply to all the overseas branches, our International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit and Offshore Banking Unit, with modifications
to meet local regulatory or business requirements. These modifications may be made with the approval of our Board or the committees designated
by the Board. The overseas branches are governed by their respective Risk Appetite Framework approved by the Board and the
overall bank-wide policies. In addition, there are also branch level policies, frameworks and operating credit risk limits as appropriate.
Policies at the overseas banking subsidiaries are approved by Board of Directors of the respective subsidiaries and are framed in consultation
with the related groups in the Bank as per the risk management framework.

The
Compliance Group oversees regulatory compliance at the overseas branches, its International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit
and Offshore Banking Unit. Compliance risk assessments, including the key risk indicators pertaining to domestic and overseas
branches, are presented to the Risk Committee on a periodic basis. Management of regulatory compliance risk is an integral
component of the governance framework at the Bank and its subsidiaries along with the internal control mechanisms.

Risk Management in Certain Subsidiaries

ICICI Bank UK PLC

ICICI Bank UK PLC is exposed to key risks including
credit, market, interest rate risk in banking book, liquidity, operational, outsourcing, information security, climate, compliance, conduct,
financial crime and reputational risks.

The Board of
Directors of ICICI Bank UK PLC is responsible for oversight and control of the functioning of ICICI Bank UK PLC, and for approving major policies
including the risk management framework and Risk Appetite Framework.

The Board of
Directors of ICICI Bank UK PLC has oversight on all risks and has established committees with specific mandates for oversight over the various
risks.

Various executive
committees provide day-to-day oversight on key risks, with periodic monitoring at both the executive and Board/Board committee levels.
All business activities are conducted within the approved risk appetite and policy framework.

ICICI Bank Canada

ICICI Bank Canada
faces risks such as credit, market, operational, interest rate risk in banking book, liquidity, operational, third party, information
security, climate, compliance, conduct, fraud and reputation risks. ICICI Bank Canada has developed an Enterprise Risk Management Framework
to identify, measure, and monitor these risks effectively.

The Board of
Directors of ICICI Bank Canada has oversight on all risks and has established committees with specific mandates for oversight over the
various risks.

Various executive
committees provide day-to-day oversight on key risks, with periodic monitoring at both the executive and Board/Board committee levels.
All business activities are conducted within the approved risk appetite and policy framework.

97

Table of Contents

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership

ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership is a primary dealer and has Government of India securities as a significant proportion of its portfolio. The Corporate
Risk Management Group at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership has developed comprehensive risk management policies which seek to manage
the risks generated by the activities of the organization. The Corporate Risk Management Group develops and maintains models to assess
market risks which are constantly updated to capture the dynamic nature of the markets. The Corporate Risk Management Group also participates
in the evaluation and introduction of new products and business activities.

ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership has a Board-Level Risk Management Committee which is chaired by an Independent Director and comprises members of its
Board of Directors. The Risk Management Committee is responsible for analyzing and monitoring the risks associated with the different
business activities of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership and overseeing adherence to the risk and investment limits set by its Board
of Directors.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited

The risk governance
structure of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited consists of its Board, Board Risk Management Committee, Executive Risk Committee
and its subcommittees. The Board, on the recommendation of the Board Risk Management Committee, has approved the risk policy which covers
the identification, measurement, monitoring and control standards relating to various individual risks, namely investment (market, credit
and liquidity), insurance, reputation and operational (including legal, compliance, outsourcing, customer dissonance, business continuity,
information and cybersecurity) risks. The Board periodically reviews the potential impact of strategic risks such as changes in macro-economic
factors, government policies, regulatory environment and tax regime on the business plan of the ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited.

In addition to these risks, the life insurance
industry faces sustainability risks related to environmental, social and governance issues, including climate change. The risk management
framework of the ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited seeks to identify, measure and control its exposures to all these risks
within its overall risk appetite. Accordingly, sustainability risks, including climate-related risks, are integrated in the risk management
framework of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

The risk policy
sets out the governance structure for risk management at ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. The Board Risk Management Committee,
which consists of non-executive directors, formulates the risk management policy, including asset liability management, monitors all
risks across various lines of business and establishes appropriate systems to mitigate such risks. The Board Risk Management Committee
also defines ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited’s risk appetite, reviews its risk profile, oversees the effective
operation of the risk management system and advises the Board on key risk issues.

The Executive
Risk Committee, which comprises senior management, is responsible for assisting the Board and the Board Risk Management Committee in
their risk management duties by guiding, coordinating and overseeing compliance with the risk management policies and, in particular,
is jointly responsible along with the Product Management Committee for the approval of all new products launched by ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited.

98

Table of Contents

The risk management
model of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited comprises a four-stage continuous cycle, namely identification and assessment,
measurement, monitoring and control of risks. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited’s risk policy details the strategy
and procedures adopted to follow the risk management cycle at the enterprise level. A risk dashboard detailing the key risk exposures
faced by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and mitigation measures is presented to the Board Risk Management Committee
on a quarterly basis.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company

ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company is exposed to risks arising from its underwriting activities, market risk on its investment portfolio
and credit risk associated with its counterparties, including reinsurers. In line with its Enterprise Risk Management Framework, ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company seeks to manage underwriting risks through diversification across product classes, industry segments
and geographical regions, while maintaining a prudent balance between corporate and retail business. Risk retention is managed in accordance
with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company’s re-insurance programme and co-insurance arrangements, with reinsurance arrangements
used as a key mechanism to limit exposure to large losses. Further, risks arising from macroeconomic and geopolitical developments are
identified and monitored under the strategic risk and market risk categories and are assessed across underwriting portfolios, investment
exposures, reinsurance arrangements and operational resilience. Geographical exposures, including overseas business and reinsurance counterparties,
are periodically reviewed by the Risk Management Committee, while potential implications for business continuity, technology resilience
and information security are monitored through internal governance forums involving senior management and IT Strategy Committee of the
Board, to facilitate timely identification and mitigation of material risks.

Investments of
the ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company are governed by the investment policy approved by its Board of Directors within the norms
stipulated by IRDAI.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company also has
various subcommittees to monitor risks and associated mitigations related to market risks, product management risks, operational risks,
outsourcing risks, IT & strategy committee and information security committee, environmental social and governance risks and other
core risks. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company continues to closely watch the evolving situation for appropriate risk mitigation
and management.

ICICI Home Finance Company Limited

ICICI
Home Finance Company Limited is exposed to various kinds of risks inherent to its lending and operational activities, including credit
risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and technology/cybersecurity risk. To manage these risks in a structured and proactive
manner, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited has instituted a comprehensive Risk Management Policy under the supervision of the Risk Management
Committee (“RMC”) and approved by the Board of Directors. ICICI Home Finance Company Limited has well-defined systems to
facilitate periodic reporting of key risks to the Board of Directors, Board committees and the senior management.

ICICI
Home Finance Company Limited has adopted an Enterprise Risk Management approach, enabling a holistic assessment of risks at an organisational
level. The broad strategic approach is to identify and assess core perceived risks and put in place robust strategies and mitigation
plans to counter the core perceived risks faced by an organisation. As part of the Enterprise Risk Management, ICICI Home Finance Company
Limited has formulated a Risk Appetite Statement (“RAS”), which articulates the level of risk ICICI Home Finance Company
Limited is willing to assume across key business activities. The RAS serves as a guiding document for strategic planning, business growth,
capital allocation and risk limits, and is reviewed periodically to reflect evolving market and regulatory dynamics.

99

Table of Contents

ICICI Securities Limited

ICICI Securities Limited
has in place a robust risk management framework encompassing the identification, measurement and mitigation of risks across the business
of the ICICI Securities Limited.

The
Board of Directors oversees the risk governance framework of the ICICI Securities Limited and has constituted a Risk Management Committee
(“RMC”). The RMC is responsible for reviewing and monitoring ICICI Securities Limited’s products/processes/policies
and approving risk controls to ensure that the residual risk across ICICI Securities Limited is maintained within the defined limits.
In furtherance of its mandate, the RMC is supported by three dedicated risk management functions:

Corporate Risk Management
Group (“CRMG”) addresses financial risks including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. CRMG implements and periodically
reviews Corporate Risk and Investment Policy wherein limits have been stipulated for ICICI Securities Limited’s proprietary investments
(such as value-at-risk limits, exposure limits, stop-loss limits and concentration limits) as well as for products and services offered
to clients by ICICI Securities Limited.

In addition, CRMG evaluates
the results of various stress testing scenarios from the perspective of ensuring ICICI Securities Limited’s capital adequacy under
unfavourable/unforeseen market circumstances and ensuring timely actions, wherever required. CRMG aims at anticipating risks including
event risks, proactively planning for managing such risks and being better equipped for handling/managing uncertainties.

Operational
Risk Management Group oversees the identification, assessment, measurement, monitoring, and mitigation of operational risk at the business
level and has formulated an Operational Risk Management Policy to provide structured approach to manage operational risk.

Information Security
Risk Management Group is responsible for managing cyber risk through the development and monitoring of information security policies,
controls, cyber resilience frameworks and protection of the organisation’s cyberspace against cyber-attacks, threats and vulnerabilities.

Loan Portfolio

Our gross loan portfolio increased by 15.5% from
Rs. 14,389.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 16,620.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. At year-end fiscal 2026, 93.1% of our gross
loans were rupee loans. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Financial Position—Assets—Advances
”.

Collateral—Completion, Perfection
and Enforcement

Our loan portfolio largely consists of corporate
finance and working capital loans to corporate borrowers, loans to retail customers, including home loans, automobile loans, commercial
business loans, personal loans and credit card receivables and agricultural financing. Our unsecured loans primarily include personal
loans, credit card receivables and loans to higher-rated corporate borrowers. For loans which are secured, we generally stipulate that
the loans should be collateralized at the time of loan origination. However, it should be noted that obstacles within the Indian legal
system can create delays in enforcing collateral. See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—If the level
of our non-

100

Table of Contents

performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan
portfolio deteriorates, our business will suffer”
. In India, there are no regulations stipulating loan-to-collateral limits,
except in the case of home loans and loans against gold ornaments and jewellery.

Secured consumer loan portfolio

Secured consumer loans for the purchase of assets,
such as mortgage loans and automobile loans are secured by the assets being financed (predominantly property and vehicles).

Depending on the type of borrower and the asset
being financed, the borrower may also be required to contribute towards the cost of the asset. Accordingly, the security value is generally
higher than the loan amount at the date of loan origination.

For other secured consumer loans, such as loans
against property and property overdrafts, we generally require collateral of 125.0% of the loan amount at origination.

Commercial loans

The Bank generally requires collateral at origination
for commercial loans. We may also extend unsecured facilities in certain circumstances. Such circumstances may include working capital
limits outside consortium, short term requirements of the borrower, regulatory norms/restrictions on taking security and facilities where
adequate structural comforts are available to mitigate the envisaged credit risks and retail loans such as credit cards and personal loans.
We also provide unsecured loans to higher rated, well-established corporates. The collateral for project and other corporate loans are
usually immovable assets which are typically mortgaged in the Bank’s favor, or movable assets, which are typically hypothecated
or pledged in the Bank’s favor, except for projects such as road/airport and other concession-based projects. These security interests
must be perfected by the registration of these interests within time limits stipulated under the Companies Act with the Registrar of Companies
pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act when borrowers are constituted as companies. Security interests upon immovable property
are generally required to be registered with the relevant Sub-Registrar in terms of the Registration Act, 1908. This registration amounts
to a constructive public notice of the security interests. We may also take security of a pledge of financial assets like marketable securities
and obtain corporate guarantees and personal guarantees and sponsors wherever appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include
covenants relating to sponsor shareholding in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their
shareholding. Covenants involving equity shares generally have a top-up mechanism based on price triggers. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—The value of our collateral may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing our collateral when borrowers
default on their obligations to us, which may result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential
loss
”.

The Bank generally requires collateral value at
150.0% of the outstanding loan amounts for loans to real estate companies and lease rental discounting facilities. Our lease rental discounting
facility is a loan facility offered to borrowers where the loans are granted against confirmed future lease rental payments to be received
by the borrowers. Further, the Bank  also  limits  unsecured exposures, which restrict the exposure to unsecured
facilities.

For working capital facilities, the current assets
of borrowers are generally taken as collateral. Each borrower is required to declare the value of current assets periodically. The borrower’s
credit limit is subject to an internally approved ceiling that applies to all borrowers.

101

Table of Contents

Additionally, in some cases, we may take further
security on fixed assets, a pledge of financial assets like marketable securities, or obtain corporate guarantees and personal guarantees
of sponsors wherever appropriate. We also accept post-dated checks or cash (by way of term deposits of the Bank duly lien-marked in our
favor) as additional comfort for the facilities provided to various entities. The Bank has an internal framework for updating the collateral
values of commercial loans on a periodic basis. In the case of lending under consortium banking arrangement, a valuation report is obtained
as per the timelines stipulated by the lead bank. The Bank is generally entitled, by the terms of security documents, to enforce its security
interest and appropriate the proceeds towards the borrower’s loan obligations without reference to the courts or tribunals unless
a client makes a reference to such courts or tribunals to challenge such enforcement. In addition, the Bank generally has a right of set-off
for amounts due to us from these facilities. As per the credit policy of the Bank, we comply with the extant regulatory guidelines with
respect to collateral valuation in the case of non-performing accounts.

In the case of consumer installment loans, we
obtain direct debit mandates or post-dated checks towards repayment on pre-specified dates. Post-dated checks, if dishonored, may entitle
us on occurrence of certain events to initiate quasi-criminal proceedings against the issuer of the checks. We are also adopting an online
dispute-resolution mechanism (entailing mediation, conciliation or arbitration or combination thereof administered by an independent institution)
for speedy resolution of claims and disputes of certain retail assets and services as an alternative to approaching courts or tribunals.
Such online dispute-resolution mechanism and its continuing usage will be subject to changes in law or court decisions.

We recognize that our ability to realize the full
value of the collateral is affected adversely by, among other things, delays in bankruptcy proceedings, delays in the legal system, objections
raised by borrowers or other interested third persons, defects in the perfection of collateral (including due to inability to obtain approvals
that may be required from various persons, agencies or authorities) and fraudulent transfers by borrowers and other factors, including
current legislative provisions or changes thereto and past or future judicial pronouncements. The value and time to dispose of the collateral
could also be impacted by policy decisions. The Bank generally requires its working capital loan customers to submit data on their working
capital position on a regular basis, so that we can take any actions required before the loan becomes impaired. On a case-by-case basis,
we may also stop or limit the borrower from drawing further credit from its facility.

Loan Pricing

Based on the guidelines of the Reserve Bank of
India, all rupee loans extended by banks and credit limits renewed with effect from April 1, 2016 are required to be priced with reference
to the marginal cost of funds based lending rate. As required by the guidelines, we publish the ICICI Bank marginal cost of funds based
lending rate for various tenors on a monthly basis.

The Reserve Bank of India’s Master Direction
– Interest Rate on Advances mandates banks to link all new floating rate personal or retail loans (e.g., housing loans or auto loans)
and floating rate loans to MSMEs extended by banks to specified external benchmarks. The interest rate of external benchmark linked floating
rate loans shall be reset at least once in three months. For borrowers other than retail and MSMEs, the Bank has the option to offer floating
rate loans linked to external benchmark or marginal cost of funds based lending rate. Currently, ICICI Bank links its external benchmark
linked floating rate loans to the Reserve Bank of India repo rate.

102

Table of Contents

Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

The following table sets forth certain information
relating to our subsidiaries, joint ventures and consolidated entities (prior to inter-company elimination) at year-end fiscal 2026.

Name   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership interest   Total income (1)   Net worth (2)   Total assets (3)
(in millions, except percentages)
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   January 1988   Private Equity/venture capital fund management   100.00   %   Rs.   2,742   Rs.   2,392   Rs.   2,876
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited (4)   February 1993   Securities investment, trading and underwriting   100.00   %   28,836   21,524   366,440
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited (4)   June 1993   Asset management company for ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   53.00   %   60,009   41,712   50,504
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   June 1993   Trustee company for ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   50.80   %   26   29   33
ICICI Securities Limited (4)(7)   March 1995   Securities brokerage & Merchant Banking   100.00   %   58,908   62,528   353,302
ICICI International Limited   January 1996   Asset management   100.00   %   112   252   269
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   April 1999   Trusteeship Services   100.00   %   4   13   14
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited (4)   May 1999   Housing Finance   100.00   %   40,641   60,166   344,012
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   March 2000   Asset management and investment advisory   100.00   %   322   441   528

103

Table of Contents

Name   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership interest   Total income (1)   Net worth (2)   Total assets (3)
(in millions, except percentages)
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. (4)(5)   June 2000   Holding company   100.00   %   4   133   135
ICICI Securities Inc. (4)(5)   June 2000   Securities brokerage   100.00   %   326   520   616
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   July 2000   Life insurance   50.89   %   654,865   136,312   (6)   3,197,349
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   October 2000   General insurance   51.26   %   370,709   160,723   (6)   761,109
ICICI Bank UK PLC   February 2003   Banking   100.00   %   13,280   33,930   276,102
ICICI Bank Canada   September 2003   Banking   100.00   %   14,860   33,318   333,931
ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited (7)   April 2009   Pension fund management and Points of Presence   100.00   %   440   731   845
I-Process Services (India) Limited   April 2005   Manpower support services   100.00   %   9,063   996   2,147

(1)   Total income represents gross income from operations and other income of the entity.

(2)   Net worth represents share capital/unit capital (in case of venture capital funds), share application money and reserves and surplus
of the entity.

(3)   Total assets represent fixed assets, advances, investments and gross current assets (including cash and bank balances) of the entity.

(4)   Number as per respective entity Ind AS financial statements pursuant to migration to Ind AS by these entities.

(5)   ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. and ICICI Securities Inc. are a wholly-owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Limited.

(6)   Includes share capital, share application money-pending allotment, securities premium and fair value reserve.

(7)   On January 12, 2026, the Bank acquired 100.0% shareholding in ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited and consequently ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank.

*   On March 25, 2026, ICICI Strategic Investments Fund has redeemed all its unit capital and accordingly ICICI Strategic Investments
Fund ceased to be a consolidating entity as per Accounting Standard 21.

104

Table of Contents

At year-end fiscal 2026, all of our subsidiaries
and joint ventures were incorporated in India, except the following five companies:

ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., incorporated in the United
States;

ICICI Securities Inc., incorporated in the United States;

ICICI Bank UK PLC, incorporated in the United Kingdom;

ICICI Bank Canada, incorporated in Canada; and

ICICI International Limited, incorporated in Mauritius.

ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.

ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. and ICICI Securities Inc. are consolidated in ICICI Securities Limited’s financial statements.

The following table sets forth certain information
on our affiliates at year-end fiscal 2026.

Name (1)   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership interest   Total income (2)   Net worth (3)   Total assets (4)
(in millions, except percentages)
India Infradebt Limited 5   October 2012   Infrastructure re-finance   42.33   %   28,214   41,787   328,654
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   February 2007   Software company   19.02   %   Rs.   640   Rs.   1,134   Rs.   1,385

(1)   These entities have been accounted for as per the equity method
as prescribed by AS 23 on ‘Accounting for Investments in Associates in Consolidated Financial Statements’.

(2)   Total income represents gross income from operations and other income of the entity.

(3)   Net worth represents share capital/unit capital (in case of venture capital funds) and reserves and surplus of the entity.

(4)   Total assets represent fixed assets, advances, investments and gross current assets (including cash and bank balances) of the entity.

(5)   Number as per respective entity Ind AS financial statements.

(6)   On April 17, 2025, FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited
ceased to be an associate of the Bank.

(7)   On June 11, 2025, NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance
Training Limited ceased to be an associate of the Bank.

(8)   On July 03, 2025, India Advantage Fund - III and India Advantage
Fund - IV ceased to be associates of the Bank.

Technology

Technology organization

Dedicated technology teams are responsible for
the implementation and support of technology platforms and solutions used across various business functions. There are specific technology
verticals which are focused on specialized technology functions such as core, data, workflows, intelligence, customer engagement, employee
engagement and federation. The technology infrastructure team is responsible for facilitating the technology infrastructure across data
centers, networks and cloud infrastructure. The Technology Management Group is a team which is responsible for the technology strategy
of the Bank including implementation of enterprise architecture. Our startup engagement and investment team seeks to leverage innovation
in the startup and technology ecosystem.

105

Table of Contents

In fiscal 2026, we continued to invest in key
technology solutions that enhance our business and operational capabilities. Our technology priorities are driven by our objective of
improving customer digital experiences across multiple touchpoints, including by revamping our internet-facing and mobile interfaces.
We are focused on platform integration to enable seamless onboarding and faster processing, along with the in-housing of applications
to strengthen monitoring and security controls. We are consistently upgrading and strengthening our technology infrastructure with a goal
to maintain a secure, stable and resilient infrastructure and improve operational efficiency. Business process optimization is occurring
through adoption of intelligent automation platforms including robotic processes and Optical Character Recognition capabilities, which
has enabled efficiency across business and operational functions. These have brought about faster turnaround time as well as enabling
increased capacity for handling transaction volumes and customer requirements. As part of our technology strategy, we focus on creating
an enterprise architecture framework across digital platforms, data and analytics, micro services-based architecture, cloud computing,
AI and other emerging technologies. This is based on the founding pillars of scalability, resilience and security, and creating delightful
and digitally native customer experiences to enable sustainable profitable growth. The key priorities that dominate our technology requirements
include our technology platforms, embedded banking, cloud adoption and data platforms and analytics.

We have a dedicated Data Science and Analytics
Group that works across business areas on projects relating to business analytics, decision strategies, forecasting models, machine learning,
rule engines and performance monitoring. We maintain a comprehensive enterprise-wide data warehouse and employ statistical and modelling
tools for leading-edge analytics.

In driving an innovation and start-up mindset,
we have set up an Innovation Centre to collaborate with and invest in fintech startups and co-develop products aligned with the Bank’s
digital roadmap. The engagements with the startups are focused on payments, digital lending, customer experience, risk management and
platforms.

Digital platforms and journeys for retail
customers

Our retail internet banking platform and our mobile
banking application, iMobile, are designed to meet the overall needs of our customers. We are redesigning our digital interfaces across
internet banking platforms, website and mobile applications to deliver simple, intuitive and visually consistent journeys.

The revamped iMobile and retail internet
banking platforms, focus on simplifying digital journeys across key banking services such as accounts, deposits, loans, cards and payments. In
addition, our public websites across geographies have been redesigned to deliver a consistent user experience aligned with the ‘One
Bank, One Experience’ approach. The introduction of the
‘bank.in’
domain
(on the Bank’s India website) strengthens digital security by providing a verified banking identity. We have introduced a
‘mandate management’ feature on our mobile application. This functionality allows customers to manage payment mandates across
Unified Payments Interface (“UPI”), cards, and bank accounts through a single dashboard, with seamless options to create,
pause, modify, and delete mandates. Security feature of the iMobile app, such as SmartLock allows its customers to temporarily block/unblock
various banking channels such as UPI, internet banking, iMobile app and debit/credit cards, all with a single click enhancing security.
ICICI Bank’s mobile app strategy aims to deliver a convenient, secure and personalized banking experience.

iLens, ICICI Bank’s lending solution, is an integrated loan processing
platform for retail loans. It is an end-to-end digital lending platform covering the entire loan life cycle, starting from onboarding
to disbursement with the objective of providing seamless transaction experience and enhanced operational

106

Table of Contents

efficiency. During fiscal 2026, auto loans and farm equipment financing
were also added on the iLens platform in addition to mortgage loans, personal loans, education loans and credit cards. By consolidating
multiple retail lending products onto a single platform, iLens enables the Bank to deliver a simplified, consistent and scalable lending
experience across the Customer 360-degree ecosystem.

Digital payments and partnerships

We have continued to strengthen our efforts in
creating a seamless digital journey with user-friendly experiences. Partnerships with technology companies and platforms with large customer
bases and operational excellence offer unique opportunities for growth and enhancing service delivery and customer experience.

FASTag is an electronic toll collection system
in India operated by the National Highways Authority of India through prepaid radio frequency identification tags. We are one of the leading
banks in electronic toll collection on highways through FASTag. We have not only pioneered the usage of FASTag for toll payments at various
national and state highways but also expanded the usage of FASTag for parking payments at airports, malls, and tech parks across the country.

We have partnerships with various leading companies
to offer co-branded credit cards. The traction in credit card is being driven by effective portfolio management, facilitated by digital
customer onboarding processes.

Digital platforms and solutions for rural
customers

We use imagery from observation satellites to
measure an array of parameters related to the land, irrigation and crop patterns which is used in combination with demographic and financial
parameters to make expeditious lending decisions for farmers. This has helped in reducing the time for credit assessment.

Technology in debt service management

Our debt servicing practice has been built
on the core of leveraging technology and advanced data analytics that enables us to reach customer using non-intrusive channels at
an optimal cost. We cover over 35% of our early defaults through risk-based models using contactless channels i.e. interactive voice
bot, smart interactive voice response (IVR) calls, WhatsApp and short messaging service (SMS) campaigns in more than 14 languages.
We have been using various digital payment solution that help collect over 85% of payments digitally. For our rural portfolio, we
use satellite-based images and data algorithms to monitor crop health progress and accordingly align our efforts and resources,
which help enhance our collection efficiencies.

Digital platforms and journeys for business banking customers,
merchant ecosystem and ecommerce ecosystem

Our digital platform, InstaBIZ, is a one-stop
solution for all business banking needs. The application enables customers to access banking and related services through a single interface,
including payments, collections, trade transactions, current account services, merchant collections, business lending solutions and trade
finance services. The application supports digital banking services for MSMEs, entrepreneurs and other business customers, and includes
functionalities designed to support business banking and transaction management requirements. The SmartLock feature allows the customers
to temporarily block/unblock various banking channels such as UPI, internet banking, iMobile app and debit/credit cards, all with a single
click enhancing security.

107

Table of Contents

DigiEase is a digital onboarding platform for
business banking customers to provide a seamless onboarding experience. The platform leverages integration with various public data infrastructure
under single workflow for seamless retrieval and validation of data digitally, ensuring data reliability and operational efficiency with
reduced turnaround time. The platform aims to provide complete visibility across every stage of the customer journey, beginning with onboarding,
continuing through sanctioning and disbursement and extending into portfolio monitoring. During fiscal 2026, the Bank introduced enhancements
to strengthen the platform’s usability and operational oversight, including the launch of the DigiEase mobile flow to improve accessibility
for sourcing channels, guidance notes across tabs to support smoother case initiation and a supervisory dashboard for efficient proposal
tracking.

Trade Online platform is a comprehensive digital
platform that enables customers to undertake most of their trade finance and foreign exchange transactions online and manage regulatory
compliance digitally. The platform facilitates wide range of services such as regularization of bill of entry and export bills, accessing
letters of credit and bank guarantees including fixed deposits backed, export credit facility, and facilitating import and export bill
collections digitally. We have enhanced its Trade API suite with additional security features to support our growing trade ecosystem.
By integrating directly with clients’ enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) systems, the Trade API suite enables automated
transaction initiation and reconciliation, elimination of manual intervention, and significant reduction in processing time, thereby offering
clients a faster, secure, and seamless experience.

Our strategy in the merchant ecosystem space focuses
on onboarding merchants with known and assessable credit worthiness through our comprehensive acquiring platforms including Point of Sale
(“POS”), UPI, payment gateway and payout solutions. To support this strategy, the Bank has made strategic investments in building
in-house merchant acquiring platform. This platform empowers retailers, online businesses and large e-commerce firms with omni-channel
collection and payment capabilities, seamlessly integrated with the Bank. The platform also enables the Bank to integrate the latest available
payment devices, ensuring merchants have access to technology for enhanced transaction experiences. We are continuously enhancing our
merchant product suite in a fast-evolving competitive landscape to meet the dynamic needs of our customers. Additionally, merchants benefit
from connected banking services, which enable instant reconciliation by seamlessly integrated banking with their accounting systems.

The e-commerce ecosystem lends opportunities for
us to offer digital solutions to customers and merchants selling their goods through e-commerce websites. Our ‘Cardless Equated
Monthly Instalment’ facility enables our pre-approved customers to convert their transactions into equated monthly installments
at the check-out section of the e-commerce website or mobile application. Some key solutions offered to e-commerce entities and their
sellers include an overdraft facility, composite pay APIs enabling payments through various channels, foreign currency fixed deposit,
working capital and easy payment solutions. For customers utilizing e-commerce platforms, we offer solutions such as digital wallets,
prepaid cards and co-branded credit cards.

Digital platforms and solutions for corporate
and institutional customers and their ecosystems

We offer comprehensive solutions to corporates
in over 20 key industries and their ecosystems, like channel partners, dealers, vendors, employees and other stakeholders, thus bringing
the full range of banking services to the customer. Platforms offered to corporate customers include corporate internet banking, escrow
management, Trade Online and FX Online, and other platforms. To digitize trade transactions, the Bank has strengthened its trade API suite
which leverages advanced multithreading technology and offers customers a faster, secure and seamless experience. Our focus is to develop

108

Table of Contents

simplified digital solutions across the value chain that enhance customer
journey, ensure regulatory compliance, improve operational efficiency and transparency, and reduce overall time taken.

The Digi-Escrow platform modernizes traditional
escrow services by offering a seamless digital experience. The Bank is also enhancing journeys on cash management and trade digital platforms.

The Bank is offering solutions
to meet the growing requirements of corporates for scalable and efficient supply chain finance solutions through its comprehensive suite
of digital platforms. Our platforms such as OneSCF, FSCM, CorpConnect and DigitalLite deliver comprehensive digital solutions for onboarding
supply chain partners, enable dealer/vendor financing in seamless manner, providing end-to-end visibility from payments to collections,
automated data reconciliation and real-time dashboards in a secure and paperless transaction environment. These solutions also streamline
credit assessments using smart engines that incorporate GST data, bureau checks and AI-driven algorithms.

Our treasury-trading infrastructure has an internet
protocol telephony-based architecture. We have enhanced our existing process of automation in the treasury business, thus reducing trading
risks and enhancing market competitiveness. The iTreasury feature on our corporate internet banking platforms offers a unified, intuitive,
one-view dashboard to corporates to meet their treasury requirements.

Technology in customer relationship management

iCRM is a comprehensive cross-functional unified
customer relationship management platform across internal stakeholders such as business centers, product teams and service centers. The
platform connects ICICI Bank employees to data and key customer information across the Bank. Designed for both web and mobile platforms,
it presents a holistic view of customer engagement history in a consolidated manner, enabling teams to better understand customer needs
and preferences and offer suitable banking solutions.

Data Center and Disaster Recovery System

We have two captive data centers designed to optimize
energy efficiency and support high server densities. In addition, we maintain a nearby co-located facility in the same area, which acts
as a near-site recovery point for critical systems. We also have a separate disaster recovery data center. Furthermore, we are enhancing
our overall capacity through new data centers, hosted at co-location facilities.

Additionally, our IT infrastructure is hosted
on public cloud platforms and supports critical aspects of our business, including data storage, computing capacity, and software delivery.
These systems are monitored around the clock to detect anomalies and ensure prompt incident response. Disaster recovery drills, including
failover and failback exercises, are conducted at regular intervals to ascertain the readiness of our systems and validate recovery time
and point objectives. We have developed business continuity plans that support the continued operation of critical business functions
during a disaster. These plans are aligned with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India and have been approved by our Board.
These plans are tested periodically to ensure effectiveness.

Artificial Intelligence

We expanded the use of AI and generative AI to
enhance customer communication, improve efficiency and support decision-making across business and operational functions. We continue
to invest in AI use cases across areas such as portfolio monitoring, customer onboarding, fraud detection, document extraction and summarization,
content generation and customer servicing, among others. These capabilities empower us to gain data insights, improve productivity, achieve
faster turnaround time and deliver seamless banking experiences. The Bank has established a structured and disciplined approach to

109

Table of Contents

scale AI, with a focus on long-term value creation, risk management
and enterprise-wide adoption. The Bank has invested in an enterprise AI platform, which serves as a secure environment for the development,
hosting and deployment of AI and generative AI use cases. This architecture enables effective oversight over data, models and technology
infrastructure, while facilitating controlled experimentation and scalable deployment of approved use cases.

Our approach places emphasis on information security,
data privacy and responsible AI governance. We have implemented a comprehensive framework of guardrails, including defining ringfenced
areas for AI usage, human-in-the-loop oversight, stringent data access controls and effective model governance protocols.

Competition

We face competition in all our principal areas
of business from Indian and foreign commercial banks, housing finance companies, non-banking financial companies, new differentiated banks
in the private sector such as payments banks and small finance banks, non-bank entities offering retail payments and other services, mutual
funds and investment banks. We seek to gain competitive advantage over our competitors by offering products and services that are in the
interest of our customers, using technology, building customer relationships, enhancing distribution in a seamless manner and developing
an aligned team of highly motivated and skilled employees. We evaluate our competitive position separately in respect of our products
and services for retail and corporate customers.

Commercial banks in India meet the short-term
financial needs, or working capital requirements, of industry, trade and agriculture, provide long-term financing to sectors like infrastructure
and provide retail loan products.

Commercial Banking Products and Services
for Retail Customers

In the retail markets, competition has traditionally
been from foreign and Indian commercial banks, non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies. In recent years, competition
is also emerging from new types of banks that have entered the financial market such as small finance banks and payments banks and non-bank
entities offering payments and other services.

Non-financial companies, particularly international
technology companies including large e-commerce players, fintech and internet-based service providers, are increasing their presence in
the financial sector and are offering payment platforms and select services. We are currently partnering with some of these entities to
jointly offer payment and credit products and services. Some or all of these entities, which have substantially more resources than us
and other Indian banks, may eventually seek a larger share of the banking and financial services market in India. ICICI Bank is also undertaking
various initiatives in developing an enhanced technology architecture such as a focus on platforms and digitization, continuous investments
in innovations and security features to be able to respond to the needs of customers with agility.

We seek to compete in the retail market through
a comprehensive product portfolio and effective distribution channels, which include digital channels, branches and partnerships. We seek
to build a localized understanding of market requirements through micro-market and ecosystem insights to develop an efficient distribution
and resource allocation strategy. We offer a comprehensive suite of products and services to customers. These include savings, investment,
credit and protection products based on customer needs, along with convenient payment and transaction banking services.

110

Table of Contents

Commercial Banking Products and Services
for Agricultural and Rural Customers

In our commercial banking operations for agricultural
and rural customers, we face competition from public sector banks that have large branch networks in rural India. Other private sector
banks and non-banking finance companies have also increased their focus on rural markets. We also face competition from specialized players
such as rural-focused financial institutions, regional rural banks and micro-finance companies. The Reserve Bank of India has issued licenses
to specialized small finance banks, which have higher directed lending targets compared to banks and will compete in the rural and unorganized
sectors. We seek to compete in this business based on our product strategy, capturing ecosystems, technological capabilities and having
multiple channels and an approach to holistically meet the financial needs of customers in this segment.

Commercial Banking Products and Services
for Corporate Customers

We seek to compete in this segment based on our
service and prompt turnaround time as well as the improvement in our funding base and optimization in our funding cost in recent years
which enables us to participate profitably in higher rated corporate credit. We seek to compete with the large branch networks of the
public sector banks through our multi-channel distribution, ecosystem branches and technology-driven delivery capabilities.

We compete with foreign banks in cross-border
trade finance based on our wider geographical reach in India relative to foreign banks and our technology-based customized trade financing
solutions enabling most transactions to be undertaken digitally. We leverage our balance sheet size, wider branch network, technological
capabilities and our international presence to compete in treasury-related products and services.

Other private sector banks also compete in the
corporate banking market on the basis of efficiency, service delivery and technology. However, we believe that our size, capital base,
established corporate relationships, wider geographical reach and ability to use technology to provide innovative, value-added products
and services provide us with a competitive edge.

Commercial Banking Products and Services
for International Customers

In our international operations, we face competition
from Indian public sector banks with overseas operations, foreign banks with products and services targeted at non-resident Indians and
Indian businesses and other service providers such as remittance services. Foreign banks have become more competitive in providing financing
to Indian businesses leveraging their strength of access to lower cost foreign currency funds. We seek to position ourselves as an Indian
bank offering products and services focused on non-resident Indians, capturing the ecosystem of multi-national corporates and India-linked
trade and funds corridors with an extensive distribution network in India, to gain competitive advantage. We seek to leverage our technology
capabilities developed in our domestic businesses to offer convenience and efficient services to our international customers. We also
seek to leverage our established relationships with Indian corporations in our international business.

Insurance and Asset Management

Our insurance and asset management businesses
face competition from existing dominant public sector players as well as dominant private sector players. We believe that our subsidiaries,
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited, have built product, distribution and risk management capabilities, achieving competitive market positions in their respective
businesses. We

111

Table of Contents

believe that the ability to leverage ICICI Bank’s retail franchise
and distribution network is a key competitive advantage for our insurance and asset management subsidiaries.

Employees

At year-end fiscal 2026, we had 174,666 employees,
including employees on fixed-term contracts and interns. Of these, ICICI Bank employed 124,324 employees at year-end fiscal 2026. Of our
174,666 employees at year-end fiscal 2026, 118,362 were professionally qualified – graduate/postgraduate, holding degrees in management,
accountancy, engineering, law, computer science, economics or banking.

We dedicate a significant amount of senior management
time to ensuring that employees remain highly motivated and are aligned to the organization’s core employee proposition. Employee
compensation is linked to performance of the Bank and we encourage the involvement of our employees in the overall performance and profitability
of the Bank. Performance and succession planning systems have been instrumental in assisting management in career development. Management
believes that it has good working relationships with its employees.

ICICI Bank pays performance-linked retention pay
to its front-line employees and junior management and performance bonus to its middle and senior management. Performance-linked retention
pay aims to reward front-line and junior managers mainly on the basis of skill maturity attained through experience and continuity in
role which is a key differentiator for customer services. The Bank uses a higher proportion of variable pay at senior levels and lower
variable pay at front-line staff and junior management levels. The quantum of bonus for an employee does not exceed a certain percentage
of the total fixed pay in a year. Within this percentage, if the bonus exceeds a predefined limit, a part of the bonus is deferred and
paid over a period. Senior managers and employees in senior management are also given employee stock options as variable pay. The deferred
portion of variable pay pertaining to the assessment year or previous year/s (as defined in the policy) is subject to malus, under which
the Bank prevents vesting of all or part or none of the unvested variable pay in the event of the assessed divergence in the Bank’s
provisioning for non-performing assets or in the event of a reasonable evidence of deterioration in financial performance or in the event
of gross misconduct or in the event of a financial restatement and/or other acts as mentioned in the compensation policy. In such cases
(other than assessed divergence), variable pay already paid out may also be subjected to clawback arrangements, as defined in the compensation
policy. See also “
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Employee Stock Option Scheme
”.

ICICI Bank has training centers, where various
training programs designed to meet the changing skill requirements of its employees are conducted. These training programs include orientation
sessions for new employees and management development programs for mid-level and senior executives. The training centers regularly offer
courses conducted by faculty, both national and international, drawn from industry, academia and ICICI Bank’s own organization.
Training programs are also conducted for developing functional as well as managerial skills. Products and operations training are also
conducted through web-based training modules. ICICI Bank has focused on providing blended learning solutions to its employees. Digital
and behavioral learning interventions have been introduced along with functional trainings for various business groups in retail, wholesale,
transaction banking and others. These programs are customized and presented after detailed need analysis based on role, vintage and functions.
The Bank has worked for creating a structure where every role under each business unit has suitable learning programs.

In addition to basic compensation, employees of
ICICI Bank are eligible to receive loans from ICICI Bank at subsidized rates and to participate in its provident fund and other employee
benefit plans. See

112

Table of Contents

also “
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors
and Officers—Employee Stock Option Scheme
”.

Properties

Our existing registered office is located at ICICI
Bank Tower, Near Chakli Circle, Old Padra Road, Vadodara 390 007, Gujarat, India. Our corporate headquarters are located at ICICI Bank
Towers, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400051, Maharashtra, India.

ICICI Bank had a domestic branch network consisting
of 7,511 branches, 12,087 ATMs and cash recycler machines at March 31, 2026 as compared to 6,983 branches, 16,285 ATMs and cash recycler
machines at March 31, 2025. In addition to branches, extension counters and ATMs, ICICI Bank has 63 administrative offices, including
our registered office at Vadodara and our corporate headquarters at Mumbai, 67 processing centers and 45 currency chests.

We also provide residential facilities to employees
in India. At March 31, 2026, we owned 451 apartments for providing residential facilities to our employees.

Legal and Regulatory Proceedings

We are involved in various litigations and are
subject to a wide variety of banking and financial services laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We
are also subject to a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of these jurisdictions. We are involved in a number
of legal proceedings and regulatory relationships in the ordinary course of our business, some of which have resulted in penalties imposed
on and paid by us in the past.

Penalties imposed by the Reserve Bank of India
from April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026.

·   Reserve Bank of India has, by an order dated April 29, 2025, imposed a monetary penalty of Rs. 10 million
(Rupees Ten million only) on ICICI Bank Ltd. (the bank) for non-compliance with certain directions issued by Reserve Bank of India on
‘Cybersecurity Framework in Banks’, ‘KYC’, and ‘Credit Card and Debit Card – Issuance and Conduct’.
This penalty has been imposed in exercise of powers conferred on Reserve Bank of India under the provisions of Section 47A(1)(c) read
with Section 46(4)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. The Bank  paid the penalty on May 9, 2025.

·   Reserve Bank of India has by an order dated August 7, 2025, imposed a monetary penalty of Rs. 8 million
(Rupees Eight million only) on ICICI Bank Ltd. (the Bank) for non-compliance with certain directions issued by Reserve Bank of India on
‘Valuation of Properties - Empanelment of Valuers’ and ‘Opening of Current Accounts by Banks – Need for discipline’.
This penalty has been imposed in exercise of powers conferred on Reserve Bank of India under the provisions of Section 47A(1)(c) read
with Section 46(4)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. The Bank  paid the penalty on August 20, 2025.

The Bank also adheres to the AML requirements
as specified by the regulators of respective geographies. The Bank’s AML framework is subject to audit by the Internal Audit Department
and their observations are reported to the Audit Committee at regular intervals.

The Bank and its Ex-Managing Director & CEO received a show cause notice in fiscal 2018, requiring responses
on matters relating to alleged non-compliance with certain provisions of the erstwhile Listing Agreement and the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. Subsequently, SEBI issued a modified show cause notice to the Bank in fiscal 2021, response
to which was duly submitted. During fiscal 2025, SEBI issued a show cause notice to the Bank revising the earlier show cause notice with
respect to the provisions of penalty applicable and decoupled the Bank’s matter from that of the Ex-Managing Director & CEO.
The Bank has submitted its response to SEBI and appeared for personal hearing. The matter is currently pending.

113

Table of Contents

Contingent tax liability

For several years, the tax authorities in the
Government of India have demanded the Bank make payments of income tax, interest tax, service tax, goods and services tax and sales tax/value
added tax. At year-end fiscal 2026, we had appealed or were in the process of filing an appeal against each of these tax demands. Based
on consultation with counsel, decisions in other similarly situated cases and ICICI Group’s internal assessment, our management
believed that the tax authorities were not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments and, accordingly, we had not provided
for these tax demands at year-end fiscal 2026. These tax demands were treated as tax contingencies. At year-end fiscal 2026, our contingent
tax liability was assessed at an aggregate of Rs. 148.5 billion. For a discussion of the details the tax demands and the relevant accounting
treatments, please refer to Note [14] to our consolidated financial statements, which is included in this annual report.

Litigation

A number of litigations and claims against ICICI
Bank and its directors are pending in various forums. The claims on ICICI Bank mainly arise in connection with civil cases involving allegations
of service deficiencies, property or labor disputes, fraudulent transactions, economic offences and other cases filed in the normal course
of business. We are also subject to counterclaims arising in connection with our enforcement of contracts and loans. A provision is created
where an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. In view of the inherent unpredictability
of litigation and for cases where the claim amount sought is substantial, the actual cost of resolving litigations may be substantially
different from the provision held.

We held a total provision of Rs. 1,079 million
at year-end fiscal 2026 for 633 cases with claims totaling to Rs. 2.0 billion, where an unfavorable outcome was deemed probable and in
respect of which a reliable estimate could be made.

For cases where an unfavorable outcome is deemed
to be reasonably possible but not probable, the amount of claims is included in contingent liabilities. At year-end fiscal 2026, such
claims amounted to a total of Rs. 3.1 billion relating to 98 cases. It was not possible to estimate the possible loss or range of possible
losses for these cases due to the nature of the cases and other external factors. For cases where the possibility of an unfavorable outcome
is deemed remote, we have not made a provision, nor have we included the amount of the claims in these cases in contingent liabilities.

114

Table of Contents

In some instances, civil litigants have named
our directors as co-defendants in legal proceedings against ICICI Bank. There were 40 such cases at year-end fiscal 2026. Management believes,
based on consultation with counsel, that the claims and counterclaims filed against us in the above legal proceedings that are assessed
as remote are frivolous and untenable and their ultimate resolution will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition or liquidity. Based on a review of other litigations by Legal Group, management believes that the outcome of such
other matters will also not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

At year-end fiscal 2026, there were 161 ongoing
litigations (including those where the likelihood of our incurring liability is assessed as “probable”, “possible”
and “remote”), each involving a claim of Rs. 10 million or more against us, with an aggregate amount of Rs. 779.8 billion
(to the extent quantifiable and including amounts claimed jointly and severally from us and other parties).

We cannot predict the timing or form of any future
regulatory or law enforcement initiatives, which we note are increasingly common for international banks, but we would expect to co-operate
with any such regulatory investigation or proceeding.

American Depositary Receipt Fees and Payments

Fees and Charges Payable by Holders of our
ADSs

The fees and charges payable by holders of our
ADSs include the following:

·   a fee not in excess of US$ 5.00 per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) is charged for the issuance of ADSs including issuances resulting
from distributions of shares, share dividends, share splits, bonuses and rights distributions;

·   a fee not in excess of US$ 5.00 per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) is charged for the surrender of ADSs in exchange for the underlying
deposited securities;

·   a fee not in excess of US$ 5.00 per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) is charged for distribution of cash dividends, cash entitlements
and/or cash proceeds, including proceeds from the sale of rights, securities and other entitlements; and

·   a fee for the distribution of the deposited securities pursuant to the deposit agreement, such fee being an amount equal to the fee
for the execution and delivery of ADSs referred to in item (i) above which would have been charged as a result of the deposit of such
securities, but which securities were instead distributed by the depositary, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, to ADR holders.

Additionally, under the terms of our deposit agreement,
the depositary is entitled to charge each registered holder the following:

·   taxes and other governmental charges incurred by the depositary or the custodian on any ADS or an equity share underlying an ADS including
any applicable penalties thereon;

115

Table of Contents

·   transfer or registration fees for the registration or transfer of deposited securities on any applicable register in connection with
the deposit or withdrawal of deposited securities, including those of a central depository for securities (where applicable);

·   any cable, telex, facsimile transmission and delivery expenses incurred by the depositary; and

·   customary expenses incurred by the depositary in the conversion of foreign currency, including, without limitation, expenses incurred
on behalf of registered holders in connection with compliance with foreign exchange control restrictions and other applicable regulatory
requirements, together with all expenses, transfer and registration fees, taxes, duties, governmental or other charges payable by the
depositary.

In the case of cash distributions, fees are generally
deducted from the cash being distributed. Other fees may be collected from holders of ADSs in a manner determined by the depositary with
respect to ADSs registered in the name of investors (whether certificated or in book-entry form) and ADSs held in brokerage and custodian
accounts (via DTC). In the case of distributions other than cash (i.e., stock dividends, etc.), the depositary charges the applicable
ADS record date holder concurrently with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of the investor (whether certificated
or in book-entry form), the depositary sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders.

If any tax or other governmental charge is payable
by the holders and/or beneficial owners of ADSs to the depositary, the depositary, the custodian or the Bank may withhold or deduct from
any distributions made in respect of deposited securities and may sell for the account of the holder and/or beneficial owner any or all
of the deposited securities and apply such distributions and sale proceeds in payment of such taxes (including applicable interest and
penalties) or charges, with the holder and the beneficial owner thereof remaining fully liable for any deficiency.

Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary

Under the amendment to an agreement previously
entered into with the depositary, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the depositary pays certain amounts to us and waives fees and
expenses for services provided in exchange for the Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas acting as the depositary for the ADR program.
We may use these payments to cover annual expenses incurred by the Bank towards investor relations or other expenses related to the ongoing
maintenance of the ADR program. The amount of payment to us is tied to the amount of fees the depository collects from ADR holders, with
certain exceptions. The ADR program fee (net of withholding tax and other outstanding invoice) received in fiscal 2026 is US$ 4.2 million.

116

Table of Contents

Selected
Statistical Information

The following information
should be read together with our financial statements included in this report as well as “Management Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations”.

Average Balance Sheet

The average balances are
the sum of daily average balances outstanding. The yield on average interest-earning assets is the ratio of interest earned to average
interest-earning assets. The cost of average interest-bearing liabilities is the ratio of interest expended to average interest-bearing
liabilities. The average balances of advances include non-performing advances and are net of allowance for loan losses. We have re-calculated
tax-exempt income on a tax-equivalent basis. Other interest income, which includes interest on tax refunds and income from swaps has been
bifurcated into rupee and foreign currency amounts in order to facilitate the explanation of movements of rupee and foreign currency spreads
and margins. These swaps are not part of our trading portfolio and are undertaken by us to manage the market risk arising from our assets
and liabilities.

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the average balances of the assets and liabilities, which contribute to the major components of interest
earned, interest expended and net interest income.

Year
    ended March 31,
2024   2025   2026
Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/cost   Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/ cost   Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Assets:
Advances:
Rupee   Rs.   11,017,318   Rs.   1,108,708   10.06   %   Rs.   12,747,775   Rs.   1,272,610   9.98   %   Rs.   14,127,734   Rs.   1,331,960   9.43   %
Foreign currency   976,161   57,190   5.86   1,011,729   59,827   5.91   946,237   46,083   4.87
Total advances   11,993,479   1,165,898   9.72   13,759,504   1,332,437   9.68   15,073,971   1,378,043   9.14
Investments:
Investments in Government securities:
Rupee   4,471,598   316,780   7.08   5,170,395   372,849   7.21   5,303,926   374,088   7.05
Foreign currency   45,013   1,391   3.09   38,601   1,290   3.34   50,271   1,487   2.96
Total investment in Government securities   4,516,611   318,171   7.04   5,208,996   374,139   7.18   5,354,197   375,575   7.01
Other investments:
Rupee   875,898   57,784   6.60   1,456,207   94,060   6.46   1,813,752   116,523   6.42
Foreign currency   109,792   5,223   4.76   98,455   4,955   5.03   109,073   4,933   4.52
Total other investments   985,690   63,007   6.39   1,554,662   99,015   6.37   1,922,825   121,456   6.32
Total investments:
Rupee   5,347,496   374,566   7.00   6,626,602   466,909   7.05   7,117,679   490,611   6.89
Foreign currency   154,805   6,614   4.27   137,056   6,245   4.56   159,343   6,420   4.03
Total investments   5,502,301   381,180   6.93   6,763,658   473,154   7.00   7,277,022   497,031   6.83
Other interest-earning assets:
Lending with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   35,360   2,249   6.36   46,402   2,928   6.31   56,733   3,024   5.33
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

117

Table of Contents

Year
    ended March 31,
2024   2025   2026
Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/cost   Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/ cost   Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/ cost
(in millions,
    except percentages)
Total lending with the Reserve Bank of India   35,360   2,249   6.36   46,402   2,928   6.31   56,733   3,024   5.33
Repo lending:
Rupee   95,537   6,494   6.80   106,623   6,977   6.54   110,468   6,222   5.63
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total repo lending   95,537   6,494   6.80   106,623   6,977   6.54   110,468   6,222   5.63
Deposits in other banks:
Rupee   88,682   6,336   7.14   135,374   10,255   7.58   166,877   11,480   6.88
Foreign currency   154,610   9,780   6.33   229,839   12,201   5.31   410,504   17,910   4.36
Total deposits in other banks   243,292   16,116   6.62   365,213   22,456   6.15   577,381   29,390   5.09
Other assets:
Rupee   792,694   6,236   0.79   804,332   7,301   0.91   689,177   5,140   0.75
Foreign currency   182,952   6,831   3.73   207,346   7,604   3.67   291,200   8,478   2.91
Total other assets   975,646   13,067   1.34   1,011,678   14,905   1.47   980,377   13,618   1.39
Total other interest-earning assets:
Rupee   1,012,273   21,315   2.11   1,092,731   27,461   2.51   1,023,255   25,866   2.53
Foreign currency   337,562   16,611   4.92   437,185   19,805   4.53   701,704   26,388   3.76
Total other interest-earning assets   1,349,835   37,926   2.81   1,529,916   47,266   3.09   1,724,959   52,254   3.03
Other interest income:
Rupee   7,886   9,643   19,686
Foreign currency   2,380   942   5,315
Total other interest income   10,266   10,585   25,001
Interest-earning assets:
Rupee   17,377,087   1,512,475   8.70   20,467,108   1,776,623   8.68   22,268,668   1,868,123   8.39
Foreign currency   1,468,528   82,795   5.64   1,585,970   86,819   5.47   1,807,284   84,206   4.66
Total interest-earning assets   18,845,615   1,595,270   8.46   22,053,078   1,863,442   8.45   24,075,952   1,952,329   8.11
Fixed assets   117,172   142,321   165,445
Other
    assets   2,422,172   2,732,224   2,551,027
Total non-earning assets   2,539,344   2,874,545   2,716,472
Total
    assets   Rs.   21,384,959   Rs.   1,595,270   Rs.   24,927,623   Rs.   1,863,442   Rs.   26,792,424   Rs.   1,952,329
Liabilities:
Savings account deposits:
Rupee   Rs.   3,576,469   Rs.   113,510   3.17   Rs.   3,940,259   Rs.   124,488   3.16   Rs.   4,238,350   110,187   2.60
Foreign currency   49,249   1,348   2.74   44,087   1,313   2.98   51,277   1,133   2.21
Total savings account deposits   3,625,718   114,858   3.17   3,984,346   125,801   3.16   4,289,627   111,320   2.60
Time deposits:
Rupee   7,266,625   453,667   6.24   8,474,332   565,769   6.68   9,302,868   602,596   6.48
Foreign currency   439,291   19,319   4.40   516,586   24,909   4.82   600,639   25,587   4.26
Total time deposits   7,705,916   472,986   6.14   8,990,918   590,678   6.57   9,903,507   628,183   6.34
Other demand deposits:
Rupee   1,369,772   1,554,323   1,757,078
Foreign currency   162,634   152,537   188,274

118

Table of Contents

Year
    ended March 31,
2024   2025   2026
Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/cost   Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/ cost   Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Total other demand deposits   1,532,406   1,706,860   1,945,352
Total deposits:
Rupee   12,212,866   567,177   4.64   13,968,914   690,257   4.94   15,298,296   712,783   4.66
Foreign currency   651,174   20,667   3.17   713,210   26,222   3.68   840,190   26,720   3.18
Total deposits   12,864,040   587,845   4.57   14,682,124   716,479   4.88   16,138,486   739,503   4.58
Long term borrowings:
Rupee   1,256,389   91,756   7.30   1,322,960   97,847   7.40   994,578   70,753   7.11
Foreign currency   283,052   14,500   5.12   274,068   13,046   4.76   222,812   10,834   4.86
Total long term borrowings   1,539,441   106,256   6.90   1,597,028   110,893   6.94   1,217,390   81,587   6.70
Short-term borrowings:
Borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with
    the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   27,474   1,829   6.66   70,961   4,612   6.50   47,532   2,658   5.59
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   1,027   32   3.12   3,489   78   2.24
Total borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility
    with the Reserve Bank of India   27,474   1,829   6.66   71,988   4,644   6.45   51,021   2,736   5.36
Repo borrowings:
Rupee……………   332,045   21,954   6.61   338,944   21,968   6.48   374,349   20,313   5.43
Foreign currency   4,492   306   6.81   3,522   237   6.73   2,696   116   4.30
Total repo borrowings   336,537   22,260   6.61   342,466   22,205   6.48   377,045   20,429   5.42
Other short term borrowings:
Rupee   178,801   13,743   7.69   338,440   25,765   7.61   563,953   38,503   6.83
Foreign currency   208,785   9,149   4.38   255,309   10,291   4.03   230,889   7,527   3.26
Total other short term borrowings   387,586   22,892   5.91   593,749   36,055   6.07   794,842   46,030   5.79
Short term borrowings:
Rupee   538,320   37,526   6.97   748,345   52,345   6.99   985,834   61,474   6.24
Foreign currency   213,277   9,455   4.43   259,858   10,560   4.06   237,074   7,721   3.26
Total short term borrowings   751,597   46,981   6.25   1,008,203   62,905   6.24   1,222,908   69,195   5.66
Total borrowings:
Rupee   1,794,709   129,282   7.20   2,071,305   150,192   7.25   1,980,412   132,227   6.68
Foreign currency   496,329   23,955   4.83   533,926   23,606   4.42   459,886   18,555   4.03
Total borrowings   2,291,038   153,237   6.69   2,605,231   173,798   6.67   2,440,298   150,782   6.18
Interest-bearing liabilities:
Rupee   14,007,575   696,459   4.97   16,040,219   840,449   5.24   17,278,708   845,010   4.89
Foreign currency   1,147,503   44,622   3.89   1,247,136   49,828   4.00   1,300,076   45,275   3.48
Total interest-bearing liabilities   15,155,078   741,082   4.89   17,287,355   890,277   5.15   18,578,784   890,285   4.79
Other
    liabilities   3,897,917   4,763,941   4,804,647
Total
    liabilities   19,052,995   741,082   22,051,296   890,277   23,383,431   890,285
Stockholders’ equity   2,331,964   2,876,327   3,408,993
Total liabilities and stockholders’
    equity   Rs.   21,384,959   Rs.   741,082   Rs.   24,927,623   Rs.   890,277   Rs.   26,792,424   Rs.   890,285

(1)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where
necessary to conform to current period classification.

119

Table of Contents

Analysis of Changes in Interest Earned and Interest Expended: Volume
and Rate Analysis

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in the components of net interest income. The changes in net interest income between periods
have been reflected as attributed either to volume or rate changes. For the purpose of this table, changes which are due to both volume
and rate have been allocated solely to volume.

Fiscal 2025 vs. Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025
Increase (decrease) due to   Increase (decrease) due to
Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate   Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate
(in millions)
Interest earned:
Advances:
Rupee   163,902   172,751   (8,849   )   59,350   130,102   (70,752   )
Foreign currency   2,637   2,103   534   (13,744   )   (3,190   )   (10,554   )
Total advances   166,539   174,854   (8,315   )   45,606   126,912   (81,306   )
Investment:
Investment in Government securities:
Rupee   56,069   50,392   (5,677   )   1,239   9,418   (8,179   )
Foreign currency   (101   )   (214   )   113   197   345   (148   )
Total investment in Government securities   55,968   50,178   (5,790   )   1,436   9,763   (8,327   )
Other investments:
Rupee   36,276   37,484   (1,208   )   22,463   22,970   (507   )
Foreign currency   (268   )   (571   )   303   (22   )   480   (502   )
Total other investments   36,015   36,913   (905   )   22,441   23,450   (1,009   )
Total investments:
Rupee   92,343   90,126   2,217   23,702   33,849   (10,147   )
Foreign currency   (369   )   (814   )   440   175   898   (723   )
Total investments   91,974   89,312   2,657   23,877   34,747   (10,870   )
Other interest-earning assets:
Lending with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   679   697   (18   )   96   551   (455   )
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total lending with the Reserve Bank of India   679   697   (18   )   96   551   (455   )
Repo lending:
Rupee   483   725   (242   )   (755   )   217   (972   )
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total repo lending   483   725   (242   )   (755   )   217   (972   )
Deposits in other banks:
Rupee   3,919   3,537   382   1,225   2,167   (942   )
Foreign currency   2,421   3,994   (1,573   )   5,709   7,882   (2,173   )
Total deposits in other banks   6,340   7,531   (1,191   )   6,934   10,049   (3,115   )
Other assets:
Rupee   1,065   106   959   (2,161   )   (859   )   (1,302   )
Foreign currency   773   895   (122   )   874   2,441   (1,567   )

120

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2025 vs. Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025
Increase (decrease) due to   Increase (decrease) due to
Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate   Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate
(in millions)
Total other assets   1,838   1,001   837   (1,287   )   1,582   (2,869   )
Other interest-earning assets:
Rupee   6,146   2,022   4,124   (1,595   )   (1,756   )   161
Foreign currency   3,194   4,513   (1,319   )   6,583   9,947   (3,364   )
Total other interest earning assets   9,340   6,535   2,805   4,988   8,191   (3,203   )
Other interest income:
Rupee   1,757   ..   1,757   10,043   ..   10,043
Foreign currency   (1,438   )   ..   (1,438   )   4,373   ..   4,373
Other interest income   319   ..   319   14,416   ..   14,416
Total interest earned:
Rupee   264,148   264,899   (751   )   91,500   162,195   (70,695   )
Foreign currency   4,024   5,802   (1,783   )   (2,613   )   7,655   (10,268   )
Total interest earned   268,172   270,701   (2,534   )   88,887   169,850   (80,963   )
Interest expense:
Savings account deposits:
Rupee   10,978   11,494   (516   )   (14,301   )   7,750   (22,051   )
Foreign currency   (35   )   (154   )   119   (180   )   159   (339   )
Total savings account deposits   10,943   11,340   (397   )   (14,481   )   7,909   (22,390   )
Time deposits:
Rupee   112,102   80,630   31,472   36,827   53,669   (16,842   )
Foreign currency   5,590   3,727   1,863   678   3,581   (2,903   )
Total time deposits   117,692   84,357   33,335   37,505   57,250   (19,745   )
Total deposits:
Rupee   123,080   92,124   30,956   22,526   61,419   (38,893   )
Foreign currency   5,555   3,573   1,982   498   3,740   (3,242   )
Total deposits   128,635   95,697   32,938   23,024   65,159   (42,135   )
Borrowings:
Long term borrowings:
Rupee   6,091   4,924   1,167   (27,094   )   (23,361   )   (3,733   )
Foreign currency   (1,454   )   (428   )   (1,026   )   (2,212   )   (2,492   )   280
Total long term borrowings   4,637   4,496   141   (29,306   )   (25,853   )   (3,453   )
Borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   2,783   2,826   (43   )   (1,954   )   (1,310   )   (644   )
Foreign currency   32   32   ..   46   55   (9   )
Total borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India   2,815   2,858   (43   )   (1,908   )   (1,255   )   (653   )
Repo borrowings:

121

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2025 vs. Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025
Increase (decrease) due to   Increase (decrease) due to
Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate   Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate
(in millions)
Rupee   14   447   (433   )   (1,655   )   1,921   (3,576   )
Foreign currency   (69   )   (65   )   (4   )   (121   )   (36   )   (85   )
Total repo borrowings   (55   )   382   (437   )   (1,776   )   1,885   (3,661   )
Other short term borrowings:
Rupee   12,022   12,153   (131   )   12,738   15,397   (2,659   )
Foreign currency   1,142   1,875   (733   )   (2,764   )   (796   )   (1,968   )
Total other short term borrowings   13,164   14,028   (864   )   9,974   14,601   (4,627   )
Short term borrowings:
Rupee   14,819   15,426   (607   )   9,129   16,008   (6,879   )
Foreign currency   1,105   1,842   (737   )   (2,839   )   (777   )   (2,062   )
Total short term borrowings   15,924   17,268   (1,344   )   6,290   15,231   (8,941   )
Total borrowings:
Rupee   20,910   20,056   854   (17,965   )   (6,069   )   (11,896   )
Foreign currency   (349   )   1,662   (2,011   )   (5,051   )   (2,987   )   (2,064   )
Total borrowings   20,561   21,718   (1,157   )   (23,016   )   (9,056   )   (13,960   )
Total interest expended:
Rupee   143,990   112,180   31,810   4,561   55,350   (50,789   )
Foreign currency   5,206   5,235   (29   )   (4,553   )   753   (5,306   )
Total interest expended   149,196   117,415   31,781   8   56,103   (56,095   )
Net interest income:
Rupee   120,158   152,719   (32,561   )   86,939   106,845   (19,906   )
Foreign currency   (1,182   )   567   (1,754   )   1,940   6,902   (4,962   )
Total net interest income   118,976   153,286   (34,315   )   88,879   113,747   (24,868   )

Investment portfolio

Maturity profile wise yields
on debt securities

The following table sets
forth, at the date indicated, the maturity profile wise yields of our investments in debt securities classified as available-for-sale.
This maturity profile is based on repayment dates and does not reflect re-pricing dates of floating rate investments.

At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2026
Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years   Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years
Corporate debt securities   7.2   %   7.4   %   8.2   %   6.0   %   7.1   %   7.3   %   7.7   %   7.7   %
Government securities   6.6   6.6   7.2   7.1   5.8   5.8   6.5   7.8
Other securities   7.7   8.3   8.3   8.3   7.6   8.2   8.3   8.3
Total debt securities (1)   7.0   %   7.0   %   7.4   %   7.9   %   6.5   %   6.7   %   6.9   %   8.1   %

(1)   Includes securities denominated in different currencies.

(2)   Maturity profile is based on residual maturity from the balance sheet date.

122

Table of Contents

The following table sets
forth, at the date indicated, the maturity profile-wise yields of our investments in debt securities classified as held-to-maturity. This
maturity profile is based on repayment dates and does not reflect re-pricing dates of floating rate investments.

At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2026
Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years   Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years
Corporate debt securities   7.0   %   7.0   %   7.5   %   7.1   %   7.2   %   7.6   %   7.8   %   7.7   %
Government securities   7.4   7.2   7.2   7.0   6.5   7.2   7.1   7.6
Other securities   7.6   ..   ..   ..   6.8   ..   ..   ..
Total debt securities (1)   7.0   %   7.1   %   7.2   %   7.0   %   6.9   %   7.2   %   7.1   %   7.6   %

(1)   Includes securities denominated in different currencies.

(2)   Maturity profile is based on residual maturity from the balance sheet date.

Investment portfolio
of our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries

The following table sets
forth a summary of the investment portfolio of our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries based on the category of investments.

At March 31
Category   2025   2026
(in millions)
Bonds
Banks and financial institutions   Rs.   18,723   Rs.   10,824
Corporate   47,397   61,352
Total bonds   66,120   72,176
Others (1)   5,556   6,164
Total   Rs.   71,676   Rs.   78,340

(1)   Includes investments in certificates of deposits.

Investment in India-linked
securities of corporate entities was 52.6% at year-end fiscal 2026 as compared to 53.0% at year-end fiscal 2025.

The investments in
these securities are governed by the respective investment policies of ICICI Bank and its banking subsidiaries. To mitigate
significant concentrations in credit risk, the investment policy lays down a number of limits that need to be adhered to before
investments can be made. The investment policy lays down rating and issuer wise investment limits at each of these units. Further,
there are counterparty limits for individual banks and financial institutions. Country exposure limits have also been established
for various countries. In addition, ICICI Bank monitors the credit spread risk arising out of such investments, and ICICI Bank UK
PLC has instituted credit spread sensitivity limits on its portfolio. Any exceptions to the above limits are made with due approvals
from the appropriate forums. ICICI Bank has not bought credit protection against any of its international investments.

123

Table of Contents

Investments in corporate and
financial sector debt securities by our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries

The following table sets
forth, at the date indicated, investments in corporate and financial sector debt securities and mortgage and asset backed securities by
our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries by region and the mark-to-market and realized losses thereon.

At March
    31, 2026
Bonds (1)   Others   Total
Trading   Available-for-sale
    and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale
    and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale
    and held-to-maturity   Mark-to-market
    gain/ (loss) in fiscal 2026   Realized
    gain/(loss)/ Impairment loss in income statement for fiscal 2026   Mark-to-market
    gain/ (loss) at March 31, 2026
(Rs. in millions)
U.S.   ..   3,024   ..   ..   ..   3,024   74   (26   )   (39   )
Canada   ..   24,206   ..   ..   ..   24,204   ..   241   ..
Europe   ..   1,836   ..   ..   ..   1,836   (2   )   ..   (8   )
India   2,218   40,892   ..   ..   2,218   40,892   (88   )   204   48
Rest of Asia   ..   ..   ..   6,164   ..   6,164   11   ..   (1   )
Others   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   (881   )   2   (930   )
Total portfolio   2,218   69,959   ..   6,164   2,218   76,120   (886   )   421   (930   )

(1)   Includes corporate bonds classified under loans and receivables by our Canadian subsidiary.

At March 31, 2025
Bonds (1)   Others   Total
Trading   Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity   Mark-to-market gain/ (loss) in fiscal 2025   Realized gain/(loss)/ Impairment loss in
    income statement for fiscal 2025   Mark-to-market gain/ (loss) at March 31,
    2025
(Rs. in millions)
U.S.   ..   2,195   ..   ..   ..   2,195   133   (50   )   (107   )
Canada   ..   18,801   ..   ..   ..   18,801   ..   60   ..
Europe   ..   82   ..   ..   ..   82   4   ..   (5   )
India   2,353   41,473   ..   ..   2,353   41,473   152   81   127
Rest of Asia   ..   458   ..   5,556   ..   6,014   27   (11   )   (10   )
Others   ..   758   ..   ..   ..   758   (46   )   1   (46   )
Total portfolio   2,353   63,767   ..   5,556   2,353   69,323   270   81   (41   )

(1)   Includes corporate bonds classified under loans and receivables by our Canadian subsidiary.

Funding

Our funding operations are
designed to ensure stability of funding, minimize funding costs and effectively manage liquidity. Our primary source of domestic funding
is deposits raised from both retail and corporate customers. We also raise funds through short-term rupee borrowings, refinance borrowings
and domestic or overseas bond offerings. Our domestic bond borrowings include long-term bond borrowings for financing infrastructure projects
and affordable housing in accordance with the Reserve

124

Table of Contents

Bank of India guidelines. See also “Business
—Overview
of Our Products and Services—Commercial Banking for Retail Customers—Retail Deposits”.

Maturity profile of deposits

The following table sets
forth, at the date indicated, the contractual maturity profile of deposits, by type of deposit at March 31, 2026.

Up to one year   After one year and within three years   After three years   Total
(in millions)
Interest-bearing deposits:
Savings deposits (1)   Rs.   4,794,462   ..   ..   Rs.   4,794,462
Time deposits   7,333,600   3,129,684   325,421   10,788,705
Non-interest-bearing deposits:
Other demand deposits (1)   2,717,034   ..   ..   2,717,034
Total deposits   Rs.   14,845,096   Rs.   3,129,684   Rs.   325,421   Rs.   18,300,201

(1)   Savings and other demand deposits are payable on demand and hence are classified in the ‘Up to one year’ category.

The following table sets
forth, at the date indicated, the contractual maturity profile of deposits, by type of deposit at March 31, 2025.

Up to one year   After one year and within three years   After three years   Total
(in millions)
Interest-bearing deposits:
Savings deposits (1)   Rs.   4,442,543   ..   ..   Rs.   4,442,543
Time deposits   7,335,737   1,946,581   315,951   9,598,268
Non-interest-bearing deposits:
Other demand deposits (1)   2,375,563   ..   ..   2,375,863
Total deposits   Rs.   14,153,842   Rs.   1,946,581   Rs.   315,951   Rs.   16,416,374

(1) Savings
and other demand deposits are payable on demand and hence are classified in the ‘Up to one year’ category.

The maturity profile in fiscal 2026 shows growth
in one year and above tenor maturities. The same is mainly due to gradual increase in tenor of our peak term deposits interest rate offering
from ‘15 months - 2 years’ to ‘3 years & above’ during the year, reflecting our strategy to increase the duration
of our liabilities.

125

Table of Contents

Uninsured deposits

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the estimated amount of time deposits that exceed the insurance limit, segregated by remaining maturity
and the estimated amount of total deposits that are otherwise uninsured:

At March 31, 2026
3 months or less   Over 3 months through 6 months   Over 6 months through 12 months   Over 12 months   Total
(in millions)
Uninsured time deposits
India   Rs.   2,571,972   Rs.   1,249,275   Rs.   2,666,865   Rs.   2,909,439   Rs.   9,397,551
Outside India   174,609   55,102   60,283   26,392   316,386
Total uninsured time deposits   Rs.   2,746,581   Rs.   1,304,377   Rs.   2,727,148   Rs.   2,935,831   Rs.   9,713,937

At March 31, 2025
3 months or less   Over 3 months through 6 months   Over 6 months through 12 months   Over 12 months   Total
(in millions)
Uninsured time deposits
India   Rs.   2,369,068   Rs.   1,454,244   Rs.   2,715,002   Rs.   1,844,031   Rs.   8,382,345
Outside India   130,190   36,279   35,805   12,082   214,356
Total uninsured time deposits   Rs.   2,499,258   Rs.   1,490,523   Rs.   2,750,807   Rs.   1,856,113   Rs.   8,596,701

Total uninsured deposits
at March 31, 2026 were Rs. 14,748,147 million and at March 31, 2025 were Rs. 13,174,634 million.

The classifications among
“in India” and “outside India” are based on the domicile of the booking unit. In India, the insured deposit calculations
are based on guidelines prescribed by Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation. The insured amount limit prescribed by Deposit
Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation is up to a maximum amount of Rs. 500,000 per depositor (including all types of deposits), per
insured bank. The standard insurance amount for time deposits outside India is based on the insurance limits approved by the regulator
in the respective foreign jurisdiction. The insurance coverage is allocated first to savings account deposits, then to current account
deposits and lastly to time deposits of a depositor. For time deposits, the highest residual maturity buckets are considered for allocation
of insurance coverage.

126

Table of Contents

Risk Management

Asset liability gap

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
our asset-liability gap position.

At March 31, 2026 (1)
Less than or equal to one year   Greater than one year and up to five years   Greater than five years   Total
(in millions)
Advances (loans), net   Rs.   14,362,382   Rs.   2,019,924   Rs.   64,274   Rs.   16,446,580
Investments   1,290,126   2,802,206   4,614,867   8,707,199
Other assets (2)   2,192,145   64,876   1,564,421   3,821,442
Total assets   Rs.   17,844,653   Rs.   4,887,006   Rs.   6,243,562   Rs.   28,975,221
Capital   ..   ..   3,630,604   3,630,604
Borrowings   1,408,820   532,265   261,558   2,202,643
Deposits   9,937,927   8,340,523   21,751   18,300,201
Other liabilities (3)   31,009   ..   4,980,522   5,011,531
Total liabilities   Rs.   11,377,756   Rs.   8,872,788   Rs.   8,894,435   Rs.   29,144,979
Total gap before risk management positions   6,466,897   (3,985,782   )   (2,650,873   )   (169,758   )
Off-balance sheet positions (4)   (50,487   )   (137,331   )   124,046   (63,772   )
Total gap after risk management positions   Rs.   6,416,410   Rs.   (4,123,113   )   Rs.   (2,526,827   )   Rs.   (233,530   )

(1)   Includes investments in the nature of equity, cash and cash equivalents and miscellaneous assets and liabilities.
Assets and liabilities are classified into the applicable categories based on residual maturity or re-pricing whichever is earlier. Classification
methodologies are generally based on asset liability management guidelines, including behavioral studies, as per local policy/regulatory
norms of the entities. Items other than current and savings account deposits that neither re-price nor have a defined maturity are included
in the ‘greater than five years’ category. Fixed assets (other than leased assets) have been excluded from the above table.
Current and savings account deposits are classified based on behavior study.

(2)   Includes cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and short
notice and other assets.

(3)   Includes minority interest, liabilities on policy in force, and other liabilities and provisions.

(4)   Off-balance sheet positions comprises net notional amount of derivatives, including foreign exchange forward
contracts.

At March 31, 2025 (1)
Less than or equal to one year   Greater than one year and up to five years   Greater than five years   Total
(in millions)
Advances (loans), net   Rs.   12,382,050   Rs.   1,734,238   Rs.   91,348   Rs.   14,206,636
Investments   1,240,362   2,252,623   5,370,784   8,863,769
Other assets (2)   1,476,371   99,165   1,621,939   3,197,475
Total assets   Rs.   15,098,973   Rs.   4,086,026   Rs.   7,084,071   Rs.   26,267,880
Capital   ..   ..   3,139,059   3,139,059
Borrowings   1,445,321   524,016   219,497   2,188,834
Deposits   9,344,200   7,056,500   15,674   16,416,374
Other liabilities (3)   16,807   ..   4,661,340   4,678,147
Total liabilities   Rs.   10,806,328   Rs.   7,580,516   Rs.   8,035,570   Rs.   26,422,414
Total gap before risk management positions   4,292,455   (3,494,490   )   (952,499   )   (154,534   )
Off-balance sheet positions (4)   (51,980   )   22,270   86,766   57,056
Total gap after risk management positions   Rs.   4,240,475   Rs.   (3,472,220   )   Rs.   (865,733   )   Rs.   (97,478   )

127

Table of Contents

(1)   Includes investments in the nature of equity, cash and cash equivalents and miscellaneous assets and liabilities.
Assets and liabilities are classified into the applicable categories based on residual maturity or re-pricing whichever is earlier. Classification
methodologies are generally based on asset liability management guidelines, including behavioral studies, as per local policy/regulatory
norms of the entities. Items other than current and savings account deposits that neither re-price nor have a defined maturity are included
in the ‘greater than five years’ category. Fixed assets (other than leased assets) have been excluded from the above table.
Current and savings account deposits are classified based on behavior study.

(2)   Includes cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and short
notice and other assets.

(3)   Includes minority interest, liabilities on policy in force, and other liabilities and provisions.

(4)   Off-balance sheet positions comprises net notional amount of derivatives, including foreign exchange forward
contracts.

Impact of interest rate movement

The following table sets
forth, using the balance sheet at year-end fiscal 2026 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of adverse changes in interest
rates on net interest income for fiscal 2027, assuming a parallel shift in the yield curve at year-end fiscal 2026.

At March 31, 2026
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
(100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Rupee portfolio   Rs.   (59,667   )   Rs.   (29,834   )   Rs.   29,834   Rs.   59,667
Foreign currency portfolio   (4,159   )   (2,079   )   2,079   4,159
Total   Rs.   (63,826   )   Rs.   (31,913   )   Rs.   31,913   Rs.   63,826

Based on our asset and liability
position at year-end fiscal 2026, the sensitivity model shows that net interest income from the banking book for fiscal 2026 would rise
by Rs. 63.8 billion if interest rates increased by 100 basis points. Conversely, the sensitivity model shows that if interest rates decreased
by 100 basis points, net interest income for fiscal 2026 would fall by an equivalent amount of Rs. 63.8 billion.

The following table sets
forth, using the balance sheet at year-end fiscal 2025 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of adverse changes in interest
rates on net interest income for fiscal 2026, assuming a parallel shift in the yield curve at year-end fiscal 2025.

At March 31, 2025
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
(100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Rupee portfolio   Rs.   (41,755   )   Rs.   (20,878   )   Rs.   20,878   Rs.   41,755
Foreign currency portfolio   (3,893   )   (1,947   )   1,947   3,893
Total   Rs.   (45,648   )   Rs.   (22,825   )   Rs.   22,825   Rs.   45,648

128

Table of Contents

Based on our asset and liability
position at year-end fiscal 2025, the sensitivity model showed that net interest income from the banking book for fiscal 2025 would rise
by Rs. 45.6 billion if interest rates increased by 100 basis points. Conversely, the sensitivity model showed that if interest rates decreased
by 100 basis points, net interest income for fiscal 2025 would fall by an equivalent amount of Rs. 45.6 billion.

Sensitivity analysis, which
is based upon static interest rate risk profile of assets and liabilities, is used for risk management purposes only and the model above
assumes that during the course of the year no other changes are made in the respective portfolios. Actual changes in net interest income
will vary from the model.

Price Risk (Trading Book)

The following table sets forth, using the fixed
income portfolio at year-end fiscal 2026 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in interest rates on the value
of our fixed income held-for-trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in interest rate curve.

At March 31, 2026
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Rupee
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Government of India securities   Rs.   423,068   Rs.   17,860   Rs.   8,984   Rs.   (8,983   )   Rs.   (17,858   )
Rupee corporate debt securities   353,888   4,717   2,360   (2,360   )   (4,717   )
Total   Rs.   776,956   Rs.   22,577   Rs.   11,344   Rs.   (11,343   )   Rs.   (22,575   )

At March 31, 2026
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Foreign currency
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Foreign government securities   Rs.   40,604   Rs.   49   Rs.   25   Rs.   (25   )   Rs.   (49   )
Foreign corporate debt securities   2,218   40   20   (20   )   (40   )
Total   Rs.   42,822   Rs.   89   Rs.   45   Rs.   (45   )   Rs.   (89   )

The following table sets
forth, using the fixed income portfolio at year-end fiscal 2025 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in interest
rates on the value of our fixed income held-for-trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in interest rate curve.

At March 31, 2025
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Rupee
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Government of India securities   Rs.   602,044   Rs.   26,514   Rs.   13,319   Rs.   (13,298   )   Rs.   (26,479   )
Rupee corporate debt securities   414,277   7,863   3,940   (3,937   )   (7,858   )
Total   Rs.   1,016,321   Rs.   34,377   Rs.   17,259   Rs.   (17,235   )   Rs.   (34,337   )

At March 31, 2025
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Foreign currency
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Foreign government securities   Rs.   35,782   Rs.   27   Rs.   14   Rs.   (14   )   Rs.   (27   )
Foreign corporate debt securities   2,353   69   34   (34   )   (69   )
Total   Rs.   38,135   Rs.   96   Rs.   48   Rs.   (48   )   Rs.   (96   )

129

Table of Contents

Value at risk on equity shares
(Proprietary trading book)

ICICI Bank computes value-at-risk
using historical simulation model for limit monitoring purposes. The value-at-risk is calculated using the previous one-year market data
at a 99% confidence level and a holding period of one day.

The following table sets
forth the high, low, average and period-end value-at-risk for the equities portfolio of the proprietary trading group of ICICI Bank for
fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026.

Fiscal 2025   At March   Fiscal 2026   At March
High   Low   Average   31, 2025   High   Low   Average   31, 2026
Rs. in million
Value-at-risk   118.2   0.7   51.1   24.9   136.6   3.8   51.6   35.0

We monitor the effectiveness
of the value-at-risk model by regularly back-testing its performance. Statistically, we would expect to see hypothetical losses in the
treasury portfolio in excess of value-at-risk only one percent of the time over a one-year period i.e, where hypothetical losses in the
treasury portfolio exceed value-at-risk in three instances. During fiscal 2026, there were two instances of hypothetical loss exceeding
the value-at-risk estimates for the equity portfolio of the proprietary trading group. As per the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) framework titled “Supervisory Framework for the Use of ‘Backtesting’
in Conjunction with the Internal Models Approach to Market Risk Capital Requirements”, the model falls within the green zone category
(i.e. up to 4 backtest exceptions in 250 trading days), which means the backtesting results do not themselves suggest a problem with the
quality or accuracy of the Bank’s model.

The Bank also conducts periodic
internal stress testing for its treasury portfolios including its equity portfolio. Based on the results of the internal stress testing
assessment conducted by the Bank, the Bank believes it is adequately capitalized.

While value-at-risk is an
important tool for measuring market risk under normal market conditions, it has inherent limitations that should be taken into account,
including its inability to accurately predict future losses when extreme events are affecting the markets, because it is based on the
assumption that historical market data is indicative of future market performance. Moreover, different value-at-risk calculation methods
use different assumptions and hence may produce different results. For example, computing value-at-risk at the close of the business day
would exclude intra-day risk. There is also a general possibility that the value-at-risk model may not fully capture all the risks present
in the portfolio.

130

Table of Contents

Derivatives and Foreign Exchange Risk (Trading)

The following table sets forth, using the outstanding
notional principal of trading derivatives and foreign exchange portfolio at year-end as the base, one possible prediction of the impact
of changes in interest rates on the value of our trading derivatives and foreign exchange portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in interest
rate curve.

At March 31, 2026
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
Portfolio Size (1)   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Interest rate derivatives   Rs.   41,670,181   Rs.   (12,760   )   Rs.   (6,401   )   Rs.   6,401   Rs.   12,760
Currency derivatives (2)   3,166,686   976   488   (488   )   (976   )
Foreign exchange   14,369,199   601   300   (300   )   (601   )
Total   Rs.   59,206,066   Rs.   (11,183   )   Rs.   (5,613   )   Rs.   5,613   Rs.   11,183

1.   Notional principal

2.   Includes futures, options and cross-currency interest rate swaps

At March 31, 2025
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
Portfolio Size (1)   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Interest rate derivatives   Rs.   51,894,372   Rs.   (10,960   )   Rs.   (4,796   )   Rs.   4,796   Rs.   10,960
Currency derivatives (2)   6,104,786   (99   )   (49   )   49   99
Foreign exchange   16,813,604   175   88   (88   )   (175   )
Total   Rs.   74,812,762   Rs.   (10,884   )   Rs.   (4,757   )   Rs.   4,757   Rs.   10,884

1.   Notional principal

2.   Includes futures, options and cross-currency interest rate swaps

The following table
sets forth the possible prediction of the impact of change in foreign exchange rates on the value of the net open position of ICICI Group.

At March 31, 2026
Change in forex rates on the value of the net open position (in basis points)
Net open position (1)   (100)   100
(in millions)
Total open position for ICICI Group   Rs.   6,494   Rs.   11,606   Rs.   4,634

At March 31, 2025
Change in forex rates on the value of the net open position (in basis points)
Net open position   (100)   100
(in millions)
Total open position for ICICI Group   Rs.   9,990   Rs.   (4,764   )   Rs.   13,379

1.   Net open position is computed as per the Reserve Bank of India regulatory requirement.

131

Table of Contents

Credit spread risk

The following table sets
forth, using our held-for-trading portfolio at year-end as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in credit spreads
on the value of the trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in credit spreads.

At March 31, 2026
Change in credit spread (in basis points)
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   356,107   Rs.   4,757   Rs.   2,380   Rs.   (2,380   )   Rs.   (4,757   )

At March 31, 2025
Change in credit spread (in basis points)
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   416,630   Rs.   7,932   Rs.   3,975   Rs.   (3,971   )   Rs.   (7,927   )

Loan Concentration

We follow a policy of portfolio
diversification and evaluate our total financing exposure to a particular industry in the light of our forecasts of growth and profitability
for that industry. ICICI Bank’s policy is to limit its portfolio to any particular industry (other than retail loans) to 15.0% of
its total exposure. In addition, we have a framework for managing concentration risk with respect to single borrower and group exposures,
based on the internal rating and track- record of the borrowers. See also
-“Risk Management—Credit Risk”.
 The
exposure limits for lower rated borrowers and groups are substantially lower than the regulatory limits.

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
the composition of our gross advances.

At March 31,
2025 (3)   2026
Amount   As a %   Amount   Amount   As a %
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance (1)   Rs.   7,646,497   53.1   %   Rs.   8,527,100   US$   93,264   51.3   %
Wholesale/Retail trade   965,633   6.7   1,211,471   13,250   7.3
Rural retail   814,661   5.7   1,049,618   11,480   6.3
Services-finance   836,247   5.8   814,474   8,908   4.9
Real Estate Activities   484,056   3.4   600,459   6,567   3.6
Services - Non finance   489,742   3.4   595,104   6,509   3.6
Road, port, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   387,282   2.7   380,241   4,159   2.3
Crude petroleum/refining & petrochemicals   115,090   0.8   190,967   2,089   1.1
Chemicals & fertilisers   119,869   0.8   164,560   1,800   1.0
Manufacturing products (excluding metal)   299,846   2.1   377,082   4,124   2.3
Food & beverages   144,353   1.0   169,820   1,857   1.0
Construction   216,476   1.5   243,624   2,665   1.5
Iron and steel (including iron and steel products)   186,084   1.3   234,232   2,562   1.4
Textile   201,298   1.4   231,246   2,529   1.4
Gems & jewellery   156,376   1.1   224,933   2,460   1.4
Electronics & engineering   270,246   1.9   316,445   3,461   1.9
Others (2)   1,055,538   7.3   1,289,167   14,100   7.8
Gross advances (loans)   14,389,294   100.0   %   16,620,543   181,784   100.0   %
Allowance for advances (loan) losses   (182,657   )   (173,963   )   (1,903   )
Net advances (loans)   Rs.   14,206,637   Rs.   16,446,580   US$   179,881

132

Table of Contents

1.   Includes home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, personal loans, credit cards, two wheeler loans and loans against
securities.

2.   Primarily include developer financing portfolio, mining, cement, drugs and pharmaceuticals, shipping, metal and metal products (excluding
iron and steel), power, automobiles and fast moving consumer goods.

3.   Prior period figures have been re-grouped, where necessary.

Our capital allocation is
focused on building a granular portfolio and sustainably improving our portfolio quality. Gross retail finance advances increased by 11.5%
in fiscal 2026 compared to an increase of 15.5% in total gross advances in fiscal 2026. As a result, retail finance decreased from 53.1%
of gross loans at year-end fiscal 2025 to 51.3% of gross loans at year-end fiscal 2026.

At year-end fiscal 2026,
our 20 largest borrowers accounted for 4.2% of our gross loan portfolio, with the largest borrower accounting for 0.6% of our gross loan
portfolio. The largest group of companies under the same management control accounted for 1.0% of our gross loan portfolio at year-end
fiscal 2026.

Maturity profile of loans

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the maturity profile of loans net of allowance for losses

March 31, 2026
Due within 1 year   Due between 1 to 5  years   Due between 5 to 15 years   Due in more than 15 years   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   2,915,769   Rs.   3,800,861   Rs.   543,468   Rs.   8,879   Rs.   7,268,977
Consumer loans   2,088,628   3,663,906   2,988,011   437,058   9,177,603
Total   Rs.   5,004,397   Rs.   7,464,767   Rs.   3,531,479   Rs.   445,937   Rs.   16,446,580

March 31, 2025
Due within 1 year   Due between 1 to 5  years   Due between 5 to 15 years   Due in more than 15 years   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   4,390,424   Rs.   1,180,311   Rs.   485,706   Rs.   12,404   Rs.   6,068,845
Consumer loans   1,636,133   3,000,340   2,690,460   810,859   8,137,792
Total   Rs.   6,026,557   Rs.   4,180,651   Rs.   3,176,166   Rs.   823,263   Rs.   14,206,637

133

Table of Contents

Loan portfolio –
by fixed or variable interest rate

The following table sets
forth, at the date indicated, the amount of our loans with residual contractual maturities greater than one year that had fixed and variable
interest rates.

At March 31, 2026
Fixed rate loans   Variable rate loans   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   473,501   Rs.   3,879,707   Rs.   4,353,208
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   2,257,311   4,831,664   7,088,975
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..
Total loans with maturity greater than 1 year   Rs.   2,730,812   Rs.   8,711,371   Rs.   11,442,183

At March 31, 2025
Fixed rate loans   Variable rate loans   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   126,029   Rs.   1,552,392   Rs.   1,678,421
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   2,175,469   4,326,190   6,501,659
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..
Total loans with maturity greater than 1 year   Rs.   2,301,498   Rs.   5,878,582   Rs.   8,180,080

Directed Lending

The Reserve Bank of
India requires banks to lend to certain sectors of the economy. Such directed lending comprises priority sector lending and export
credit. ICICI Bank is required to comply with the priority sector lending requirements prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India from
time to time. As prescribed in the Reserve Bank of India guideline, the Bank’s priority sector lending achievement is computed
on quarterly average basis. During fiscal 2026, the Bank purchased Priority Sector Lending Certificates amounting to Rs. 1,834.0
billion (fiscal 2025: Rs. 1,183.7 billion) and sold Priority Sector Lending Certificates amounting to Rs. 1,554.1 billion (fiscal
2025: Rs. 1,228.9 billion). See also
“Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Loans and Advances—Directed
Lending—Priority Sector Lending”.

134

Table of Contents

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, ICICI Bank’s average priority sector lending:

Fiscal 2025   Fiscal 2026
Amount   % of adjusted net bank credit   Amount   % of adjusted net bank credit   Target (% of adjusted net bank credit)
(in billions, except percentages)
Agriculture Sector   Rs.   2,025.15   18.00   %   Rs.   2,294.06   US$   24.4   17.75   %   18.00   %
- Small and marginal farmers   1,197.77   10.65   %   1,362.24   14.5   10.54   %   10.00   %
- Non-corporate farmers   1,627.61   14.47   %   1,768.17   18.8   13.68   %   14.00   %
MSMEs   2,640.66   ..   3,290.90   35.1   ..   ..
- Micro enterprises   882.04   7.84   %   1,181.30   12.6   9.14   %   7.50   %
Other priority sector   253.86   ..   (355.86   )   (3.8   )   ..   ..
Total priority sector lending   Rs.   4,919.67   43.72   %   Rs.   5,229.10   US$   55.7   40.47   %   40.00   %
- Weaker sections   Rs.   1,377.63   12.24   %   Rs.   1,638.67   US$   17.5   12.68   %   12.00   %

The priority sector lending
master circular issued by the Reserve Bank of India requires that banks having any shortfall in lending to priority sector shall be allocated
amounts for contribution to the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund established with National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
and other Funds as decided by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. The Bank may be required by the Reserve Bank of India to deposit
with the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund and other related funds, certain amounts as specified by the Reserve Bank of India in the
coming year due to the shortfall in the above-mentioned sub-categories of priority sector lending targets. At year-end fiscal 2026, our
total investment in funds of government sponsored development banks due to shortfall in lending to priority sectors was Rs. 103.7 billion,
which was fully eligible for consideration in overall priority sector achievement.

Export Credit

The Reserve Bank of India
requires banks to make loans to exporters at concessional interest rates as part of directed lending. Export credit is provided for pre-shipment
and post-shipment requirements of exporter borrowers in rupees and foreign currencies. Export credit in the agriculture, MSMEs sectors
is permitted to be categorized as priority sector lending. Additionally, the Export credit is extended as priority sector lending basis
the classification criteria specified by the Reserve Bank of India. The interest income earned on export credits is supplemented through
fees and commissions earned from these exporter customers from other fee-based products and services taken by them from us, such as foreign
exchange products and bill handling. As at March 31, 2026, ICICI Bank’s export credit was Rs. 163.1 billion, which amounted to 1.23%
of the Bank’s adjusted net bank credit.

Non-performing loans

The following table sets
forth, at the dates indicated, gross (net of write-offs, interest suspense and derivatives income reversal) non-performing loans by borrowers’
industry or economic activity and as a percentage of total non-performing loans.

135

Table of Contents

At March 31,
2025   2026
Amount   As a percentage of non-performing loans   Amount   Amount   As a percentage of non-performing loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance (1)   Rs.   90,386   37.1   %   Rs.   76,904   US$   820   32.8   %
Rural finance (2)   43,396   17.8   47,488   506   20.3
Wholesale/retail trade   14,257   5.9   17,125   183   7.3
Crude petroleum/refining and petrochemicals   16,912   7.0   17,070   182   7.3
Electronics and engineering   12,653   5.2   12,585   134   5.4
Construction   11,529   4.7   11,164   119   4.8
Services—non finance   6,798   2.8   7,964   85   3.4
Roads, ports, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   8,654   3.6   6,283   67   2.7
Iron/steel and products   4,484   1.8   4,483   48   1.9
Mining   3,510   1.4   3,755   40   1.6
Power   3,857   1.6   3,688   39   1.6
Gems & jewellery   2,393   1.0   2,402   26   1.0
Manufacturing products (excluding metal)   1,417   0.6   2,208   24   0.9
Other Industries (3)   23,064   9.5   21,154   224   9.0
Gross non-performing loans   Rs.   243,310   100.0   %   Rs.   234,273   US$   2,497   100.0   %
Aggregate provision for loan losses   (181,756   )   (173,316   )   (1,847   )
Net non-performing loans   Rs.   61,554   Rs.   60,957   US$   650

(1)   Includes home loans, commercial business loans, automobile loans,
business banking, credit cards, personal loans, loans against securities and dealer financing portfolio.

(2)   Includes kisan credit card and jewel loans to customers from
rural and urban areas.

(3)   Other industries primarily include developer financing portfolio,
automobiles, cement, shipping, food and beverages, chemical and fertilizers, textile, drugs and pharmaceuticals, metal and products (excluding
iron and steel) services – finance and fast moving consumer goods.

See
“Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Executive
Summary—Certain Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations—Trends in fiscal 2026
”.

Restructured loans

The following table sets
forth, at the dates indicated, gross restructured loans by borrowers’ industry or economic activity and as a percentage of total
gross restructured loans.

136

Table of Contents

At March 31,
2025   2026
Amount   As a percentage of restructured loans   Amount   Amount   As a percentage of restructured loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance   Rs.   21,587   91.5   %   Rs.   16,764   US$   179   91.7   %
Wholesale/Retail Trade   59   0.2   686   7   3.8
Construction   1,351   5.7   220   2   1.2
Roads, port, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   255   1.1   212   2   1.2
Services – Non finance   154   0.7   208   2   1.1
Others (1)   192   0.8   183   2   1.0
Gross restructured loans   Rs.   23,598   100.0   %   Rs.   18,273   US$   194   100.0   %
Aggregate provision for loan losses   (900   )   (647   )   (7   )
Net restructured loans (2)   Rs.   22,698   Rs.   17,626   US$   187

(1)   Others primarily include automobile, textiles, food and beverages,
wholesale/retail trade, services-non finance, services-finance, manufacturing products (excluding metal) and gems and jewellery.

(2)   In addition, the Bank holds general provision amounting to Rs.
4.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 (year-end fiscal 2025: Rs. 6.0 billion) on these restructured loans, subject to minimum provisioning
requirement as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

Key ratios-Asset quality

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, our key ratios on asset quality.

At or for the year ended March 31,
2025   2026
(Rs. in millions, except percentages)
Gross restructured loans as a percentage of gross loans   0.16   %   0.11   %
-Gross restructured loans   23,598   18,273
-Total gross loans   14,389,294   16,620,543
Gross non-performing loans as a percentage of gross loans   1.69   1.41
-Gross non-performing loans   243,310   234,273
-Total gross loans   14,389,294   16,620,543
Net restructured loans as a percentage of net loans   0.16   0.11
-Net restructured loans   22,698   17,626
-Total net loans   14,206,637   16,446,580
Net non-performing loans as a percentage of net loans (1)   0.43   0.37
-Net non-performing loans   61,554   60,957
-Total net loans   14,206,637   16,446,580
Provision on restructured loans as a percentage of gross restructured loans (2)   3.81   3.54
-Provision on restructured loans   900   647
-Gross restructured loans   23,598   18,273
Provision on non-performing loans as a percentage of gross non-performing loans   74.70   73.98
-Provision on non-performing loans   181,756   173,316
-Gross non-performing loans   243,310   234,273
Provision as a percentage of gross loans (3)   2.71   %   2.41   %
-Provisions   390,090   400,090
-Total gross loans   14,389,294   16,620,543

(1)   Includes loans identified as non-performing/impaired in line with the guidelines issued by regulators of the respective subsidiary.

(2)   In addition, the Bank holds 25% general provision on restructured assets (including general provision required as per the guidelines
issued by the Reserve Bank of India).

(3)   Includes general provision on standard assets.

137

Table of Contents

Net loan write-offs and Provision on non-performing
loans

The table presents net loan write-offs and percentage
of average loans for the periods indicated.

March 31, 2025   March 31, 2026
Average loan portfolio   Net loan write-offs (1)   % of average gross loans   Net loan write-offs (1)   % of average gross loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Commercial loans   Rs.   22,684   0.40   %   Rs.   (294   )   ..
Consumer loans   59,055   0.74   61,538   0.70   %
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total loans   Rs.   81,739   0.60   %   Rs.   61,244   0.45   %

(1)   Net loan write-offs is the difference between gross loan write-offs and recoveries from written-off amounts.

       Net loan write-offs as a percentage of our average total loan portfolios were 0.45% in the fiscal
2026 as compared to 0.60% in the fiscal 2025.

The following table shows an allocation of ICICI
Group’s total provision on non-performing loans and the percentage of loans in each category to total gross loans for the periods
indicated.

March 31, 2025   March 31, 2026
Amount   % of loans in each category to total gross loans   Amount   % of loans in each category to total gross loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Commercial loans   Rs.   96,741   42.8   %   Rs.   92,086   44.3   %
Consumer loans   85,015   57.2   81,230   55.7
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total loans   Rs.   181,756   100.0   %   Rs.   173,316   100.0   %

138

Table of Contents

Operating
and Financial Review and Prospects

You should read the following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements.
The following discussion is based on our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes prepared in accordance with
Indian GAAP, which varies in certain significant respects from U.S. GAAP. For a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity
to U.S. GAAP, a description of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and certain additional U.S. GAAP information,
see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements included herein.

Executive Summary

Introduction

We are a diversified financial
services group offering a wide range of banking and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery
channels. Apart from banking products and services, we offer life and general insurance, asset management, securities brokerage and private
equity products and services through specialized subsidiaries. Our consolidated total assets at year-end fiscal 2026 were Rs. 29,145.0
billion. Our consolidated capital and reserves and surplus, including employees’ stock options outstanding at year-end fiscal 2026,
were Rs. 3,630.6 billion and our consolidated net profit (after minority interest) for fiscal 2026 was Rs. 542.1 billion.

Our primary business consists
of commercial banking operations for retail and corporate customers. Our commercial banking operations for retail customers consist
of retail lending, deposit taking and other fee-based products and services. We provide a range of commercial banking products and services,
including loan products, fee and commission-based products and services, deposit products, transaction banking and foreign exchange and
derivatives products to large corporations, middle market companies and small and medium enterprises. We also offer agricultural and rural
banking products.

Our international franchise
focuses on non-resident Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses and on deepening relationships with well-rated Indian
corporates in international markets and multinational companies for maximizing the India-linked trade, transaction banking and lending
opportunities within our risk management framework. Our overseas banking subsidiaries continue to serve local markets selectively with
a focus on risk and granularity of business.

Our treasury operations include
the maintenance and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign exchange
and derivatives products and services for corporate customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps.

We are also engaged in insurance,
asset management, securities brokerage business and private equity fund management through specialized subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited, provide a wide range of life insurance, general insurance and asset management products respectively.

Our subsidiaries ICICI Securities
Limited and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited are engaged in equity underwriting and securities brokerage and primary dealership
in government securities and fixed income market operations, respectively. Our private equity fund management subsidiary, ICICI Venture
Funds Management Company Limited transferred the private equity, venture capital and real estate fund management business to ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company Limited. ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited would continue to undertake certain advisory activities
as well as manage certain residual funds.

139

Table of Contents

Our subsidiary, ICICI Pension
Fund Management Limited is a registered pension fund manager under the National Pension System.

Certain Factors Affecting Our
Results of Operations

Our loan portfolio, financial
condition and results of operations have been and, in the future would be, influenced by economic conditions in India, global economic
developments affecting our customers such as changes in commodity prices, oil and energy prices, global supply-chain disruptions and geopolitical
risks, conditions in global financial markets, economic conditions in the United States and other foreign countries where we have a significant
presence or which impact the Indian economy and global markets, evolving global and India’s domestic regulations, developments in
technology and their impact on banking and financial services, and global and regional natural disasters and pandemics such as COVID-19.
For ease of understanding the following discussion of our results of operations, you should consider these factors and other key developments.

Trends in fiscal 2026

The global gross domestic product (“GDP”)
grew by 2.8% in calendar year 2025. The GDP of advanced economies grew by 1.9% and the GDP of emerging economies grew by 4.4% in calendar
year 2025, compared to 1.8% growth in advanced economies and 4.5% for emerging economies in calendar year 2024. Global growth was stable
through calendar year 2025.

Global inflation moderated
to 4.1% in calendar year 2025 (5.8% in calendar year 2024). However, the calendar year 2026 inflation forecast for advanced economies
has been revised upward by 0.6% to 2.8% year-on-year since January 2026. The inflation outlook for emerging and developing Asia markets
has been revised upwards to 2.6% which is an increase from 1.1% in 2025.

However, major policy shifts
are resetting the global trade system, and together with geopolitical developments, are causing uncertainty in the global economy. A
key risk to inflation stems from ongoing global uncertainty, particularly the threat of new U.S. tariffs. In particular, the effects
of recently imposed tariffs on inflation across countries will depend on whether the tariffs are perceived to be temporary or permanent,
the extent to which firms adjust margins to offset increased import costs, and whether imports are invoiced in USD or local currency.
Cross-country effects will differ as economies face a complex mix of shocks, and central banks formulate monetary policy based on domestic
conditions. Global Brent crude oil prices increased substantially following the onset of the conflict in West Asia in March 2026. India
is a major oil importing country, with significant reliance on oil and natural gas imports from West Asia. Therefore, the Indian economy
remains exposed to supply and price shocks.

The Indian economy grew by 7.7% year-on-year and
7.1% year-on-year in fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025 respectively, primarily driven by higher private consumption and investment.

In fiscal 2026, India’s GDP growth stood
at 7.7% year-on-year, mainly driven by higher private consumption, which grew by 7.7% year-on-year compared to 5.8% in fiscal 2025. This
was due to support by tax cuts, goods and services tax rationalization, easing inflation, and stronger rural demand. India’s gross
value added grew by 7.9% year-on-year in fiscal 2026, driven by higher industrial growth of 8.5% year-on-year and buoyant services growth
of 9.3% year-on-year, while agricultural growth saw a moderation at 3.0% year-on-year compared to 4.2% in fiscal 2025.

India’s merchandise exports were broadly
flat at USD 446.1 billion in fiscal 2026 compared to USD 442.1 billion in fiscal 2025. Merchandise imports on the other hand rose by 7.5%
year-on-year to USD 783.4 billion in fiscal 2026 compared to USD 729.0 billion in fiscal 2025. The trade deficit, hence, rose to

140

Table of Contents

USD 337.3 billion in fiscal 2026 as compared to USD 286.9 billion in
fiscal 2025. However, net services exports have seen an increase to USD 216.6 billion in fiscal 2026 as compared to USD 188.8 billion
in fiscal 2025. India’s current account deficit stood at USD 25.4 billion or 0.6% of GDP in fiscal 2026. India’s net foreign
portfolio outflows were at USD 16.4 billion in fiscal 2026, compared to inflows at USD 2.7 billion in fiscal 2025, with equity outflows
at USD 19.7 billion and debt inflows at USD 3.1 billion. Gross FDI inflows into India were USD 98.3 billion during fiscal 2026, compared
to inflows of USD 84.2 billion in fiscal 2025. However, the net FDI inflows were USD 6.9 billion in fiscal 2026, compared to USD 1.0 billion
during fiscal 2025.

Inflation in India as measured
by the Consumer Price Index came down from 3.56% year-on-year in March 2025 to 3.40% year-on-year in March 2026. The average inflation
rate during fiscal 2026 was 2.06% year-on-year compared to 4.64% year-on-year in fiscal 2025. The softening in inflation was due to food
inflation easing to 0.03% in fiscal 2026 compared to 3.54% year-on-year in fiscal 2025, mainly due to normal rainfall and higher food
output. Core inflation was also benign at 3.80% year-on-year in fiscal 2026 compared to 3.65% year-on-year in fiscal 2025.

After keeping the policy
rate unchanged for two years, the monetary policy committee entered into an easing cycle, from February 2025 onwards, by a cumulative
amount of 125 basis-points reduction in policy rate, of which 100 basis-points were reduced in fiscal 2026, and reduced the cash reserve
ratio by 100 basis-points from 4.0% to 3.0%, implemented in four equal tranches of 25 basis points on September 6, October 4, November
1 and November 29, 2025. The reduction in the policy rates was driven by a greater degree of certainty in the decline in headline inflation,
particularly food inflation. The policy stance was briefly changed to ‘accommodative’ in April 2025 and then changed back
to ‘neutral’ in June 2025 and has been unchanged since. Daily average banking system liquidity for fiscal 2026 was at a surplus
of approximately Rs. 1,793.0 billion. In fiscal 2026, the Reserve Bank of India injected Rs. 13.3 trillion of durable liquidity into the
banking system, through various means, including by reducing the cash reserve ratio, engaging in open-market operations and conducting
foreign exchange swap operations.

Medium-term growth prospects
are positive, driven by the underlying fundamental domestic drivers of the Indian economy. Supportive monetary policies, tax cuts and
government spending are expected to boost consumption and growth. However, global trade uncertainties around U.S. tariffs and other trade
policies and the West Asia conflict could pose a downside risk to exports and weigh on global growth, which may negatively impact Indian
growth.

During fiscal 2026, the Rupee depreciated by 10.9%
from Rs 85.46 per USD at March 31, 2025 to Rs 94.83 per USD at March 31, 2026. The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex declined by 7.06% during
fiscal 2026 compared to an increase of 4.39% in fiscal 2025. The yields on the benchmark 10-year government securities moved from 6.58%
at March 31, 2025 to 7.04% at March 31, 2026, which was the highest for the fiscal year too.

Credit extended by the banking
system to non-food sectors grew by 16.1% year-on-year at March 31, 2026 compared to 11% year-on-year at March 31, 2025. According to the
sectoral breakdown of credit data available, credit growth continued to be driven by services at 19% year-on-year and personal credit
at 16.2% year-on-year (aided by goods and services tax rationalization) while credit to industry also increased by 15% year-on-year.

Meanwhile, deposit growth
for scheduled commercial banks has also picked up, with deposit growth at 13.5% year-on-year for the fortnight ending 31st March 2026
vs. 10.3% year-on-year growth for the same period in March 2025.

According to the Reserve Bank of India’s
Financial Stability Report of June 2025, gross non-performing assets of scheduled commercial banks continued to decline, with gross non-performing
assets

141

Table of Contents

ratio at 1.8% and net non-performing assets ratio at 0.4% at March
31, 2025 compared to a gross non-performing assets ratio at 2.3% and net non-performing assets ratio at 0.5% at March 31, 2025.

Business Overview

In assessing our performance,
we monitor key financial variables such as the change in profit before tax, excluding treasury, and return on equity. We also look at
the changes in asset yields, cost of funds, net interest margin, fee income and cost ratios. We also monitor key business indicators,
such as deposit growth, funding mix, loan growth and loan delinquency trends. We re-evaluate underwriting norms and risk management on
an ongoing basis and assess the financial impact of events on our capital, revenue, credit costs and asset quality. We analyze changes
in economic indicators such as interest rates, liquidity, exchange rates and the performance of various sectors and sub-sectors of the
economy. In addition to these indicators, we monitor other non-financial indicators such as quality of customer service and the extent
and nature of customer complaints, frauds, cyber-threats, data security and preparedness to address them and estimates of market share
in key areas of business. We continue to evaluate the impact of climate change risks on the loan portfolio and the environmental, social
and governance profile of our large borrowers.

See also “
—Executive
Summary—Certain Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations—Trends in fiscal 2026
”.

We have focused on maintaining
and enhancing our deposit franchise, including by leveraging technology. We have focused on opportunities in retail lending, including
cross-selling additional products to our existing customers and growing our lending to small and medium businesses, to build a more granular
portfolio and sustainably improve portfolio quality. We have sought to meet the holistic needs of our corporate clients and their ecosystems.

We continued to focus on
maintaining capital adequacy ratios that are higher than regulatory requirements. As of March 31, 2026, we continued to hold contingency
provisions on a prudent basis.

A discussion of our financial
performance in fiscal 2026 is given below:

Profit before tax excluding
treasury income (calculated as profit before tax
less
 income from treasury-related activities, both reported separately in operating
results data) increased by 6.6% from Rs. 638.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 680.5 billion in fiscal 2026.

Operating profit before provisions
increased by 6.3% from Rs. 777.6 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 827.0 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in net interest
income and other income, offset, in part, by an increase in operating expenses.

Net interest income increased
by 9.1% from Rs. 973.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,061.9 billion in fiscal 2026, reflecting an increase of 9.2% in the average volume
of interest-earning assets.

Other income (including share
of profit in associates) increased by 8.1% from Rs. 1,084.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,171.6 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due
to an increase in net earned premium and other operating income relating to insurance business, an increase in commission, exchange and
brokerage income and an increase in income from treasury related activities. Premium and other operating income relating to insurance
business increased by 9.5% from Rs. 709.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 776.2 billion in fiscal 2026. Commission, exchange and brokerage
income increased by 5.6% from Rs. 277.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 293.3 billion in fiscal 2026. Income from treasury-related activities
increased by 1.0% from Rs. 91.8 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 92.7 billion in fiscal 2026.

142

Table of Contents

Operating expenses increased
by 9.9% from Rs. 1,278.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,403.9 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in payments to and
provisions for employees and expenses relating to our insurance business.

Provisions and contingencies
(excluding provision for tax) increased by 14.9% from Rs. 49.1 billion in fiscal 2025 and Rs. 56.4 billion in fiscal 2026. Provision for
non-performing and other assets increased by 52.1% from Rs. 41.3 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 62.8 billion in fiscal 2026. During fiscal
2025, the Bank received security receipts on sale of fully provided loans to asset reconstruction company. The Bank continued with the
provisions under ‘Provision for investments’ by transferring from ‘Provisions from non-performing and other assets’.
During fiscal 2026, following its annual supervisory review, the Reserve Bank of India directed the Bank to make a standard asset provision
of Rs. 12.8 billion in respect of a portfolio of agricultural priority sector credit facilities wherein the terms of the facilities were
found to be not fully compliant with the regulatory requirements for classification as agricultural priority sector lending. Excluding
the above provision, as directed by the Reserve Bank of India, and the movement of provision on sale of loans to asset reconstruction
company during fiscal 2025, the provisions for non-performing and other assets in fiscal 2026 decreased as compared to fiscal 2025 primarily
due to lower additions to gross non-performing retail and rural advances. The provision coverage ratio was 74.0% at March 31, 2026 compared
to 74.7% at March 31, 2025.

Gross non-performing loans
(net of write-offs) decreased from Rs. 243.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 234.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Net non-performing
loans decreased from Rs. 61.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 61.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. The net non-performing loans
ratio was 0.4% at year-end fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026. See also,
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—If
the level of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our business will suffer.”

Income tax expense increased
from Rs. 184.3 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 193.8 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in profit before tax. The effective
tax rate decreased from 25.3% in fiscal 2025 to 25.1% in fiscal 2026.

The profit after tax (after minority interest)
increased by 6.2% from Rs. 510.3 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 542.1 billion in fiscal 2026.

Net worth (equity share capital, reserves and
surplus and employees stock options outstanding) increased from Rs. 3,139.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 3,630.6 billion at
year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to the annual accretion to reserves and surplus out of profit, offset, in part, by payment of dividend.
Total assets and liabilities increased by 10.3% from Rs. 26,422.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 29,145.0 billion at year-end
fiscal 2026. Total advances increased by 15.8% from 14,206.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, to Rs. 16,446.6 billion at year-end fiscal
2026. Total deposits increased by 11.5% from Rs. 16,416.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 18,300.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

The changes in capital adequacy ratios of ICICI
Bank on an unconsolidated basis (after deducting the proposed dividend for fiscal 2026 from capital funds), in accordance with the Reserve
Bank of India’s guidelines on Basel III, the Prudential Norms on Capital Adequacy, were as follows: common equity Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio increased from 16.0% in fiscal 2025 to 16.4% is fiscal 2026, and Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio increased from 16.0% in
fiscal 2025 to 16.4% in fiscal 2026, and the total risk-based capital ratio increased from 16.6% in fiscal 2025 to 17.2% in fiscal 2026.
The changes in our capital adequacy ratios on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on
Basel III, at year-end fiscal 2026 were as follows: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio increased from 15.8% in fiscal 2025
to 16.3% in fiscal 2026; and Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio increased from 15.8% in fiscal 2025 to 16.3% in fiscal 2026; and total risk-based
capital ratio increased from 16.4% in fiscal 2025 to 17.1% in fiscal 2026.

143

Table of Contents

Business Outlook

Over the medium term, the outlook for the Indian
economy is positive. India’s economy is expected to grow driven by increases in both investment and consumption. Favorable demographics,
growing digitization and formalization of the economy, domestic demand, services exports, growing urbanization, healthy corporate and
bank balance sheets and the opportunity for integration into global value chains are some of the key factors expected to drive
India’s growth and create opportunities for the banking and financial sector in India. Supportive monetary policies, tax cuts and
government spending are expected to support consumption and growth. At the same time, the global economic environment continues to have
significant uncertainties, including evolving government policies, geopolitical tensions and divergent inflation and growth profiles in
different regions. Global trade uncertainties, energy prices and supply-chain issues, U.S. tariffs and other trade policies could pose
a downside risk to exports and weigh on global growth, which may impact India’s domestic growth. Developments in technology, such
as AI may present both potential risks and opportunities. While enabling improved services, productivity and capacity for growth, they
may intensify competition, and impact employment. Adverse global developments could impact the Indian economy via both trade and financial
channels. But India’s foreign exchange reserves and well capitalized financial sector should mitigate the impact of the global developments
on the Indian domestic economy.

Our long-term strategy will
continue to focus on growing profit before tax excluding treasury (calculated as profit before tax
less
 income from treasury-related
activities, both reported separately in operating results data) within the guardrails of risk and compliance. The Bank focuses on the
principles of ‘Return of Capital’, ‘Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank’. ‘One Bank, One Team’, ‘Agile
Risk Management’ and ‘Compliance with Conscience’. We focus on creating holistic value propositions for our customers
by adopting a 360-degree customer-centric approach and capturing opportunities across customer ecosystems and micro markets, leveraging
internal synergies, building partnerships and simplifying processes. Cross-functional collaboration among teams has been facilitated to
tap into key customer and market segments, enabling 360-degree coverage of customers and increasing wallet share. We emphasize deepening
coverage and enhancing delivery capabilities while continuing the focus on risk-calibrated profitable growth. We have also streamlined
our organizational structure and empowered teams to create flexibility and agility in capturing business opportunities. This improves
our ability to engage with customers and respond to their needs. Simplifying our internal processes to better serve our customers and
improve our operating efficiency is a key area of focus. The Bank is committed to strengthening sustainability practices and integrating
environmental, social and governance practices in its operations and business.

We use technology in our
operations. We partner with technology companies and platforms to leverage opportunities for growth and enhance the customer experience
and delivery of services. We leverage technology and analytics for deeper insights into market opportunities, customer needs and behavior.
We continue to invest in technology to enhance our offerings to customers as well as the scalability, flexibility and resilience of our
technology architecture. We focus on continuously strengthening our operational resilience to support the seamless delivery of services
to customers.

We have over the years grown
our deposit franchise and improved the credit rating profile of our portfolio. We also improved cost efficiency, scaled up retail and
small business loan growth, calibrated lower rated corporate loan growth and maintained healthy capital adequacy ratios. We have repositioned
our international franchise to focus on non-resident Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses. Further, through our international
franchise we are focusing on deepening relationships with well-rated Indian corporates in international markets as well as multinational
companies to maximize India-linked trade, transaction banking and lending opportunities within our risk management framework. See also,
“
Business—Strategy
.”

144

Table of Contents

We believe that our deposit
franchise and competitive funding costs along with our distribution network, customer base and technology-based offerings, underpinned
by our focus on risk management practices, enable us to pursue growth opportunities profitably. In general, trends in systemic liquidity,
interest rates and inflation influence deposit growth, especially with respect to low-cost savings and current account deposits. Deposit
growth also depends on customer behavior and preferences for deposits versus other investment products. Our ability to grow our deposit
base may be impacted by increasing competition for such deposits from existing banks and new entrants. Regulatory developments like the
introduction of a digital currency by the Reserve Bank of India may also impact our ability to raise low-cost deposits in the medium to
long term. We continue to focus on maintaining a resilient balance sheet and strong capital levels.

Our success will be determined
by our ability to respond to the evolving economic environment, maintain a strong balance sheet with adequate buffers of liquidity and
capital, strong risk management, the resilience of our technology infrastructure, and business continuity planning, as well as the behavior
of our loan portfolio vis-à-vis comparable banks and finance companies. Generally, the success of our strategy depends on several
factors, including our ability to grow our deposit base, grow our loan book profitably, contain non-performing loans, resolve stressed
assets at an early stage, maintain operational resilience, maintain regulatory compliance in an evolving regulatory environment, address
regulators’ assessments of and observations on our operations, respond appropriately to developments in technology and compete effectively
in the Indian corporate and retail financial services market including with respect to new players and business model. Regulations governing
the financial sector in India, including banking, insurance and asset management, continue to evolve, with a potential impact on the growth
and profitability of financial services groups such as us. The success of our strategy is also subject to the overall regulatory and policy
environment in which we operate, including the direction of monetary, fiscal and trade policies. Our ability to execute our strategy also
depends on the liquidity and interest rate environment and on our ability to ensure stability and resilience while navigating the volatility
and uncertainty in the macro-economic environment and factors which could affect general business and economic conditions in India in
relation to the Bank’s business. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading
activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin,
the value of our fixed-income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance
”.
With regard to our overseas banking subsidiaries, the impact on the global economy due to geopolitical factors, inflation and monetary
policy, tariffs and other global developments are expected to impact economic growth in Canada and the United Kingdom, which in turn could
impact the business of our banking subsidiaries in these countries. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The
exposures of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations
.”

For a detailed discussion
of risks that we face in our business please refer to “
Risk Factors
”.

145

Table of Contents

Operating Results Data

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, our summary operating results.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026 (1)
(in millions, except per common share data)
Selected income statement data:
Interest earned (2)   Rs.   1,863,315   Rs.   1,952,185   USD   20,806
Interest expended   (890,277   )   (890,286   )   (9,488   )
Net interest income   973,038   1,061,899   11,318
Other income (3)   1,082,555   1,168,999   12,459
Net total income   2,055,593   2,230,898   23,777
Operating expenses
Payments to and provisions for employees   (236,299   )   (252,586   )   (2,692   )
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   (738,062   )   (818,364   )   (8,722   )
Other operating expenses (4)   (303,639   )   (332,986   )   (3,549   )
Total operating expenses   (1,278,000   )   (1,403,936   )   (14,963   )
Operating profit before provisions   777,593   826,962   8,814
Provisions and contingencies (excluding provision for tax)   (49,058   )   (56,390   )   (601   )
Share of profit in associates   1,507   2,629   28
Profit before tax   730,042   773,201   8,241
Provision for tax   (184,348   )   (193,839   )   (2,066   )
Profit after tax   545,694   579,362   6,175
Minority interest   (35,402   )   (37,285   )   (397   )
Net profit (after minority interest)   510,292   542,077   5,778
Profitability:
Net profit (after minority interest) as a percentage of:
Average total assets   2.05   %   2.02   %
Average stockholders’ equity   17.74   15.90
Per common share:
Earnings-basic (5)   Rs.   72.41   Rs.   75.89   USD   0.81
Earnings-diluted (6)   71.14   74.77   0.80
Book value (7)   Rs.   422.08   Rs.   486.37   USD   5.18
Dividend payout ratio (8)   15.35   %   15.85   %
Cost-to-income ratio (9)   62.17   62.93
Cost-to-average assets ratio (10)   5.13   5.24
Capital
Average stockholders’ equity as a percentage of average total assets (11)   11.54   %   12.72   %

(1)   Rupee amounts for fiscal 2026 have been translated into USD using the exchange rate of Rs. 93.83 = USD 1.00 as set forth in the H.10
statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board at March 31, 2026.

(2)   Interest earned includes interest on income tax refunds of Rs. 2.0 billion and Rs. 7.3 billion for fiscal 2025 and 2026 respectively.

(3)   Includes income from treasury-related activities (net) amounting to Rs. 91.8 billion and Rs. 92.7 billion for fiscal 2025 and 2026
respectively.

(4)   Includes depreciation on fixed assets and other general office expenses.

(5)   Earnings per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares and represents net profit/(loss) per share before dilutive
impact.

(6)   Earnings per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares and represents net profit/(loss) per share adjusted
for full dilution. Options to purchase 10,875,037 and 8,722,239 equity shares granted to employees at a weighted average exercise price
of Rs. 1,022.4 and Rs. 1,355.7 were outstanding at year-end fiscal 2025 and 2026 respectively but were not included in the computation
of diluted earnings per share as these options were anti-dilutive.

(7)   Represents capital, employees’ stock options outstanding and reserves and surplus reduced by deferred tax asset and goodwill
divided by equity shares outstanding at year-end fiscal 2026.

146

Table of Contents

(8)   Represents the ratio of total dividends paid on equity share capital as a percentage of net profit (after minority interest). Dividends
for a fiscal year are normally paid in the following year.

(9)   Represents the ratio of operating expenses to total income. Total income represents the sum of net interest income and other income.

(10)   Represents the ratio of operating expenses to average total assets.

(11)   Represents the ratio of average stockholders’ equity to average total assets. Average stockholders’ equity represents
average capital, employees’ stock options outstanding and reserves and surplus reduced by preference share capital. Average total
assets represents total of average interest-earning assets and average non-interest earning assets.

Consolidated Income Information

Net Interest Income

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of net interest income.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest earned (1)   Rs.   1,863,315   Rs.   1,952,185   USD   20,806   4.8   %
Interest expense   (890,277   )   (890,286   )   (9,488   )   0.0   %
Net interest income   Rs.   973,038   Rs.   1,061,899   USD   11,318   9.1   %

(1)   Tax exempt income has not been re-calculated on a tax-equivalent basis.

Yields, Spreads and Margins

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the yields, spreads and net interest margins on interest-earning assets.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest earned (1)   Rs.   1,863,442   Rs.   1,952,329
Average interest-earning assets   22,053,078   24,075,951
Interest expense   890,277   890,286
Average interest-bearing liabilities   17,287,355   18,578,783
Average total assets   24,927,623   26,792,423
Average interest-earning assets as a percentage of average total assets   88.47   %   89.86   %
Average interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of average total assets   69.35   69.34
Average interest-earning assets as a percentage of average interest-bearing liabilities   127.57   129.59
Yield   8.45   8.11
Rupee   8.68   8.39
Foreign currency   5.47   4.66
Cost of funds   5.15   4.79
Rupee   5.24   4.89
Foreign currency   4.00   3.48
Spread (2)   3.30   3.32
Rupee   3.44   3.50
Foreign currency   1.48   1.18
Net interest margin (3)   4.41   4.41
Rupee   4.57   4.59
Foreign currency   2.33   %   2.15   %

147

Table of Contents

(1)   We have re-calculated tax-exempt income on a tax-equivalent basis. The impact of re-calculation of tax-exempt
income on a tax equivalent basis was Rs. 144 million for fiscal 2026 as compared to Rs. 127 million for fiscal 2025.

(2)   Spread is the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average
interest-bearing liabilities. Yield on average interest-earning assets is the ratio of interest earned to average interest-earning assets.
Cost of average interest-bearing liabilities is the ratio of interest expense to average interest-bearing liabilities.

(3)   Net interest margin is the ratio of net interest income to average interest-earning assets. The difference
in net interest margin and spread arises due to the difference in amount of average interest-earning assets and average interest-bearing
liabilities. If average interest-earning assets exceed average interest-bearing liabilities, net interest margin is greater than the spread
and if average interest-bearing liabilities exceed average interest-earning assets, net interest margin is less than the spread.

Net interest income increased
by 9.1% from Rs. 973.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,062.0 billion in fiscal 2026, reflecting an increase of 9.2% in the average volume
of interest-earning assets.

Net interest margin

The net interest margin on
the rupee portfolio increased by 2 basis points from 4.57% in fiscal 2025 to 4.59% in fiscal 2026 and the net interest margin on the foreign
currency portfolio decreased by 18 basis points from 2.33% in fiscal 2025 to 2.15% in fiscal 2026. Overall net interest margin was at
the same level of 4.41% in fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026. The yield on average interest-earning assets decreased by 34 basis points from
8.45% in fiscal 2025 to 8.11% in fiscal 2026. The cost of funds decreased by 36 basis points from 5.15% in fiscal 2025 to 4.79% in fiscal
2026.

The yield on the rupee portfolio
decreased by 29 basis points from 8.68% in fiscal 2025 to 8.39% in fiscal 2026 primarily due to the following:

·   The yield on rupee advances decreased by 55 basis points from 9.98% in fiscal 2025 to 9.43% in fiscal
2026. The yield on rupee investments decreased by 16 basis points from 7.05% in fiscal 2025 to 6.89% in fiscal 2026. The yield on rupee
other interest-earning assets increased by 2 basis points from 2.51% in fiscal 2025 to 2.53% in fiscal 2026.

·   The yield on rupee advances decreased primarily due to repo rate reduction and incremental lending at
lower yields.

At March 31, 2026, of the
total India domestic loan book of ICICI Bank on a non-consolidated basis, 31% had fixed interest rates, 56% had interest rates linked
to the repo rate and other external benchmarks and 13% had interest rates linked to our marginal cost of funds based lending rate and
other, older benchmarks. The differential movements in the external benchmark rates compared to cost of funds impact our net interest
income and net interest margin. The Reserve Bank of India reduced the repo rate by 125 basis points from 6.50% in February 2025 to 5.25%
(25 basis points in February 2025, 25 basis points in April 2025, 50 basis points in June 2025 and 25 basis points in December 2025).
Our marginal cost of funds based lending rate declined by 75 basis points from 9.10% to 8.35% (25 basis points in April 2025, 10 basis

148

Table of Contents

points in May 2025, 25 basis points in June 2025
and 15 basis points in September 2025). These reductions resulted in reduction in yield on the Bank’s loan portfolio in fiscal 2026.
Future movement in the yield on advances will depend on the increase or decrease in the repo rate, our marginal cost of funds based lending
rate and interest rates generally prevailing in the banking sector. See also “
Business—Loan Portfolio—Loan Pricing
”.

·   The yield on interest-earning rupee government securities decreased primarily due to new investment in
government securities at lower market yields. The yield on investments, other than government securities, decreased primarily due to a
decrease in yield on commercial papers and pass-through certificates and an increase in the proportion of certificate of deposits, which
are lower yielding.

·   The yield on other interest-earning rupee assets increased by 2 basis points from 2.51% in fiscal 2025
to 2.53% in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in average balance with the U.S. Federal Reserve System, decrease in proportion
of Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (“RIDF”) deposits, which are lower yielding and decrease in average balance with
the Reserve Bank of India, which does not earn any interest, offset, in part, by a decrease in yield on balance with the U.S. Federal
Reserve System and increase in proportion of call and term money lending.

·   Interest on tax refunds increased from Rs. 2.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 7.3 billion in fiscal 2026.
The receipt, amount and timing of such income depend on the nature and timing of determinations by tax authorities and hence are neither
consistent nor predictable.

The cost of funds for the
rupee portfolio decreased by 35 basis points from 5.24% in fiscal 2025 to 4.89% in fiscal 2026 primarily due to the following factors:

·   The cost of rupee deposits decreased by 28 basis points from 4.94% in fiscal 2025 to 4.66% in fiscal 2026
due to a decrease in cost of savings and term deposits.

The cost of rupee
term deposits decreased by 20 basis points from 6.68% in fiscal 2025 to 6.48% in fiscal 2026. The cost of savings account deposits decreased
by 56 basis points from 3.16% in fiscal 2025 to 2.60% in fiscal 2026. The average rupee current account and savings account deposits as
a percentage of total average rupee deposits were at a similar level of 39.3% in fiscal 2025 and 39.2% in fiscal 2026. From the last quarter
of fiscal 2025 to last quarter of fiscal 2026, the Reserve Bank of India reduced the repo rate by a total of 125 basis points from 6.50%
to 5.25%. This resulted in lower deposit costs in fiscal 2026 due to repricing of term deposits at lower rates and reduction of savings
account interest rates.

·   The cost of rupee borrowings decreased by 57 basis points from 7.25% in fiscal 2025 to 6.68% in fiscal
2026 primarily due to a decrease in the cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Bank, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Home
Finance Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited. The cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Bank decreased primarily due to a decrease
in the cost of interbank participatory certificate, Reserve Bank of India borrowings under the liquidity adjustment facility and the refinance
and redemption of higher cost privately placed deep discount bonds. The cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Limited decreased primarily due to a decrease in cost of Reserve Bank of India borrowings, repo borrowings, call, notice and term borrowings.
The cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited decreased primarily due to maturity of higher cost borrowings and fresh

149

Table of Contents

borrowings at lower cost. The cost of
rupee borrowings of ICICI Securities Limited decreased primarily due to a decrease in cost of commercial paper borrowings.

The total average
rupee deposits of the Bank as a percentage of total average rupee funding increased from 91.4% in fiscal 2025 to 93.4% in fiscal 2026.

Net interest margin on the
foreign currency portfolio decreased by 18 basis points from 2.33% in fiscal 2025 to 2.15% in fiscal 2026. Average interest-earning foreign
currency assets increased by 14.0% from Rs. 1,586.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,807.3 billion in fiscal 2026. Average interest-bearing
foreign currency liabilities increased by 4.2% from Rs. 1,247.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,300.1 billion in fiscal 2026. During fiscal
2026, the Bank continued to convert a part of its rupee liquidity into foreign currency and deploy the same in foreign currency placements/investments.
This has resulted in average foreign currency assets being significantly higher than average foreign currency liabilities.

The yield on our foreign
currency portfolio decreased by 81 basis points from 5.47% in fiscal 2025 to 4.66% in fiscal 2026, primarily due to the following:

·   The yield on average foreign currency interest-earning assets of the Bank decreased by 92 basis points
from 5.58% in fiscal 2025 to 4.66% in fiscal 2026, primarily due to a decrease in the yield on average advances and investments. The yield
on advances decreased by 124 basis points from 6.18% in fiscal 2025 to 4.94% in fiscal 2026 primarily due to reduction in benchmark SOFR
rate.

·   The yield on average interest-earning assets of ICICI Bank UK PLC decreased primarily due to a
                                                                                                               decrease in yield on average advances and other interest earning assets, offset, in part, by an increase in yield of average
                                                                                                               investments.

·   The yield on average interest-earning assets of ICICI Bank Canada decreased primarily due to a decrease
in yield on average advances, investments and other interest earning assets.

The cost of funds for the
foreign currency portfolio decreased by 52 basis points from 4.00% in fiscal 2025 to 3.48% in fiscal 2026, due to decrease in cost of
foreign currency deposits and borrowings.

·   The cost of funds of ICICI Bank Canada, ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank decreased in fiscal 2026 as
                                                                                                               compared to fiscal 2025 primarily due to a decrease in cost of borrowings and deposits due to decreases in benchmark interest
                                                                                                               rates.

Our yield on advances, interest
earned, net interest income and net interest margin are impacted by systemic liquidity conditions, movements in interest rates, the competitive
environment, the level of additions to non-performing loans, regulatory developments, monetary policy and economic and geopolitical factors.
These developments may have an adverse impact on the net interest margin. The timing and amount of recoveries and interest on income tax
refund is uncertain.

Interest-earning assets

The average volume of interest-earning
assets increased by 9.2% from Rs. 22,053.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 24,076.0 billion in fiscal 2026. The increase in average interest-earning
assets was primarily due to an increase in average advances by Rs. 1,314.5 billion, average investments by Rs. 513.4 billion and increase
in average other interest-earning assets by Rs. 195.0 billion.

The average volume of rupee
interest-earning assets increased by 8.8% from Rs. 20,467.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 22,268.7 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due
to an increase in average advances and investments. Average rupee advances increased by 10.8% from Rs. 12,747.8 billion in fiscal 2025
to Rs.

150

Table of Contents

14,127.7 billion in fiscal 2026. Average rupee
investments increased by 7.4% from Rs. 6,626.6 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 7,117.7 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase
in investments in securities other than Government of India securities. Average other rupee interest-earning assets decreased by 6.4%
from Rs. 1,092.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,023.3 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to a decrease in balances with the Reserve
Bank of India to maintain cash reserve ratio and Rural Infrastructure Development Fund deposits, offset, in part, by an increase in call
money lent.

The average volume of foreign
currency interest-earning assets increased by 14.0% from Rs. 1,586.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,807.3 billion in fiscal 2026. Average
foreign currency advances decreased by 6.5% from Rs. 1,011.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 946.2 billion in fiscal 2026. Average other
foreign currency interest-earning assets increased by 60.5% from Rs. 437.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 701.7 billion in fiscal 2026,
primarily due to an increase in balances with US Federal Reserve. Average foreign currency investments increased by 16.3% from Rs. 137.1
billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 159.3 billion in fiscal 2026.

Interest-bearing liabilities

Average interest-bearing
liabilities increased by 7.5% from Rs. 17,287.4 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 18,578.8 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase
in average deposits by Rs. 1,456.4 billion, offset, in part, by a decrease in average borrowings by Rs. 164.9 billion.

Average interest-bearing
rupee liabilities increased by 7.7% from Rs. 16,040.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 17,278.7 billion in fiscal 2026. Average rupee time
deposits increased by 9.8% from Rs. 8,474.3 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 9,302.9 billion in fiscal 2026. Average rupee current account
and savings account deposits increased by 9.1% from Rs. 5,494.6 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 5,995.4 billion in fiscal 2026. Average
rupee borrowings decreased by 4.4% from Rs. 2,071.3 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,980.4 billion in fiscal 2026. Average borrowings of
ICICI Bank decreased primarily due to a decrease in interbank participatory certificates, privately placed bonds, bullion borrowings,
term money borrowings and refinance borrowings.

Average
interest-bearing foreign currency liabilities increased by 4.2% from Rs. 1,247.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,300.1 billion in
fiscal 2026 due to an increase in time deposits and current account deposits, offset, in part, by a decrease in borrowings. Average
foreign currency borrowings decreased by 13.9% from Rs. 533.9 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 459.9 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily
due to an increase in foreign currency borrowings of ICICI Bank. Average foreign currency deposits increased by 17.8% from Rs. 713.2
billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 840.2 billion in fiscal 2026. Average foreign currency deposits of ICICI Bank increased primarily due
to an increase in foreign currency non-resident deposits. Average foreign currency deposits of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased primarily
due to an increase in corporate deposits. Average foreign currency deposits of ICICI Bank Canada increased primarily due to foreign
exchange translation effect. In Canadian dollar (“CAD”) terms, deposits decreased primarily due to decrease in term
deposits.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in interest
rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed-income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the
quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance
”.

151

Table of Contents

Other Income

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of other income.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Commission, exchange and brokerage   Rs.   277,662   Rs.   293,302   USD   3,126   5.6   %
Income from treasury-related activities net)   91,846   92,725   989   1.0
- Profit/(loss) on exchange/derivatives transactions (net)   39,505   53,072   566   34.3
-Profit/(loss) on other treasury-related activities (1)   52,341   39,653   423   (24.2   )
Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net)   439   2,886   31   -
Premium and other operating income from insurance business   709,008   776,242   8,273   9.5
Miscellaneous income   5,107   6,473   69   26.7
- Share of profit in associates   1,507   2,629   28   74.4
-Others   3,600   3,844   41   6.8
Total other income (including share of profit in associates)   Rs.   1,084,062   Rs.   1,171,628   USD   12,488   8.1   %

(1)   Includes profit/(loss) on the sale of investments and on revaluation of investments.

Other income primarily includes income pertaining
to our insurance business, commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit/ (loss) on treasury-related activities and other miscellaneous
income.

Other income (including share of profit in associates)
increased by 8.1% from Rs. 1,084.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,171.6 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in net earned
premium and other operating income relating to insurance business, an increase in commission, exchange and brokerage income and an increase
in income from treasury related activities.

Commission, exchange and brokerage

Commission, exchange and brokerage income primarily
includes fees from our banking business as well as fee and brokerage income of our securities brokerage, asset management and private
equity fund management subsidiaries. The fee income of our banking business includes fees from retail customers such as lending-linked
fees and transaction banking fee such as credit card related fees, debit card related fees and service charges on retail deposit accounts,
and commercial banking fees, such as lending linked fees, and transaction banking fees such as fees on cash management services, commission
on bank guarantees, letters of credit and bills discounting.

Commission, exchange and brokerage income increased from Rs. 277.7
billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 293.3 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in transaction banking fees, lending-linked fees,
and fund management fees. Transaction banking fees increased from Rs. 134.4 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs.137.9 billion in fiscal 2026
primarily due to an increase in fee income from debit cards. Lending-linked fees increased from Rs. 48.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs.
55.3 billion in fiscal 2026. Fund management fees increased from Rs. 47.9 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 59.0 billion in fiscal 2026. Securities
brokerage income decreased from Rs. 20.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 16.6 billion in fiscal 2026. Third party products distribution
fees increased from Rs. 11.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 11.9 billion in fiscal 2026.

152

Table of Contents

Income from Treasury-Related Activities (Net)

Income from treasury-related activities includes
income from the sale of investments and the revaluation of investments on account of changes in unrealized profit/(loss) in the fixed
income, equity and preference share portfolio, units of venture capital and private equity funds, units of mutual funds and security receipts
issued by asset reconstruction companies. Further, it also includes income from foreign exchange transactions, consisting of various foreign
exchange and derivatives transactions with clients, including options and swaps.

Income from treasury-related activities increased
from Rs. 91.8 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 92.7 billion in fiscal 2026.

Income from our equity portfolio were at similar
level of Rs. 27.3 billion in fiscal 2025 and Rs. 27.4 billion in fiscal 2026.

There was a gain of Rs. 8.4 billion in our
government securities portfolio and other fixed income positions in fiscal 2026 primarily due to softening of yields on government securities
and higher trading gains, as compared to a gain of Rs. 17.7 billion in fiscal 2025.

Income from foreign exchange transactions, including
transactions with clients and margins on derivatives transactions with clients, increased from Rs. 39.5 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs.
53.1 billion in fiscal 2026.

Premium and other operating income from our
insurance business

Premium and other operating income from our insurance
business includes net premium income, fee and commission income, surrender charges and income on foreclosure of policies. Premium and
other operating income relating to insurance business increased by 9.5% from Rs. 709.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 776.2 billion in
fiscal 2026 due to an increase in income from both our life insurance and general insurance business.

The net premium income of our life insurance subsidiary
increased by 12.4% from Rs. 471.9 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 530.4 billion in fiscal 2026. The premium income (gross of premium on
reinsurance ceded) of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited increased by 8.5% from Rs. 489.5 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 531.3
billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in group premiums and retail renewal premiums. Net group premiums increased by 16.4%
from Rs. 134.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 156.1 billion in fiscal 2026. The net retail renewals premium increased by 7.5% from Rs.
255.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 274.3 billion in fiscal 2026. Premiums on reinsurance ceded increased by 5.8% from Rs. 16.9 billion
in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 17.9 billion in fiscal 2026. Fee and other life insurance-related income of our life insurance subsidiary increased
marginally by 1.5% from Rs. 26.6 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 27.0 billion in fiscal 2026.

Income from our general insurance business increased
by 12.4% from Rs. 210.5 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 236.7 billion in fiscal 2026. Gross premium income of our general insurance subsidiary
increased from Rs. 282.6 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 306.2 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in health and motor line
of business. Effective October 1, 2024, pursuant to the IRDAI Master Circular on General Insurance dated June 11, 2024, premium on long-term
products is recognized proportionately over the policy period on a 1/n basis, rather than upfront for the full policy term. Premiums on
reinsurance ceded decreased by 3.4% from Rs. 75.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 72.4 billion in fiscal 2026.

153

Table of Contents

Miscellaneous income

Miscellaneous income increased from Rs. 5.1 billion
in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 6.5 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to increase in share of profit in associates.

Operating Expense

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of operating expense.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Payments to and provisions for employees   Rs.   236,299   Rs.   252,586   USD   2,692   6.9   %
Depreciation on own property   25,972   30,303   323   16.7   %
Auditor’s fees and expenses   349   382   4   9.5   %
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   738,062   818,364   8,722   10.9   %
Other operating expenses   277,318   302,301   3,220   9.0   %
Total operating expenses   Rs.   1,278,000   Rs.   1,403,936   USD   14,961   9.9   %

Operating expenses primarily include expenses
relating to our insurance business, payments to and provisions for employees and other operating expenses. Operating expenses increased
by 9.9% from Rs. 1,278.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,403.9 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in payments to and
provisions for employees and expenses relating to our insurance business.

Payments to and provisions for employees

Employee expenses increased by 6.9% from Rs. 236.3
billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 252.6 billion in fiscal 2026. Our employee base, including sales executives, employees on fixed-term contracts
and interns, decreased from 182,665 at year-end fiscal 2025 to 174,666 at year-end fiscal 2026.

The new Labour Codes were notified by the government
during November 2025, pursuant to which ICICI Group charged an amount of Rs. 2.1 billion to the profit and loss account based on certain
estimates and assumptions. The supporting rules and certain key clarifications are awaited, and the interpretations and industry practices
are still developing. The above impact estimates will be re-assessed and finalized based on the final rules, industry practices and any
revisions to the ICICI Group’s staff emoluments from time to time.

The employee expenses of ICICI Bank increased
by 8.7% from Rs. 165.4 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 179.7 billion in fiscal 2026. Employee expenses increased primarily due to an increase
in salary cost, provision for performance bonus, performance-linked retention pay, provision for retirement benefit obligations and fair
value accounting of employee stock options. Salary cost increased primarily due to annual increments and promotions, offset, in part,
by decrease in average staff strength. The average employee base of ICICI Bank, including sales executives, employees on fixed-term contracts
and interns, decreased by 4.6% from 134,567 employees in fiscal 2025 to 128,311 employees in fiscal 2026. The provision for retirement
benefit obligations increased primarily due to decrease in valuation of underlying assets, offset, in part, by increase in discount rate
linked to G-Sec yields.

154

Table of Contents

The employee expenses of ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited increased by 13.8% from Rs. 15.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 17.3 billion in fiscal 2026. The employee expenses
of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited increased by 21.4% from Rs. 4.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 5.8 billion in fiscal 2026.

Depreciation

Depreciation on owned properties increased by
16.7 % from Rs. 26.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 30.3 billion in fiscal 2026.

Other operating expenses

Other operating expenses primarily include rent,
taxes and lighting, advertising and publicity, repairs and maintenance, direct marketing agency expenses, premiums paid on purchases of
priority sector lending certificates and other expenditures. Other operating expenses for ICICI Group increased by 9.0% from Rs. 277.3
billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 302.3 billion in fiscal 2026.

Other operating expenses of the Bank increased
by 13.0% from Rs. 237.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 267.9 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in premiums paid towards
Priority Sector Lending Certificates, repairs and maintenance, technology related expenses, direct marketing agency expenses, rents, taxes
and lighting, insurance expenses, offset, in part, by a decrease in advertisement and publicity.

Other operating expenses of our asset management
subsidiary increased from Rs. 7.8 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 8.9 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in business volume
linked alternative investment funds (“AIFs”)/portfolio management services (“PMS”) brokerage and other overheads.

Other operating expenses of our home finance subsidiary
increased from Rs. 4.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 4.7 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in customer acquisition expenses,
professional and legal expenses, travelling and conveyance and other administrative expenses.

Other operating expenses of our life insurance
subsidiary decreased from Rs. 20.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 12.8 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to a decrease in advertisement
expenses.

Other operating expenses of our securities subsidiary
decreased from Rs. 8.8 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 6.7 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to a decrease in partner payouts, marketing
expenses and rental costs.

Expenses related to our insurance business

Expenses related to our insurance business include
claims and benefit payouts, commission expenses and reserves for actuarial liability (including the investible portion of the premium
on unit-linked policies of our life insurance business). Expenses relating to our insurance business were Rs. 738.1 billion in fiscal
2025 and Rs. 818.4 billion in fiscal 2026.

The expenses related to our life insurance subsidiary
increased by 9.8% from Rs. 543.8 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 597.1 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in claims paid
from Rs. 91.4 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 151.4 billion in fiscal 2026, commission paid from Rs. 48.6 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs.
57.3 billion in fiscal 2026, offset, in part, by a decrease in provisions for policy holder liabilities (non-linked) from Rs. 171.7 billion
in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 148.7 billion in fiscal 2026.

The reserves for the actuarial liability of the
life insurance business for the investible portion of the premium on unit-linked policies increased by 2.6% from Rs. 233.9 billion in
fiscal 2025 to Rs. 240.0

155

Table of Contents

billion in fiscal 2026 in line with business number. The investible
portion of the premium on linked policies of our life insurance business represents the amount of premium, including renewal premium received
on linked policies of life insurance business invested, after deducting charges and the premium for risk coverage, in the underlying fund.

The expenses related to our general insurance
subsidiary increased from Rs. 194.3 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 221.3 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in commission
expenses and claims and benefit payouts. Net commission expense increased from Rs. 38.4 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 44.8 billion in
fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in commission expense majorly on motor and health line of business. Claims/ benefits paid increased
by 13.2% from Rs. 139.9 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 158.3 billion in fiscal 2026 due to an increase in net incurred claims in motor
and health line of business. Loss ratio (net claim incurred / net premium earned) increased from 70.6% at year-end fiscal 2025 to 71.1%
at year-end fiscal 2026 due to increase in claim for motor line of business.

See also “
Business—Overview of
Our Products and Services—Insurance
”.

Provisions and Contingencies (Excluding Provisions
for Tax)

Provisions for Non-Performing Loans and Restructured
Loans

The Bank classifies its assets, including those
in overseas branches, as performing and non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The Bank’s home
finance subsidiary classifies its loans and other credit facilities in accordance with the guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India. Under
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, non-performing assets are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on certain
pre-defined criteria. Loans held at overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations, but which are standard
as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are identified as non-performing assets to the extent the loan amount is outstanding in the host
country. Loans in the Bank’s United Kingdom subsidiary are classified as impaired if there is objective evidence of impairment as
a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the loan(a loss event), and that loss event (or events)
has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. Loans in the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary
are considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that loan
have occurred.

A loan is classified as restructuring where a
concessionary modification such as changes in repayment period, principal amount, repayment installment or a reduction in rate of interest,
has been made and the loan is downgraded to non-performing. The restructuring of loans in the event of a natural disaster, restructuring
involving deferment of date of commencement of commercial operations for projects under implementation and restructuring for certain medium
and small medium enterprises continue to be classified as standard restructured loans. Further, the Reserve Bank of India provides a prudential
framework to implement a resolution plan in respect of eligible borrowers, while classifying such exposures as standard, subject to specified
conditions.

The Bank has enhanced internal controls for the
identification of non-performing assets, including the review of loan accounts for certain conditions primarily related to size, credit
rating and number of days past due.

The Bank makes provisions on assets based on their
classification as standard, sub-standard, doubtful or loss, as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements
of the Reserve Bank of India. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful assets are fully provided for or written off as required
by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. For loans and advances of overseas branches, the Bank makes provisions as per internal provisioning
norms or host country regulations, whichever is

156

Table of Contents

higher. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans
and advances and against certain performing loans and advances in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India directions. The Bank’s
United Kingdom subsidiary maintains provision for loan losses at a level that management considers adequate to absorb identified credit
related losses as well as losses that have occurred but are not yet identifiable. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary maintains provision
for all financial assets using expected credit loss model. The expected credit loss for impaired financial assets is computed based on
an individual assessment of expected cash flows from such assets.

In respect of non-retail loans reported as frauds
to the Reserve Bank of India and classified in the doubtful category, the entire amount, without considering the value of any security,
is provided for over a period not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in which fraud has been detected. In respect of non-retail
loans where there has been a delay in reporting the fraud to the Reserve Bank of India or which are classified as loss accounts, the entire
amount is provided for immediately. In the case of fraud in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided for immediately. We make provisions
on restructured/rescheduled loans and advances in accordance with the applicable Reserve Bank of India guidelines on restructuring of
loans and advances by banks.

In addition to the specific provision on non-performing
assets, we maintain a general provision on standard loans and advances and restructured/rescheduled loans and advances at rates prescribed
by the Reserve Bank of India. For standard loans and advances in overseas branches, we hold a general provision at the higher of host
country regulatory requirements and the Reserve Bank of India requirements. The Bank also makes additional general provision on loans
to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors, exposures to step-down subsidiaries of Indian companies. Further, the Reserve Bank
of India guidelines on “Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress” provides a prudential framework for resolution plan
of certain loans. The Reserve Bank of India guidelines require banks to hold minimum 10% of provisions on these loans. The Bank makes
general provisions on such loans at rates equal to or higher than requirements stipulated in the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank, on a prudent basis, has made contingency
provisions on certain loan portfolios. The Bank also makes additional contingency provisions on certain standard assets. The contingency
provisions are included in ‘Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

Non-Performing Loans Strategy

In respect of non-viable non-performing loans,
where borrowers have lost financial viability, we adopt an approach aimed at out-of-court settlements, enforcing collateral, driving consolidation
and seeking resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code under specific circumstances, which, among other measures, includes recovery
through the sale of a borrower’s assets in a time-bound manner. Our focus is on time value of recovery and a pragmatic approach
towards settlements. The collateral against our loan assets is the critical factor towards the success of our recovery efforts. In certain
accounts where the value of collateral against our loan has been eroded, we undertake charge-offs against loan loss allowances held. However,
we continue to pursue recovery efforts in these accounts, either jointly along with other lenders or individually through legal recourse
and settlements. We are also adopting an online dispute resolution mechanism (entailing mediation, conciliation or arbitration or combination
thereof administered by an independent institution) for speedy resolution of claims and disputes of certain retail assets and services
as an alternative to approaching courts or tribunals. In addition, we focus on proactive management of accounts under supervision. Our
strategy is aimed at early-stage solutions to incipient problems.

Our strategy for resolution of non-performing
assets includes sales of financial assets to asset reconstruction companies in exchange for receipt of securities in the form of pass-through
instruments issued by asset reconstruction companies, wherein payments to holders of the securities are based on the

157

Table of Contents

actual realized cash flows from the transferred assets. Under Indian
GAAP, these instruments are valued at the net asset values as declared by the asset reconstruction companies and provisions are held as
per internal norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of the Reserve Bank of India. Under U.S. GAAP, the assets we sell in
exchange for security receipts are not accounted for as sales either because transfers do not qualify for sale accounting under FASB ASC
Topic 860, “Transfers and servicing”, or transfers were impacted by FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation –
overall”, whereby, because the Bank is the ‘primary beneficiary’ of certain of these funds/trusts, it is required under
U.S. GAAP to consolidate these entities. These assets are considered restructured assets under U.S. GAAP. “
Supervision and Regulation—Loan
Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets
”.

We monitor trends in the credit ratings of our
borrowers to enable us to take proactive remedial measures. We review the industry outlook and analyze the impact of changes in the regulatory
and fiscal environment. Our periodic review system helps us to monitor the health of accounts and to take prompt remedial measures. We
may seek to recover loans through enforcement of our rights in collateral. However, recoveries may be subject to delays of up to several
years, due to the long legal process in India. This leads to delay in enforcement and realization of collateral. We may also take as security
a pledge of financial assets, including marketable securities, and obtain corporate guarantees and personal guarantees of sponsors wherever
appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to sponsors’ shareholding in the borrower and restrictions
on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding. Covenants involving equity shares have top-up mechanisms based
on price triggers. We maintain the non-performing assets on our books for as long as the enforcement process is ongoing. Accordingly,
a non-performing asset may continue for a long time in our portfolio until the settlement of a loan account or realization of collateral,
which may be longer than that for U.S. banks under similar circumstances. See also “Business—
Loan Portfolio—Collateral—Completion,
Perfection and Enforcement
”.

Secured loans to retail customers are secured
by the assets financed (predominantly property and vehicles). We are entitled in terms of our security documents to repossess security
comprising assets such as plants, equipment and vehicles without reference to the courts or tribunals unless a client makes a reference
to such courts or tribunals to stay our actions. In respect of our retail loans, we adopt a standardized collection process designed to
ensure prompt action for follow-up on overdue loans and recovery of defaulted amounts.

Non-performing Loans

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the change in our gross (net of write-offs, interest suspense and derivatives income reversal) non-performing loan portfolio
(1)
.

158

Table of Contents

At March 31,
Particulars   2025   2026   2026
(in millions)
A. Consumer loans and credit card receivables (2)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   119,232   Rs.   131,554   USD   1,402
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   176,661   156,532   1,668
Less: Upgrade (3)   (45,869   )   (40,610   )   (433   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (44,182   )   (47,426   )   (505   )
Write-offs   (74,288   )   (78,048   )   (832   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   131,554   Rs.   122,002   US$   1,300
B. Commercial (4)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   160,376   Rs.   111,756   USD   1,191
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   33,098   41,548   443
Less: Upgrade (3)   (11,446   )   (10,458   )   (111   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (41,158   )   (21,203   )   (226   )
Write-offs   (29,114   )   (9,372   )   (100   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   111,756   Rs.   112,271   USD   1,197
C. Leasing and related activities
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   USD   —
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   —   —   —
Less: Upgrade (3)   —   —   —
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   —   —   —
Write-offs   —   —   —
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   USD   —
D. Total non-performing loans (A+B+C)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   279,608   Rs.   243,310   USD   2,593
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   209,759   198,080   2,111
Less: Upgrade (3)   (57,315   )   (51,068   )   (544   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (85,340   )   (68,629   )   (731   )
Write-offs   (103,402   )   (87,420   )   (932   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year (4)   Rs.   243,310   Rs.   234,273   USD   2,497

(1)   Includes loans identified as impaired in accordance with guidelines issued by regulators of the respective subsidiaries.

(2)   Includes home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, two-wheeler loans, personal loans, credit card receivables, jewel
loans, farm equipment loans and other rural loan products.

(3)   Represents accounts that were previously classified as non-performing but have been upgraded to performing.

(4)   Includes working capital finance.

Gross additions to non-performing consumer loans
decreased from Rs. 176.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 156.5 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to lower additions in unsecured loans
(personal loan and credit card) and mortgage loans. In fiscal 2026, we upgraded non-performing consumer loans of Rs. 40.6 billion as compared
to Rs. 45.9 billion in fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2026, we made recoveries against non-performing consumer loans of Rs. 47.4 billion (fiscal
2025: Rs. 44.1 billion) and wrote off non-performing loans amounting to Rs. 78.1 billion (fiscal 2025: Rs. 74.3 billion). Gross non-performing
consumer loans decreased from Rs. 131.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 122.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

The gross additions to non-performing commercial
loans increased from Rs. 33.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 41.6 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to higher additions in business
banking portfolio. In fiscal 2026, we upgraded non-performing commercial loans amounting to Rs. 10.5 billion as compared to Rs. 11.4 billion
in fiscal 2025 and made recoveries of non-performing commercial loans amounting to Rs. 21.2 billion in fiscal 2026 as compared to Rs.
41.2 billion in fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2026, commercial loans amounting to Rs. 9.3 billion were written off, as compared to Rs. 29.1 billion
in fiscal 2025, based on a borrower-specific evaluation of the probability of recovery and collectability of the loans. Gross non-performing
commercial loans increased from Rs. 111.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 112.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

159

Table of Contents

As a result of the above, our gross non-performing
loans decreased by 3.7% from Rs. 243.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 234.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Our net non-performing
loans decreased by 1.0% from Rs. 61.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 61.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. The net non-performing
loans ratio was 0.4% at year-end fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026.

The total non-fund-based outstanding to borrowers
classified as non-performing was Rs. 21.7 billion at March 31, 2026, as compared to Rs. 30.8 billion at March 31, 2025.

Restructured Loans

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
information regarding roll-forward and average balances of standard restructured loans.

At March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025% change
(in millions, except percentages)
Opening balance (gross restructured loans)   Rs.   35,680   Rs.   23,598   USD   252   (33.9   )
Add: Loans restructured during the year   -   -   -   -
Add: Increase in loans outstanding in respect of previously restructured loans/borrowers   516   1,968   21   281.4
Less: Loans upgraded to standard category during the year   -   -   -   -
Less: Loans downgraded to non-performing category during the year   (1,964   )   (896   )   (10   )   (54.4   )
Less: Repayments/change in management/conversion to equity shares during the year   (10,634   )   (6,397   )   (68   )   (39.8   )
Gross restructured loans   Rs.   23,598   Rs.   18,273   USD   195   (22.6   %)
Provisions for restructured loans   (900   )   (647   )   (7   )   (28.0   )
Net restructured loans   Rs.   22,698   Rs.   17,626   USD   188   (22.3   %)
Average balance of net restructured loans (1)   Rs.   25,824   Rs.   20,695   USD   221   (41.1   %)
Gross loans   Rs.   14,389,294   Rs.   16,620,543   USD   177,135   (15.5   %)
Net loans   Rs.   14,206,637   Rs.   16,446,580   USD   175,281   (15.8   %)
Gross restructured loans as a percentage of gross loans   0.2   %   0.1   %
Net restructured loans as a percentage of net loans   0.2   %   0.1   %

(1)   The average balance is the average of quarterly balances outstanding at the end of March of the previous year and June, September,
December and March of the current year.

(2)   In addition, the Bank holds general provision amounting to Rs. 4,765 million at year-end fiscal 2026 (year-end fiscal 2025: Rs. 5,989
million) on these restructured loans, subject to minimum provisioning requirement as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of
India.

160

Table of Contents

In fiscal 2026, restructured standard loans amounting
to Rs. 1.0 billion were classified as non-performing due to failure of borrowers to perform as per restructured debt terms. The gross
outstanding standard restructured loans decreased from Rs. 23.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 18.3 billion at year-end fiscal
2026, and the net outstanding restructured loans decreased from Rs. 22.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs.17.6 billion at year-end
fiscal 2026.

The Bank’s outstanding non-fund-based facilities
to borrowers whose loans were classified as restructured were Rs. 2.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

The aggregate gross non-performing and standard
restructured loans decreased by Rs. 14.4 billion, or 5.4%, from Rs. 266.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 252.5 billion at year-end
fiscal 2026. The aggregate net non-performing and restructured loans decreased by Rs. 5.7 billion, or 6.7%, from Rs. 84.3 billion at year-end
fiscal 2025 to Rs. 78.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

Provisions and contingencies (excluding provision
for tax)

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the composition of provisions and contingencies, excluding provisions for tax.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Provision for investments (net)   Rs.   8,001   (1)   Rs.   (6,060   )   USD   (65)   N/M%
Provision for non-performing and other assets   41,272   (1)   62,768   669   52.1
Provision for standard assets   7,011   8,355   89   19.2
Others   (7,226   )   (8,675   )   (92   )   20.1
Total provisions and contingencies (excluding provision for tax)   Rs.   49,058   Rs.   56,388   USD   601   14.9   %

(1)   Includes movement of provision amounting to Rs. 16.0 billion on sale of loans to asset reconstruction company and receipts of security
receipts.

(2)   N/M’ means “Not meaningful”.

Provisions and contingencies (excluding provision
for tax) increased by 14.9% from Rs. 49.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 56.4 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in provision
on non-performing and other assets, offset, in part, by a decrease in other provisions and contingencies.

Provision for non-performing and other assets
increased from a provision of Rs 41.3 billion in fiscal 2025 to a provision of Rs. 62.8 billion in fiscal 2026. During fiscal 2025, the
Bank received security receipts on sale of fully provided loans to asset reconstruction company. The Bank continued with the provisions
under ‘Provision for investments’ by transferring from ‘Provisions from non-performing and other assets’. During
fiscal 2026, following its annual supervisory review, the Reserve Bank of India directed the Bank to make a standard asset provision of
Rs. 12.8 billion in respect of a portfolio of agricultural priority sector credit facilities wherein the terms of the facilities were
found to be not fully compliant with the regulatory requirements for classification as agricultural priority sector lending. There is
no change in asset classification or in the terms and conditions applicable to the borrowers or in the repayment behavior of borrowers
as per these terms. This additional standard asset provision will continue until the loans are repaid or renewed in conformity with the
priority sector lending classification guidelines. Excluding the above provision as directed by the Reserve Bank of India, and the movement
of provision on sale of loans to asset reconstruction company during fiscal 2025, the provisions for non-performing and other assets in
fiscal 2026 decreased as compared to fiscal 2025 primarily due to lower

161

Table of Contents

additions to gross non-performing retail and rural advances. During
fiscal 2025, there were higher net additions to non-performing assets primarily in retail and rural loans.

Provision for investments was Rs. 8.0 billion
in fiscal 2025 as compared to a write-back of Rs. 6.1 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to a write-back of provision in the Bank. During
fiscal 2026, the Bank wrote-back provision of Rs. 5.0 billion on redemption of security receipts and Rs. 1.6 billion on debentures due
to receipt of funds, units and conversion into equity shares. During fiscal 2025, ICICI Bank made a provision of Rs. 16.1 billion on security
receipts received on conversion of loans, offset, in part, by a write-back of provisions amounting to Rs. 3.9 billion on its investment
in alternate investment funds, Rs. 2.4 billion on redemption of security receipts and Rs. 0.4 billion on equity shares due to an increase
in share price.

Provision for standard assets increased from Rs.
7.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 8.4 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in provision for standard assets of the Bank.
Provision for standard assets of the Bank increased from Rs. 5.8 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 7.7 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due
to an increase in standard advances book.

Write-back of other provisions and contingencies
increased from Rs. 7.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 8.7 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in write-back of other provisions
and contingencies in the Bank. Write-back of other provisions and contingencies of the Bank increased from Rs. 7.6 billion in fiscal 2025
to Rs. 9.4 billion in fiscal 2026. During fiscal 2026, the Bank primarily made a write-back of Rs. 2.8 billion due to sale of non-banking
assets and a write-back of Rs. 3.4 billion held against non-fund outstanding on account of satisfactory performance of the borrower and
provision for capital work in progress amounting to Rs. 0.9 billion was written-back due to change in policy. During fiscal 2025, the
Bank made a write-back of provision of Rs. 3.2 billion on non-retail restructured non-performing assets upgraded to standard category,
Rs. 0.9 billion due to assessment of provision held due to ongoing litigation in respect of past recovery amounts and Rs. 1.0 billion
on a non-fund-based exposure due to upgrade of borrower account from stage 3 to stage 2 in overseas branches.

Provision for Tax

The provision for income tax expense increased
from Rs. 184.3 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 193.8 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in profit before tax. The effective
tax rate decreased marginally from 25.3% in fiscal 2025 to 25.1% in fiscal 2026.

Financial Position

Assets

The following table sets forth at the dates indicated,
the principal components of assets.

At March 31
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Cash and cash equivalents (1)   Rs.   2,140,235   Rs.   2,649,807   USD   28,241   23.8   %
Investments   8,863,768   8,707,199   92,798   (1.8   )
Advances   14,206,637   16,446,580   175,281   15.8
Fixed assets   158,124   174,203   1,857   10.2
Other assets   969,056   1,061,690   11,315   9.6
Goodwill on consolidation   84,594   105,501   1,124   24.7
Total assets   Rs.   26,422,414   Rs.   29,144,980   USD   310,616   10.3   %

(1)   Includes cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and short notice.

162

Table of Contents

Our total assets increased by 10.3% from Rs. 26,422.4
billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 29,145.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in net advances and cash
and cash equivalents.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents increased by 23.8% from
Rs. 2,140.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 2,649.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in call and short
money lending in India under reverse repo, balance with banks outside India, liquidity adjustment facility, standing deposit facility
lending to the Reserve Bank of India, offset, in part, by a decrease in balances in current account with the Reserve Bank of India.

Investments

Total investments decreased by 1.8% from Rs. 8,863.8
billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 8,707.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

Investments of the Bank decreased from Rs. 5,047.6
billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 4,922.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to a decrease in investments in Government
of India securities.

Investments of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Limited decreased from Rs. 346.4 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 221.9 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to a decrease in position in
government securities and treasury bills.

Investments of ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited increased from Rs. 524.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 577.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2026, primarily due to
accruals and growth in business volume.

Investments of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased
from Rs. 57.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 83.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in
government securities and treasury bills.

Investments of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited increased from Rs. 2,999.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 3,023.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Investments
held to cover linked liabilities decreased from Rs. 1,612.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,510.5 billion at year-end fiscal
2026, primarily due to net outflows and unrealized losses due to equity market performance during the year. Investments, other than investments
held to cover linked liabilities, increased from Rs. 1,387.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,513.0 billion at year-end fiscal
2026 primarily due to net inflows into the fund.

Investments of ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited increased from Rs. 32.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 38.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026, primarily due to
an increase in investments in the mutual fund units.

Our total investment in Government of India securities
decreased by 4.5% from Rs. 5,345.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 5,105.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

See also “
Business—Overview of
Our Products and Services—Investment Banking—Treasury
”.

163

Table of Contents

Classification of investments

Held-to-maturity

The amortized cost of our held-to-maturity
portfolio increased from Rs. 4,875.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 5,196.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2026, primarily due to
an increase in investment in government securities and corporate debt securities. Net unrealized loss on the held-to-maturity portfolio
was Rs. 16.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 as compared to a net unrealized gain of Rs. 121.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Interest
earned on the held-to-maturity debt portfolio increased from Rs. 326.5 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 362.4 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily
due to an increase in average portfolio.

Available-for-sale

The amortized cost of our available-for-sale portfolio
decreased from Rs. 1,192.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,083.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. The investment in government
securities decreased from Rs. 620.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 460.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. The investments in corporate
debt securities increased from Rs. 114.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs 161.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Investments in other
debt securities decreased from Rs. 254.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 226.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Investments in
equity shares increased from Rs. 190.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 217.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. At year-end fiscal
2026, equity shares classified as available-for-sale amounting to Rs. 104.2 billion were held by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited, Rs. 99.1 billion were held by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Rs. 13.5 billion were held by the Bank. Other
investments (primarily comprised of mutual fund units, security receipts, venture fund units and preference shares) increased from Rs.
13.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 17.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

Net unrealized loss on debt
investments was Rs. 1.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 as compared to a net unrealized gain of Rs. 8.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025
primarily due to net unrealized loss on other debt securities. Net unrealized gain on equity securities decreased from Rs. 54.0 billion
at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 21.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

Net unrealized loss on other investments was Rs.
0.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 as compared to a net unrealized gain of Rs. 0.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

Held-for-trading

Investments in held-for-trading debt securities
decreased from Rs. 1,054.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 819.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2026, primarily due to a decrease in
investment in government securities, certificate of deposits, commercial paper and corporate bonds.

Advances

Net advances increased by 15.8% from Rs. 14,206.6
billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 16,446.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in retail advances and business
banking portfolio of ICICI Bank.

Net advances of the Bank increased by 15.8% from
Rs. 13,417.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 15,538.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Net retail advances of the Bank increased
by 9.5% from Rs. 7,172.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 7,851.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Net business banking advances
of the Bank increased by 24.4% from Rs. 2,633.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 3,276.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Net advances
of the Bank’s overseas branches increased by 37.4% from

164

Table of Contents

Rs. 307.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 423.0 billion at year-end
fiscal 2026. See also “
Business – Loan Portfolio
”.

Net advances of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased
by 43.2% from Rs. 98.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 141.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in
loan to Indian corporates/subsidiaries and joint ventures and loan against property.

Net advances of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited
increased by 14.0% from Rs. 275.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 314.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to new disbursements,
offset, in part, by sell-down of retail mortgage loans.

Net advances of ICICI Bank Canada increased by
6.8% from Rs. 266.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 285.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to foreign exchange translation
effect. In CAD terms, loans and advances decreased from CAD 4.47 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to CAD 4.18 billion at year-end fiscal
2026 primarily due to decrease in insured and conventional mortgages.

Fixed and other assets

Fixed assets include premises, furniture and fixtures,
assets given on lease and other fixed assets. Fixed assets increased by 10.2% from Rs. 158.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 174.2
billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

Other assets increased from Rs. 969.1 billion
at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,061.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in mark-to-market on foreign exchange
and derivative transactions, and other advances and deposits, offset, in part, by a decrease in Rural Infrastructure Development Fund
deposits. The Bank is an active participant in the interest and foreign exchange derivatives market. The positive mark-to-market on such
transactions are accounted in ‘Other Assets’ and the negative mark-to-market are accounted in ‘Other Liabilities’.
Other assets of our general insurance business were Rs. 147.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 and Rs. 154.7 billion at year-end fiscal
2026. Other assets of our asset management business were Rs. 11.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 and Rs. 19.0 billion at year-end fiscal
2026.

Goodwill on consolidation

Goodwill on consolidation increased from Rs. 84.6 billion at year-end
fiscal 2025 to Rs. 105.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. During fiscal 2026, the Bank acquired an additional 2% stake in ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company Limited and increased its holdings to 53% and accordingly the Goodwill on consolidation of Rs. 20.6 billion was
recognized, as difference between the consideration paid by the Bank and the carrying value of minority interest. Also, the Bank acquired
an additional 49% stake in ICICI Pension from ICICI Life making it wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank and accordingly, goodwill of Rs.
0.6 billion was recognized.

165

Table of Contents

Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity

The following table sets forth at the dates indicated,
the principal components of liabilities and stockholders’ equity.

At March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Deposits   Rs.   16,416,374   Rs.   18,300,201   USD   195,036   11.5   %
Borrowings (1)   2,188,834   2,202,643   23,475   0.6
Other liabilities (2)   4,529,780   4,846,422   51,651   7.0
Total liabilities   23,134,988   25,349,266   270,162   9.6
Minority interest   148,367   165,110   1,760   11.3
Capital   14,246   14,322   153   0.5
Reserves and surplus (3)   3,124,813   3,616,282   38,541   15.7
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   Rs.   26,422,414   Rs.   29,144,980   USD   310,616   10.3   %

(1)   Includes subordinated debt.

(2)   Includes policy-holders funds.

(3)   Includes employees’
stock options/units outstanding.

Our total liabilities (including capital, reserves
and surplus and minority interest) increased by 10.3% from Rs. 26,422.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 29,145.0 billion at year-end
fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in deposits and net worth.

Deposits

Deposits increased by 11.5% from Rs. 16,416.4
billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 18,300.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

Deposits of the Bank increased by 11.4% from Rs.
16,103.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 17,946.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Term deposits increased by 12.2% from Rs. 9,366.2
billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 10,510.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Savings account deposits increased by 7.9% from Rs. 4,407.7
billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 4,756.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 and current account deposits increased by 15.0% from Rs.
2,329.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 2,679.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. The current and savings account deposits increased
by 10.4% from Rs. 6,737.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 7,435.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Deposits of overseas branches
increased from Rs. 185.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 278.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. The total deposits of the Bank
at year-end fiscal 2026 comprised 93.5% of its funding (i.e., deposits and borrowings) as compared to 92.9% at year-end fiscal 2025. See
also
“Selected Statistical Information—Funding”.

Deposits of ICICI Bank UK increased from Rs. 161.3
billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 213.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in corporate deposits.

Deposits of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs.
175.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 180.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to foreign exchange translation effect.
In CAD terms, deposits decreased from CAD 2.94 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to CAD 2.65 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due
to decrease in term deposits.

Average term account deposits increased by 10.2%
from Rs. 8,990.9 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 9,903.5 billion in fiscal 2026. Average savings account deposits increased by 7.7% from
Rs. 3,984.3 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 4,289.6 billion in fiscal 2026. Average current account deposits increased by 14.0% from Rs.
1,706.9 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,945.4 billion in fiscal 2026. Average current account and savings account deposits increased by
9.6% from Rs. 5,691.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 6,235.0 billion in fiscal 2026. The average current account and savings account ratio
was at 38.6% at year-end fiscal 2026 as compared to 38.8% at year-end fiscal 2025. Average current account and savings

166

Table of Contents

account deposits were 33.6% of the funding (i.e., deposits and borrowings)
for fiscal 2026 as compared to 33.0% for fiscal 2025.

Borrowings

Borrowings increased by 0.6% from Rs. 2,188.8
billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 2,202.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

Borrowings of ICICI Securities Limited increased
from Rs. 208.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 250.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in short term
borrowings in form of commercial papers for placement of fixed deposits with exchanges as margin and to support growth in margin trading
facility book.

Borrowings of ICICI Home Finance Company increased
from Rs. 244.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 269.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in bond borrowing,
term loans from banks and financial institutions and fixed deposits, offset, in part, by decrease in commercial papers.

Borrowings of the Bank increased from Rs. 1,235.4
billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,249.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Net borrowings of overseas branches increased from Rs.
244.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 270.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

Borrowings of ICICI Bank UK increased from Rs.
9.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 22.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in repo borrowings.

Borrowings of ICICI Bank Canada increased from
Rs. 103.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 115.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to foreign exchange translation effect.
In CAD terms, borrowings decreased from CAD 1.73 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to CAD 1.69 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily
due to securitized and treasury borrowings.

Borrowings of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Limited decreased from Rs. 367.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 277.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to a decrease
in Reserve Bank of India borrowings, repo borrowings and call, notice and term borrowings, offset, in part, by increase in tri-party repo
borrowings.

Other liabilities

Other liabilities primarily consist of sundry
creditors, bills payable and liabilities on insurance policies in force pertaining to our insurance subsidiary. Other liabilities increased
by 7.0% from Rs. 4,529.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 4,846.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Liabilities on policies in force
of our life insurance business increased by 0.7% from Rs. 2,943.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 2,965.0 billion at year-end fiscal
2026. Other liabilities of the Bank increased by 25.2% from Rs. 922.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 1,155.4 billion at year-end
fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in mark to market on foreign exchange and derivative transactions and miscellaneous liabilities.

Other liabilities of our general insurance business
increased by 10.2% from Rs. 537.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 595.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to increase
in gross claim outstanding, premium received in advance and balances due to other insurance companies.

167

Table of Contents

Capital and reserves and surplus

Capital and reserves and surplus increased from
Rs. 3,139.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 3,630.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 primarily due to the annual accretion to reserves
and surplus out of profit, offset, in part, by payment of dividend.

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

Please refer to “
Consolidated financial
Statements—Consolidated cash flow statements
.”

Cash and cash equivalents increased by 23.8% from
Rs. 2,140.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 2,649.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

The net cash inflow from operating activities
decreased from Rs. 1,228.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 673.3 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in advances and increase
in other assets, offset in part by, increase in other liabilities and provisions in fiscal 2026 as compared to fiscal 2025.

The net cash outflow from investing activities
decreased from Rs. 772.9 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 130.1 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to a lower net purchase of held-to-maturity
securities in fiscal 2026 as compared to fiscal 2025.

There was a net cash outflow from financing activities
of Rs. 46.6 billion in fiscal 2026 as compared to a net cash inflow of Rs. 55.9 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to a higher repayment
of long-term borrowings and lower net proceeds from short-term borrowings, offset in part by, higher proceeds from long-term borrowings
in fiscal 2026.

For a discussion of our results in fiscal 2025
compared to fiscal 2024 and certain comparative numbers in fiscal 2025, please refer to “Part I — Item 5. Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects” contained in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal 2025 filed with the SEC on July 25, 2025.

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements

Foreign Exchange and Derivatives Contracts

We enter into foreign exchange forwards, options,
swaps and other derivatives products to enable customers to manage their foreign exchange and interest rate risks and to manage our own
foreign exchange and interest rate positions. These instruments are used to manage foreign exchange and interest rate risk relating to
specific groups of on-balance sheet assets and liabilities. For additional details, see also note 13 to our “Consolidated financial
statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Guarantees

We have issued guarantees to support business
requirements of certain of our clients. Guarantees represent irrevocable assurances that the Bank will pay in the event a customer fails
to fulfil its financial or performance obligations. The guarantees are generally for a period not exceeding 10 years. We enter into guarantee
arrangements after conducting appropriate due diligence on our clients. We generally review these facilities on an annual basis. If a
client’s risk profile deteriorates to an unacceptable level, we may choose not to renew the guarantee upon expiry or may require
additional security sufficient to protect our exposure.

Upon default by a client under the terms of the
guarantee, the beneficiary may exercise its rights under the guarantees, and we are obligated to honor payments to the beneficiaries.
Banks and financial institutions are beneficiaries for some of our financial guarantees, so as to enable clients to receive

168

Table of Contents

financial assistance from these banks and financial institutions. If
our clients default on such loans, the banks and financial institutions may exercise their rights under the guarantee and we would be
obligated to honor payments to them.

For additional details, see also note 22(o) to
our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

Commitments

Securitization

ICICI Group primarily securitizes retail loans
through securitization transactions involving special purpose entities, usually constituted as trusts. After securitization of the loans,
we continue to act as the servicing agent, maintain customer account relationships and service these set of loans transferred to the securitization
trusts.

ICICI Group acts in different capacities and under
different contracts for a consideration including as originator, liquidity facility provider, servicing agent credit enhancement provider,
underwriter, and senior contributor. ICICI Group has provided credit enhancements (first loss and second loss enhancement) on securitized
pools originated by the Bank and guarantees (second loss enhancement) provided to the pools originated by a third party.

The total outstanding first loss credit enhancements
at year-end fiscal 2026 were Rs. 0.5 billion and second loss credit enhancements were Rs 0.7 billion for securitized pools originated
by the Bank. With respect to the second loss guarantees provided to the third party originated pools, the outstanding at year-end fiscal
2026 was Rs 1.2 billion.

Loan Commitments

We have outstanding undrawn commitments to provide
loans and financing to customers. The commitments have fixed expiration dates and are generally contingent upon the borrower’s ability
to continue to meet specified credit standards. For additional details, see also note 11 to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Capital Commitments

We are obligated under several capital contracts.
Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature, which have been committed. For additional details, see also note 12 to our “Consolidated
financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Long-term Debt Obligations

Long-term debt represents debt with an original
contractual maturity greater than one year. Maturity distribution is based on contractual residual maturity, or the date at which the
debt is callable at the option of the holder, whichever is earlier.

For additional details, see also note 3 to our
“Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

169

Table of Contents

Time Deposits

Time deposits represent deposits with fixed maturity
terms. Most of the time deposits can be withdrawn by the depositors any time before maturity, subject to certain prepayment charges.

For additional details, see also note 2 to our
“Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

Life Insurance Obligations

Life insurance obligations primarily include liabilities
for life insurance policies, including both unit-linked and non-linked policies.

A unit-linked life insurance policy is a policy
in which the cash value of the policy varies according to the net asset value of units (i.e., shares) in investment assets chosen by the
policyholder. The unit liability is equal to the net asset value of the units in each policy as of the valuation date. The non-unit liability
for linked insurance policies and the liability for non-linked life insurance policies is calculated using the gross premium method using
assumptions for interest, mortality, expense and inflation. For participating policies, the assumptions are also made for future bonuses,
together with allowances for taxation and allocation of profits to shareholders. These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates
at the date of valuation with allowances for adverse deviations.

Total life insurance obligations at year-end fiscal
2026 was Rs. 8,806.28 billion.

Gratuity Obligations

We provide gratuity, which is a defined benefit
retirement plan covering all employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service. The plan provides
a lump sum payment to eligible employees at retirement or termination of employment based on the respective employee’s salary and
years of employment with us.

For additional details, see also note 22(j) to
our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

Pension Obligations

The Bank provides pensions—deferred retirement
plans—covering certain employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. The plans provide for monthly
pension payments to these employees when they retire and are based on the respective employees’ years of service with the Bank,
the applicable salary and a cost-of-living adjustment.

For additional details, see also note 22(j) to
our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

Operating and Finance Lease Obligations

We have commitments under long-term operating
leases and finance leases principally for premises and office equipment.

For additional details, see also note 22(k) to
our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

170

Table of Contents

Capital Resources

We actively manage our capital to meet regulatory
norms and current and future business needs, considering the risks in our businesses, expectations of rating agencies, shareholders and
investors, and the available options of raising capital. Our capital management framework is administered by the Finance Group and the
Risk Management Group under the supervision of the Board and the Risk Committee. The capital adequacy position and assessment is reported
to the Board and the Risk Committee periodically.

Regulatory Capital

The Bank is subject to the Basel III capital adequacy
guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India, which are the Prudential Norms on Capital Adequacy.

The Basel III rules on capital consist of measures
on improving the quality, consistency and transparency of capital, enhancing risk coverage, introducing a supplementary leverage ratio,
reducing pro-cyclicality and promoting counter-cyclical buffers and addressing systemic risk and inter-connectedness.

At year-end fiscal 2026, ICICI Bank was required
to maintain a minimum Common Equity Tier-1 capital ratio of 8.20%, minimum Tier-1 capital ratio of 9.70% and minimum total capital ratio
of 11.70%. The minimum total capital requirement includes a capital conservation buffer of 2.50% and a capital surcharge of 0.20% on account
of the Bank being designated as a domestic systemically important bank. Under Pillar 1 of the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on Basel
III, the Bank follows the standardized approach for measurement of credit risk, the standardized duration method for measurement of market
risk and the basic indicator approach for measurement of operational risk.

The Bank raised Rs. 10.0 billion on June 27, 2025
and Rs. 39.5 billion on November 28, 2025, under unsecured, subordinated, listed, non-convertible, Tier 2, Basel III compliant bonds.

Unconsolidated capital adequacy position

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
regulatory capital, risk-weighted assets and risk-based capital ratios computed in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel
III guidelines and based on the Bank’s unconsolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP.

As per the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines
At year-end fiscal 2025 (1)   At year-end fiscal 2026 (1)   At year-end fiscal 2026 (1)
(in millions, except percentages)
Tier 1 capital   Rs.   2,567,375   Rs.   2,978,178   USD   31,740
Of which: Common equity Tier 1 capital   2,567,375   2,978,178   31,740
Tier 2 capital   99,246   152,155   1,622
Total capital   Rs.   2,666,621   Rs.   3,130,333   USD   33,362
Credit risk: risk-weighted assets   Rs.   13,986,923   Rs.   15,968,834   USD   170,189
Market risk: risk-weighted assets   592,584   445,248   4,745
Operational risk: risk-weighted assets   1,531,537   1,803,169   19,218
Total risk-weighted assets   Rs.   16,111,044   Rs.   18,217,251   USD   194,152
Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   16.0   %   16.4   %
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   16.0   %   16.4   %
Tier 2 risk-based capital ratio   0.6   %   0.8   %
Total risk-based capital ratio   16.6   %   17.2   %

(1)   Post appropriation of proposed dividend

171

Table of Contents

In fiscal 2026, capital funds (net of deductions)
increased by Rs. 463.7 billion from Rs. 2,666.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 3,130.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2026, primarily
due to an increase in retained earnings (net of proposed dividend).

Risk-weighted assets relating to credit risk increased
by Rs. 1,981.9 billion from Rs. 13,986.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 15,968.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2026, primarily due
to an increase in on-balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet exposures.

Risk-weighted assets relating to market risk decreased
by Rs. 147.3 billion from Rs. 592.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 to Rs. 445.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2026, primarily on account
of decrease in investments in Government Securities, Certificate of Deposits (CDs) and Commercial Papers (CPs), offset, in part, by increase
in Net Overnight Open Position (NOOP) limits during fiscal 2026.

Risk-weighted assets relating to operational risk
increased by Rs. 271.6 billion from Rs. 1,531.5 billion at March 31, 2025 to Rs. 1,803.2 billion at March 31, 2026. The operational risk
capital charge is computed based on 15% of the average of the previous three financial years’ gross income and is revised on an
annual basis and the risk-weighted assets are arrived at by multiplying the capital charge by 12.5.

Consolidated capital adequacy position

Consolidation for regulatory capital calculations
is based on the consolidated financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries, in line with the standards on consolidated prudential
reporting issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The entities considered for consolidation for regulatory capital calculations include subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures of the Bank, which carry on activities of a banking or of a financial nature as stated in the reporting
guidelines prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. Entities engaged in the insurance business and businesses not pertaining to financial
services are excluded from consolidation for capital adequacy calculation. Under the Basel III guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India,
equity and other regulatory capital investments in the unconsolidated insurance and non-financial subsidiaries are deducted from consolidated
regulatory capital of the ICICI group.

At year-end fiscal 2026, our total risk-based
capital ratios at the consolidated level as per Basel III guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India were common equity Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio of 16.3%, Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 16.3% and total risk-based capital ratio of 17.1% against the current requirement
of minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.20%, a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 9.70% and a minimum total capital ratio of 11.70%
respectively.

Internal assessment of capital

Our capital management framework includes a comprehensive
internal capital adequacy assessment process conducted annually which determines the adequate level of capitalization required to meet
regulatory norms and current and future business needs. The Bank also performs adequate stress testing, as determined by several stress
scenarios. The internal capital adequacy assessment process is undertaken at both the standalone bank level and the consolidated group
level. The internal capital adequacy

172

Table of Contents

assessment process encompasses capital planning for a four-year time
horizon, assessment of material risks and the relationship between risk and capital.

The capital management framework is complemented
by our risk management framework, which covers the policies, processes, methodologies and frameworks established for the management of
material risks. Stress testing, which is a key aspect of the internal capital adequacy assessment process and the risk management framework,
provides an insight into the impact of extreme but plausible scenarios on the risk profile and capital position. Based on our Board-approved
stress testing framework, we conduct stress tests on our various portfolios and assess the impact on our capital ratios and the adequacy
of our capital buffers for current and future periods. We periodically assess and refine our stress testing framework in an effort to
ensure that the stress scenarios capture material risks as well as reflect possible extreme market moves that could arise as a result
of market conditions and the operating environment. The business and capital plans and the stress testing results of ICICI Group are integrated
into the internal capital adequacy assessment process.

Based on the internal capital adequacy assessment
process, we determine the level of capital that needs to be maintained by considering the following factors in an integrated manner:

·   strategic focus, business plan and growth objectives;

·   regulatory capital requirements as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines;

·   assessment of material risks and impact of stress testing;

·   perception of shareholders and investors;

·   future strategy with regard to investments or divestments in subsidiaries; and

·   evaluation of options to raise capital from domestic and overseas markets, as permitted by the Reserve Bank of India from time to
time.

We continue to monitor relevant developments and
believe that our current robust capital adequacy position and demonstrated track record of access to domestic and overseas markets for
capital raising will enable us to maintain the necessary levels of capital as required by regulations while continuing to grow our business.

Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is the current and prospective
risk arising out of an inability to meet financial commitments as they fall due, through available cash flows or through the sale of assets
at fair market value. It includes both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding an asset portfolio at appropriate maturities
and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner at a reasonable price. We actively monitor our liquidity position
and attempt to maintain adequate liquidity at all times. Most of our incremental funding requirements are met through short-term funding
sources, primarily in the form of deposits including interbank deposits. However, a large portion of our assets, primarily the corporate
and home loan portfolio, have medium or long-term maturities, creating a potential for funding mismatches.

The Bank promotes a continuous information flow
and an active dialogue between the funding and borrowing divisions of the Bank to enable optimal liquidity management. A separate group
is responsible for liquidity management. ICICI Bank is required to submit gap reports in rupee and other major currencies for domestic
operations on a fortnightly basis to the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank prepares

173

Table of Contents

a daily maturity gap analysis for the overseas operations and rupee
book for the domestic operations. Our static gap analysis is also supplemented by a short-term dynamic cash-flow analysis, in order to
provide the liability raising units with a fair estimate of our funding requirements in the near-term. In addition, the Bank monitor its
LCR on a daily basis and certain other liquidity ratios on a fortnightly basis. ICICI Bank has a liquidity contingency plan in place,
through which the Bank monitors key indicators that could signal potential liquidity challenges, to enable us to take necessary measures
to ensure sufficient liquidity.

Sources of Funding and Liquidity

The Bank maintains diverse sources of liquidity
to facilitate flexibility in meeting funding requirements. Incremental operations in India are principally funded by accepting deposits
from retail and corporate depositors. These deposits are augmented by issuance of certificate of deposits, borrowings in the short-term
interbank market, through refinance agencies and through the issuance of bonds. The Bank also has recourse to the liquidity adjustment
facility and marginal standing facility, which are short-term funding arrangements provided by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank generally
maintains a substantial portfolio of high-quality liquid securities that may be sold on an immediate basis to meet our liquidity needs.
ICICI Bank also has the option of managing liquidity by borrowing in the interbank market on a short-term basis. The overnight market,
which is a significant part of the interbank market, is susceptible to volatile interest rates. These interest rates on certain occasions
have reached highs of 100.0% and above. To curtail reliance on such volatile funding sources, our Asset Liability Management Policy stipulates
daily limits for borrowing and lending in this market. ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited also relies on the repo market and
interbank money market for its funding requirements. It is therefore also exposed to similar risk of volatile interest rates. However,
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited being a primary dealer, also has access to the standing liquidity facility and the liquidity
adjustment facility from the Reserve Bank of India.

Our gross liquid assets consist of cash, nostro
balances, overnight and other short-term money market placements, government bonds and treasury bills (including investments eligible
for reserve requirements and net of borrowings on account of repurchase agreements, the liquidity adjustment facility and the marginal
standing facility), corporate bonds (rated AA- and above), other money market investments such as commercial papers and certificates of
deposits and mutual fund investments. The Bank deducts short-term money-market borrowings (borrowings with contractual maturity up to
30 days) from the aggregate of these assets to determine net liquid assets.

The Bank maintains a significant portion of liquid
assets in forms required pursuant to regulatory reserve requirements laid down of the Reserve Bank of India related to maintaining liquidity
to meet our demand and time liabilities. Banks in India are required to maintain an average daily balance of
3% of its net demand and time liabilities by way of cash reserves with the Reserve Bank of India. Banks are allowed to maintain minimum
cash reserves of not less than 90% of the required cash reserve on daily basis during the reporting fortnight, in such a manner that the
average of cash reserve maintained daily shall not be less than the prescribed requirement by the Reserve Bank of India.

The Reserve Bank of India also stipulates a statutory
liquidity ratio applicable to Indian banks, which requires us to maintain a certain percentage of demand and time liabilities in prescribed
investments. At year-end fiscal 2026, the statutory liquidity ratio requirement percentage was 18.0%. Banks are permitted to make use
of the Reserve Bank of India’s liquidity facility, the Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio, against eligible
securities. Further, banks can borrow funds at their discretion by dipping into their statutory liquidity ratio to the extent allowed
under the marginal standing facility. As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the carve-out from the statutory liquidity ratio under
the Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage ratio was 16.0% of net demand and time liabilities at year-end fiscal 2026. For
the marginal standing facility, the carve out is 2.0% of net demand and time liabilities.

174

Table of Contents

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on the Basel III framework on liquidity standards including the liquidity coverage ratio, liquidity risk monitoring tools and LCR disclosure
standards. As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the LCR has been made applicable to Indian banks on a standalone as well as consolidated
basis, with a minimum requirement of 100.0% at year-end fiscal 2026. The LCR requirement is met by investments in high quality liquid
assets. It primarily includes government securities, in excess of the mandatory statutory liquidity ratio and better-rated corporate bonds.
High-quality liquid assets also include a specified portion of mandatory statutory liquidity ratio requirements, held in the form of government
securities under the Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio and marginal standing facility as specified by the Reserve
Bank of India from time to time. The LCR disclosure for the three months ended March 31, 2026 is based on a simple average of daily observations. For non-business days, the previous day weighted and unweighted amounts is carried forward for computation of the simple average for the quarter.
The LCR of ICICI Group was 123.6% for the three months ended March 31, 2026.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on the Basel III framework on liquidity standards — NSFR. These guidelines ensure reduction in funding risk over a longer time horizon
by requiring banks to fund their activities with sufficiently stable sources of funding to mitigate the risk of future funding stress.
As per the guidelines, the NSFR should be equal to at least 100% on an ongoing basis. The NSFR of ICICI Group was 122.3% at year-end fiscal
2026.

In order to enhance liquidity resilience of the
Bank, the Reserve Bank of India had issued revised guidelines on Basel III framework on liquidity standards — LCR— Review
of haircuts on High Quality Liquid Assets and run-off rates on certain categories of deposits on April 21, 2025. Technology has facilitated
ability to make instantaneous bank transfers and withdrawals, leading to an increase in liquidity risks, requiring proactive management.
Based on the revised guidelines, retail deposits with internet and mobile banking facilities are assigned additional run-off factors 2.50%
and level 1 high quality liquid assets denominated in government securities will attract haircuts in line with the circular for liquidity
adjustment facility and marginal standing facility.

Further, funding from non-financial entities such
as trusts (educational/religious/charitable), association of persons, partnerships, proprietorships, limited liability partnerships and
other incorporated entities, shall be categorized as funding from ‘non-financial corporates’ and attract a run-off rate of
40% (as against 100% currently prescribed), unless the above entities are treated as small business customers under the LCR framework.
These revised guidelines has come into force effective April 1, 2026.

The Bank maintains liquid assets in addition to
statutory liquidity ratio and cash reserve ratio requirements. Throughout fiscal 2026, the Bank maintained adequate reserves as per the
regulatory requirements mentioned above.

The following table sets forth the components
of ICICI Bank’s average and balance sheet date liquid assets.

At March 31, 2025   Fortnightly average for fiscal 2026   At March 31, 2026
(in billions)
Statutory liquidity ratio eligible investments and other government securities, net of borrowings on account of repurchase agreement, liquidity adjustment facility and collateralized borrowings   Rs.   4,044.9   Rs.   3,931.0   Rs.   3,947.2
Balance with central banks and current accounts with other banks   1,552.8   1,141.5   1,710.0
Other liquid assets   772.3   997.4   1,472.3
Gross liquid assets   6,370.0   6,069.9   7,129.5
(Less) Short-term borrowings   6.5   2.1   3.9
Net liquid assets   Rs.   6,363.5   Rs.   6,067.8   Rs.   7,125.6

175

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank held net liquid assets totaling to
Rs. 7,125.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2026, compared to Rs. 6,363.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2026, the Bank held fortnightly
average net liquid assets of Rs. 6,067.8 billion. In addition to the amounts included in net liquid assets above, at year-end fiscal 2026,
the Bank also held other fixed income non-government securities totaling to Rs. 0.46 billion compared to Rs. 8.3 billion at year-end fiscal
2025.

Under local regulations, some overseas branches
of the Bank are required to maintain a ‘net due’ position with other ICICI Group entities (i.e., those branches need to be
a net borrower above a specified amount or they cannot be a net lender beyond a specified amount). Accordingly, surplus liquidity maintained
at those branches can be utilized at other ICICI Group entities only to the extent of buffer available in the ‘net due’ position.
At year-end fiscal 2026, such overseas branches of the Bank held net liquid assets of Rs. 499.8 billion (equivalent), which are included
in our overall net liquid assets of the Bank of Rs. 7,125.6 billion.

ICICI Bank also has access to other reliable sources
of liquidity. The Reserve Bank of India conducts repo and reverse repo transactions with banks through its liquidity adjustment facility
and marginal standing facility, to carry out monetary policy and manage liquidity for the Indian banking system. The Reserve Bank of India
stipulates interest rates applicable to fixed rate repo transactions, fixed rate reverse repo transactions agreements and its marginal
standing facility, which are known as the repo rate, reverse repo rate and marginal standing facility rates respectively. In addition,
the Reserve Bank of India also conducts variable rate repo or reverse repo auctions, rates for which are arrived at through competitive
bidding.  In 2022, the Reserve Bank of India operationalized a new standing deposit facility, which replaced the fixed rate
reverse repo as the floor of the liquidity adjustment facility corridor at 25 basis points below the policy repo rate. At year-end fiscal
2026, the Reserve Bank of India repo rate, fixed rate reverse repo rate, standing deposit facility and marginal standing facility rate
were 5.25%, 3.35%, 5.00% and 5.50% respectively. The liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility are available throughout
the year. At year-end fiscal 2026, under the marginal standing facility, in addition to the eligible securities the Bank holds in excess
of the statutory requirement, the Bank could borrow overnight up to 2.0% and 16% facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio (FALLCR) after 2.0% of its net demand and time liabilities outstanding at the end
of the second preceding 14-day period. Further, there is a liquid market for repo transactions with other market counterparties. Banks
may enter into repo transactions with the Reserve Bank of India or other market counterparties against the statutory liquidity ratio eligible
securities that hold in excess of the statutory requirement.

At year-end
fiscal 2026, ICICI Bank had government securities amounting to Rs. 3,961.2 billion eligible for borrowings through the liquidity adjustment
facility and marginal standing facility and FALLCR from the Reserve Bank of
India.

The loan portfolio at the Bank’s overseas
branches as a proportion of the total portfolio increased from 2.3% at year-end fiscal 2025 to 2.7% at year-end fiscal 2026. ICICI Bank
has a well-defined borrowing program for its overseas operations. The incremental wholesale borrowings are primarily in the form of interbank
and money market borrowings. The Bank also raises refinancing from other banks against eligible trade assets. Those loans that meet the
export credit agencies’ criteria are refinanced as per the agreements entered into with these agencies. The Bank also raises deposit
liabilities, in accordance with the regulatory framework of the host country.

ICICI Bank can use its rupee liquidity in India
to meet refinancing needs at its overseas branches, although this may be at a relatively high cost depending on the swap and exchange
rates prevailing at the

176

Table of Contents

time. The terms of the Bank’s bond issuances and loans from other
financial institutions and export credit agencies may contain cross-default clauses, restrictions on its ability to merge or amalgamate
with another entity and restrictions on the Bank’s ability to prematurely redeem or repay such bonds or loans. The terms of the
Bank’s subordinated debt issuances eligible for inclusion in its Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital include the suspension of interest payments
in the event of losses or capital deficiencies and a prohibition on redemption, even at maturity or on specified call option dates, without
the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank is currently not, and does not expect to be, in breach of any material covenants
of the Bank’s borrowings that would be construed as events of default under the terms of such borrowings.

The successful management of credit, market and
operational risk is an important consideration in managing liquidity risk, because the management of these risks affects the evaluation
of our credit ratings by rating agencies. Rating agencies may reduce or indicate their intention to reduce the ratings at any time.

Rating agencies can also decide to withdraw their
ratings of the Bank, which may have the same effect as a reduction in our ratings. Any reduction or withdrawal of in our ratings may increase
our borrowing costs, limit our access to capital markets or adversely affect our ability to sell or market our products, engage in business
transactions, particularly longer-term and derivatives transactions, or retain our customers. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Any downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured
foreign currency debt by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares
and ADSs.
”

To meet expected and unexpected borrowings requirements,
in respect of the Bank’s domestic operations, it may enter into collateralized borrowings in the form of repo transactions with
the Reserve Bank of India, through Clearing Corporation of India Limited (a centralized clearing counterparty), or with market counterparties,
against securities eligible for the statutory liquidity ratio. In general, the market value of securities sold for any such repo is higher
than the value of the cash received, the difference being referred to as a haircut. The Reserve Bank of India has stipulated the haircut
applicable for all such repos with the Reserve Bank of India. In case of borrowings from products settled through Clearing Corporation
of India Limited, members of Clearing Corporation of India Limited’s repo segment are required to maintain margin contributions
in relation to their borrowing/lending obligation at any point of time, which acts as a cushion against any fall in the value of the underlying
collateral.

Further, the Bank is also a member in the triparty
repo segment and may enter into collateralized borrowings in the form of repo transactions on the Triparty Repo Order Matching Platform
provided by Clearcorp Dealing Systems (India) Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Clearing Corporation of India Limited. Clearing Corporation
of India Limited also performs the roles and responsibilities of a triparty repo agent, in terms of Repurchase Transactions (Repo) (Reserve
Bank) Directions, 2018 as amended from time to time. The triparty repo agent has stipulated the haircuts for the eligible securities for
borrowing through its platform and the market value of collateral required for any such loan is higher than the value of the loan.

The Bank holds sufficient securities to meet additional
collateral requirements, if necessary, and has systems and processes in place to ensure sufficient balance in our principal-securities
general ledger account, repo constituent - securities general ledger account, Clearing Corporation of India Limited Securities Guarantee
Fund and tri-party repo margin account, to support the settlement of transactions.

Further, in case of any emergency requirement,
additional securities may be transferred to our securities guarantee fund/collateralized borrowing and lending obligations margin account
on a T+0 basis. For corporate bond repos, the value of the securities is computed after applying the minimum haircut as

177

Table of Contents

stipulated by the clearing house or as bilaterally agreed upon with
our counterparties depending upon the credit rating of the underlying security. The Bank also deals with central counterparties for settlement
of government securities outright and repo transactions, foreign exchange transactions, interest rate and currency derivatives for which
it needs to contribute towards margin obligations. The Bank may be required to post additional collateral under letter of credit, stand-by
letter of credit, bank guarantee and unfunded risk participation agreements if our external credit rating is downgraded.

In respect of overseas branch operations, generally,
there are collateral requirements for transactions which are cleared through clearing houses, bilateral transactions executed under International
Swaps and Derivatives Association Credit Support Annex and International Swaps and Derivatives Association Global Master Repo Agreement. The Asset Liability Management Committee has approved a framework for accepting covenants linked
to a credit rating downgrade of the Bank and a breach in thresholds of certain financial covenants as a part of borrowing agreements.
The Bank’s stress testing includes a scenario linked to potential outflows due to a breach of rating downgrade covenants.

Funding commitments and other off-balance sheet
items impact the liquidity of the Bank. The Bank analyzes the behavioral profile of various components of the off-balance sheet items.
The behavioral analysis includes potential cash flows from off-balance sheet activities, such as draw down under loan commitments, contingent
liabilities and market related transactions. We consider the impact of these cash flows in various liquidity risk reports.

In view of the margin rules for non-centrally
cleared derivatives transactions issued by the BCBS and a discussion paper issued by the Reserve Bank of India, derivatives transactions
are subject to margin-reset provisions and any resulting collateral exchange is governed by the Credit Support Annex entered into by the
Bank, which would require the maintenance of collateral. The Bank considers the increased liquidity requirement on account of valuation
changes in the transactions settled through qualified central counterparties including the clearing corporation of India and other exchange
houses as well as for transactions covered under the Credit Support Annex. We consider the potential outflows on account of such transactions
based on the look-back approach prescribed by Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Volatility in the international debt markets may
constrain our international borrowings. As of March 31, 2026, the Bank did not have any borrowing linked to credit downgrade covenants
that would require the Bank to pay an increased interest rate on the borrowing.

There are restrictions on the use of liquidity
maintained by the United Kingdom and Canada subsidiaries of the Bank to meet their overall liquidity needs. The Office of the Superintendent
of Financial Institutions of Canada has prescribed a limit of 100% of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital (as defined under Canadian regulations)
on the credit exposure to any single entity or a group of connected entities. ICICI Bank Canada has internally capped this credit exposure
at CAD 150 million (30.8% of the limit specified by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, except with respect to
exposure to the ICICI Bank). The limit of CAD 150 million can be increased to a maximum of 75% of capital depending on the credit quality
of the group of connected entities. In fiscal 2026, ICICI Bank Canada was in compliance with both regulatory and their internal limits
on exposures to any single entity, including to ICICI Bank.

As per the Capital Requirements Regulation guidelines
applicable to ICICI Bank UK, a bank shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the effect of the credit risk mitigation,
to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25% of its Tier 1 capital. Where that client is an institution or
where a group of connected clients includes one or more institutions, that value shall not exceed 25% of the bank’s Tier 1 capital
or GBP 130 million, whichever is higher. ICICI Bank UK has a total capital base of USD 378.4 million at year-end fiscal 2026
with
Tier 1 capital of USD 328.4 million at year-end fiscal 2026 with its exposures within regulatory limits
.

178

Table of Contents

Additionally, ICICI Bank UK stipulates various internal limits to manage
exposure concentrations within the Bank. The key parameters of risk concentrations measured include sectoral, country, rating category
based, counterparty and large exposures.

Capital Expenditure

The following tables set forth, for the periods
indicated, certain information related to capital expenditure by category of fixed assets.

Fiscal 2024
Cost at year-end fiscal 2024   Additions/ transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2024
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   94,340   Rs.   9,806 (1)   Rs.   (1,171   )   Rs.   (28,099   )   Rs.   74,876   USD   876
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   111,003   42,595   (4,553   )   (94,384   )   54,661   640
Assets given on lease..   17,902   1   (3   )   (15,034   )   2,866   34
Total   Rs.   223,245   Rs.   52,402   Rs.   (5,727   )   Rs.   (137,517   )   Rs.   132,403   USD   1,550

(1)   Includes gain on revaluation recorded through reserve of Rs. 1,195 million.

Fiscal 2025
Cost at year-end fiscal 2025   Additions/ transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2025
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   102,976   Rs.   13,407 (1)   Rs.   (1,557   )   Rs.   (30,452   )   Rs.   84,374   USD   988
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   149,044   38,214   (8,896   )   (108,203   )   70,159   821
Assets given on lease   17,900   1,223   (210   )   (15,322   )   3,591   42
Total   Rs.   269,920   Rs.   52,844   Rs.   (10,663   )   Rs.   (153,977   )   Rs.   158,124   USD   1,851

(1)   Includes gain on revaluation recorded through reserve of Rs. 7,829 million.

179

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2026
Cost at year-end fiscal 2026   Additions/ transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2026
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   114,826   Rs.   12,127 (1)   Rs.   (723   )   Rs.   (33,749   )   Rs.   92,481   USD   986
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   178,362   34,303   (9,234   )   (126,153   )   77,278   824
Assets given on lease   18,913   1,785   (755   )   (15,499   )   4,444   47
Total   Rs.   312,101   Rs.   48,215   Rs.   (10,712   )   Rs.   (175,401   )   Rs.   174,203   USD   1,857

Includes gain on revaluation recorded through reserve of Rs. 2,969
million

Significant Changes

Except as otherwise stated in this annual report,
we have experienced no significant changes since the date of fiscal 2026 consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report.

Segment Revenues and Assets

The Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on
“segmental reporting” stipulate specified business segments and their definitions, for the purposes of public disclosures
on business information for banks in India.

The consolidated segmental report for fiscal 2026,
based on the segments identified and defined by the Reserve Bank of India, has been presented as follows:

·   Retail Banking includes our exposures which satisfy the four qualifying criteria of “regulatory retail portfolio”
as stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines. These criteria are as follows:

(i)   Orientation criterion: The exposure (both fund-based and non fund-based) is to an individual person or persons or to a small business;
Person under this clause would mean any legal person capable of entering into contracts and would include but not be restricted to individual
and HUF; small business would include partnership firm, trust, private limited companies, public limited companies, co-operative societies
etc. Small business is one where the total average annual turnover is less than Rs 500.0 million. The turnover criterion will be linked
to the average of the last three years in the case of existing entities; projected turnover in the case of new entities; and both actual
and projected turnover for entities which are yet to complete three years.

(ii)   Product criterion: All exposures should take the form of any of the following:

·   revolving credits and lines of credit (including overdrafts);

·   term loans and leases (e.g., installment loans and leases, student and educational loans); and

·   small business facilities and commitments.

180

Table of Contents

(iii)   Low value of individual exposures: The maximum aggregate retail exposure to one counterparty should not exceed the absolute threshold
limit of Rs. 75 million.

(iv)   Granularity criterion: The regulatory retail portfolio should be sufficiently diversified to a degree that reduces the risks in the
portfolio. The aggregate exposure to one counterparty should not exceed 0.2% of the overall retail portfolio.

·   Wholesale Banking includes all advances to trusts, partnership firms, companies and statutory bodies by the Bank which are
not included in the Retail Banking segment, as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

·   Treasury includes the entire investment and derivatives portfolio of the Bank.

·   Other Banking includes leasing operations and other items not attributable to any particular business segment of the Bank.
It also includes the Bank’s banking subsidiaries, i.e., ICICI Bank UK and ICICI Bank Canada.

·   Life Insurance represents results of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

·   General Insurance represents results of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

·   Others include ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, ICICI Venture, ICICI International Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Limited, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., ICICI Securities Inc., ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited,
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited, ICICI Investment Management Company Limited, ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited, ICICI Prudential Pension
Funds Management Company Limited, and I-Process Services (India) Limited.

·   Unallocated includes items such as income tax paid in advance net of provision for tax, deferred tax and provisions to the
extent estimated at the entity level.

Framework for Transfer Pricing

Liabilities of the retail banking and wholesale
banking segments are transfer priced to a central treasury unit, which pools all funds and lends to the business units at appropriate
rates based on the relevant maturity of assets being funded after adjusting for regulatory reserve requirements and a specific charge
for directed lending to certain priority sectors. For deposits and borrowings, the transfer pricing is primarily based on the categories
specified in the Transfer Pricing Policy. Transfer pricing to our asset creation units is based on the incremental cost of deposits (blended
for current account and savings account deposits) and borrowings adjusted for the maturity of the asset (term premium) and regulatory
reserve requirements. The allocated capital is also considered as a source of funding for the purpose of segmental reporting. The internal
revenue and expenses arising from this framework for transfer pricing is adjusted as a part of inter-segment adjustments.

181

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2026 compared with Fiscal 2025

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, profit before tax and minority interest of various segments.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail Banking   Rs.   216,210   Rs.   232,443   USD   2,477   14.7   %
Wholesale Banking   215,646   244,890   2,610   13.6
Treasury   187,503   172,509   1,839   (8.0   )
Other Banking   14,512   17,027   181   17.3
Life Insurance   13,364   18,077   193   35.3
General Insurance   33,213   36,590   390   10.2
Others   74,231   83,785   893   12.9
Inter-Segment adjustments   (26,145   )   (34,746   )   (370   )   32.9
Share of profit from associates   1,507   2,629   28   74.5
Profit before tax   Rs.   730,040   Rs.   773,202   USD   8,241   5.9   %

Retail Banking

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our retail banking segment.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   437,579   Rs.   473,984   USD   5,052   8.3   %
Other income   154,413   160,253   1,708   3.8
Total income   591,992   634,237   6,760   7.1
Operating expenses   304,472   328,216   3,498   7.8
Profit before provisions   287,520   306,021   3,261   6.4
Provisions   71,310   73,579   784   3.2
Profit before tax   Rs.   216,210   232,442   USD   2,477   7.5   %

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities for our retail banking segment.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   7,651,343   Rs.   8,504,767   USD   90,640   11.2   %
Deposits   10,773,819   11,827,866   126,056   9.8

The profit before tax of the retail banking segment
increased by 7.5% from Rs. 216.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 232.4 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in net interest
income and other income, offset, in part, by an increase in operating expenses and provisions.

Net interest income increased by 8.3% from Rs.
437.6 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 474.0 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to growth in the average loan portfolio.

Other income increased by 3.8% from Rs. 154.4
billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 160.2 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in lending linked fee, transaction banking, deposit
linked fees and income from foreign exchange and derivatives products.

182

Table of Contents

Operating expenses increased by 7.8% from Rs.
304.5 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 328.22 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in employee expenses, technology related
expenses, direct marketing agency expenses and reward point expenses.

During fiscal 2026, the Bank has recognized the
impact of new labour Codes and the provision for retirement benefit obligations were higher on account of movement in government securities
yields during fiscal 2026.

Provisions (net of write-back) increased from
Rs. 71.3 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 73.6 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to higher net additions to non-performing assets.

During fiscal 2026, following
its annual supervisory review, the Reserve Bank of India has directed the Bank to make a standard asset provision of Rs. 12.8 billion
in respect of a portfolio of agricultural priority sector credit facilities wherein the terms of the facilities were found to be not fully
compliant with the regulatory requirements for classification as agricultural priority sector lending. There is no change in asset classification
or in the terms and conditions applicable to the borrowers or in the repayment behavior of borrowers as per these terms. This additional
standard asset provision will continue until the loans are repaid or renewed in conformity with the priority sector lending classification
guidelines.

Wholesale Banking

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our wholesale banking segment.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025% change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   201,730   Rs.   227,996   USD   2,430   13.0   %
Other income   81,588   97,565   1,040   19.6
Total income   283,318   325,561   3,470   14.9
Operating expenses   90,214   99,725   1,063   10.5
Profit before provisions   193,104   225,836   2,407   16.9
Provisions   (22,542   )   (19,054   )   (203   )   -
Profit before tax   Rs.   215,646   Rs.   244,890   USD   2,610   13.6

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities for our wholesale banking segment.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   5,275,202   Rs.   6,550,838   USD   69,816   24.2   %
Deposits   5,269,004   6,060,551   64,591   15.0

The profit before tax of the wholesale banking
segment increased by 13.6% from Rs. 215.6 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 244.9 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in
net interest income, other income offset, in part, by an increase in operating expenses and lower write-backs of provisions.

Net interest income increased by 13.0% from Rs.
201.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 228.0 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to a growth in average loan portfolio.

183

Table of Contents

Other income increased by 19.6% from Rs. 81.6
billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 97.6 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in income from foreign exchange and derivatives
transactions commercial banking fees, lending fees and gain on sale of non-banking assets.

Operating expenses increased by 10.5% from Rs.
90.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 99.7 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in employee expenses and technology related
expenses.

Write-back of provisions decreased from Rs. 22.5
billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 19.0 billion in fiscal 2026. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Consolidated
Income Information—Provisions and Contingencies (Excluding Provision for Tax)”.

Treasury

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our treasury segment.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   163,794   Rs.   165,006   USD   1,759   0.7   %
Other income   47,223   48,989   522   3.7
Total income   211,017   213,995   2,281   1.4
Operating expenses   24,754   39,681   423   60.3
Profit before provisions   186,263   174,314   1,858   (6.4   )
Share of profit from associates   (1,507   )   (2,629   )   (9   )   N/M
Provisions   (2,747   )   (824   )   (28   )   N/M
Profit before tax   Rs.   187,503   Rs.   172,509   USD   1,839   (8.0)   %

(1)   ‘N/M’ means “Not meaningful”.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the closing balances of key assets and liabilities for our treasury segment.

Closing balance at March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   5,057,918   Rs.   4,935,157   USD   52,597   (2.4   %)
Borrowings   1,235,383   1,249,941   13,321   1.2

Our treasury operations include the maintenance
and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign exchange and derivatives
products and services, such as forward contracts, swaps and options.

The profit before tax of the treasury segment
decreased by 8.0% from Rs. 187.5 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 172.5 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in operating
expenses offset, in part, by an increase in net interest income and other income.

Net interest income increased by 0.7% from Rs.
163.8 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 165.0 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in average investment portfolio.

184

Table of Contents

Other income increased by 7.2% from Rs. 47.1 billion
in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 49.0 billion in fiscal 2026. The dividend from subsidiaries and joint ventures was Rs. 34.6 billion in fiscal 2026,
compared to Rs. 26.2 billion in fiscal 2025.

Operating expenses increased by 60.3 % from Rs.
24.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 39.7 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in premium paid towards purchase of priority-sector
lending certificates along with increase in rates.

Provisions on investments decreased from Rs. 2.7
billion in fiscal 2025 to a write-back of Rs. 0.8 billion in fiscal 2026. During fiscal 2025, the Bank primarily made a write-back of
provision of Rs. 3.9 billion on its investments in AIFs.

Other Banking

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our other banking segment.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   21,149   Rs.   24,861   USD   265   17.2   %
Other income   7,376   6,910   74   (6.3   )
Total income   28,525   31,771   339   11.4
Operating expenses   12,201   13,840   148   13.4
Profit before provisions   16,324   17,931   191   9.8
Provisions   1,813   904   10
Profit before tax   Rs.   14,511   Rs.   17,027   USD   181   (17.3   )%

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the outstanding balances of the key assets and liabilities for our other banking segment.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   856,480   Rs.   909,314   USD   9,691   6.2   %
Investments   84,943   118,426   1,262   (39.4   )
Deposits   397,458   451,979   4,817   13.7
Borrowings   Rs.   112,564   Rs.   138,260   USD   1,474   (22.8   )%

Other banking business includes our leasing operations,
our overseas banking subsidiaries and other items not attributable to any particular business segment of the Bank.

The profit before tax of the other banking segment
increased by 17.3% from Rs. 14.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 17.0 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to increase in provision.

Net interest income increased by 17.6% from Rs.
21.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 29.9 billion in fiscal 2026.

Other income decreased by 6.3% from Rs. 7.4 billion
in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 6.9 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to a decrease in other income of banking subsidiaries.

185

Table of Contents

Operating expenses increased by 13.4% from Rs.
12.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 13.8 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in operating expenses of the banking subsidiaries.

Provisions decreased from Rs. 1.8 billion in fiscal
2025 to Rs. 0.90 billion in fiscal 2026.

Life Insurance

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our life insurance segment.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Premium earned   Rs.   489,510   Rs.   531,250   USD   5,662   8.5   %
Premium on re-insurance ceded and accepted   (16,910   )   (17,890   )   (191   )   5.8
Net premium earned   472,600   513,360   5,471   8.6
Other income   28,960   29,720   317   2.6
Investment income   100,760   111,040   1,183   10.2
Total income   602,320   654,120   6,971   8.6
Commission paid   48,590   57,263   610   17.8
Claims/benefits paid   91,420   151,370   1,613   65.6
Operating expenses   43,370   38,700   412   (10.8   )
Total expenses   183,380   247,333   2,635   34.9
Transfer to linked funds   233,870   239,990   2,558   2.6
Provisions for policy holder liabilities (non-linked)   171,710   148,720   1,585   (13.4   )
Profit before tax   Rs.   13,360   Rs.   18,077   USD   193   35.3   %

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the outstanding balance of key assets and liabilities for our life insurance segment.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   1,387,041   Rs.   1,513,190   USD   16,127   9.1   %
Assets held to cover linked liabilities   1,612,399   1,510,296   16,096   (6.3   )
Liabilities on life policies   Rs.   2,943,056   Rs.   2,964,991   USD   31,600   0.7   %

The profit before tax of ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited increased by 35.3% from Rs. 13.4 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 18.10 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to
an increase in premium earned and an increase in investment income.

The total premium income of ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited increased by 8.5% from Rs. 489.5 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 531.3 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to
an increase in retail renewal premium and group premium. Net retail renewal premium increased by 7.5 % from Rs. 255.0 billion in fiscal
2025 to Rs. 274.3 billion in fiscal 2026. Net group premium increased by 16.4% from Rs. 134.1 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 156.1 billion
in fiscal 2026.

186

Table of Contents

Other income of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited increased by 2.6% from Rs. 29.0 billion fiscal 2025 to Rs. 29.7 billion fiscal 2026.

Investment income of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited increased by 10.2% from Rs. 100.8 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 111.0 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase
in interest income, rent, dividend and profit on sale of investments.

Commission expenses of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited increased by 17.8% from Rs. 48.6 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 57.3 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to disallowance
of Goods and Service tax input tax credit on retail business pursuant to changes in the tax regulations during fiscal 2026 and shift in
product mix and channel mix.

Claims and benefit payouts of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited increased by 65.6% from Rs. 91.4 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 151.4 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due
to an increase in maturity claims and higher surrender.

Transfer to linked funds including the investible
portion of the premium on linked policies of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited increased by 2.7% from Rs. 233.9 billion
in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 240.0 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in linked premium. The investible portion of the premium
on linked policies of life insurance represents the premium income including renewal premium received on linked policies of life insurance
business invested, after deducting charges and premium for risk coverage, in the underlying asset or index chosen by the policy holder.
Provision for policyholder liabilities decreased from Rs. 171.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 148.7 billion in fiscal 2026.

Employee expenses were stable at Rs. 18.8 in fiscal
2025 and fiscal 2026. Other operating expenses decreased from Rs. 24.7 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 19.9 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily
due to lower advertisement cost and reversal of provisions offset, in part, by disallowance of Goods and Service tax input tax retail
business pursuant to changes in the tax regulations during fiscal 2026.

General Insurance

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our general insurance segment.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change (1)
(in millions, except percentages)
Gross written premium (including premium on re-insurance accepted)   Rs.   282,577   Rs.   306,181   USD   3,263   8.8   %
Premium on re-insurance ceded   (74,967   )   (72,436   )   (772   )   (3.4   )
Unexpired risk reserve   (9,609   )   (11,109   )   (118   )   15.6
Net premium earned   198,001   222,636   2,373   12.4
Commission (net)   (38,380   )   (44,842   )   (478   )   16.8
Investment income   42,499   47,424   505   11.6
Total income   202,120   225,218   2,400   11.4
Operating expenses   28,448   30,586   326   7.5
Claims/benefits paid (net)   139,868   158,285   1,687   13.5
Other expenses (net)   594   (243   )   (3   )   N/M
Total expense   168,910   188,628   2,010   11.7
Profit/(loss) before tax   Rs.   33,210   Rs.   36,590   USD   390   10.2   %

187

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change (1)
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   524,751   Rs.   577,681   USD   6,157   10.1   %
Current liabilities including claims outstanding   427,395   475,854   5,071   11.3
Provisions   Rs.   112,967   Rs.   124,533   USD   1,327   10.2

The profit before tax of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
increased by 10.2% from Rs. 33.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 36.6 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in net earned
premium and investment income, offset, in part, by an increase in operating expenses and claim incurred.

The gross written premium (including premium on re-insurance accepted)
income increased by 8.4% from Rs. 282.6 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 306.2 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in fire,
motor and health insurance business. The net premium income increased from Rs.198.0 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 222.6 billion in fiscal
2026 primarily due to an increase in motor and health insurance business.

Net commission expense increased from Rs. 38.4 billion in fiscal 2025
to Rs. 44.8 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in commission expense on motor and health insurance business.

Investment income increased by 11.53% from Rs. 42.5 billion in
fiscal 2025 to Rs. 47.4 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in interest earned and growth in business volume.
Operating expenses increased by 7.5% from Rs. 28.4 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 30.6 billion in fiscal 2026.

Claims/benefits paid increased by 13.2% from Rs. 139.9 billion in fiscal
2025 to Rs. 158.3 billion in fiscal 2026. Loss ratio (net claim incurred / net premium earned) was 70.6% at year-end fiscal 2025 and 71.1%
at year-end fiscal 2026.

Others

The “others” segment mainly includes
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Venture, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited
and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited.

ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited
manages the ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, a leading mutual fund in India.

ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited are engaged in equity underwriting, brokerage and primary dealership in government securities, respectively.
ICICI Securities Limited owns icicidirect.com, a leading online brokerage platform and is engaged in equities underwriting, securities
brokerage and distribution of financial products.

188

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our others segment.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026   2026/2025 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   26,495   Rs.   34,736   USD   370   31.1   %
Other income   107,174   108,145   1,153   0.9
Total income   133,669   142,881   1,523   6.9
Operating expenses   57,879   58,395   622   0.9
Operating profit before provisions   75,790   84,486   901   11.5
Provision and contingencies   1,558   702   7   (54.9   )
Profit before tax   Rs.   74,232   Rs.   83,784   USD   894   12.9   %

The profit before tax of the others segment increased
by 12.9% from Rs. 74.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 83.8 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in profit before tax of
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited and ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited.

Net interest income increased by 31.1% from Rs.
26.5 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 34.7 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in net interest income of our securities brokerage
subsidiary, housing finance subsidiary and primary dealership subsidiary.

Other income increased by 0.9% from Rs. 107.2
billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 108.1 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in management fees from equity and hybrid scheme,
AIFs and PMS and advisory fees of our asset management subsidiary offset, in part, by lower trading gain in our primary dealership subsidiary.

Operating expenses increased by 0.9% from Rs.
57.9 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 58.4 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to an increase in other operating expenses of our housing
finance subsidiary and asset management subsidiary, offset, in part, by decrease in operating expenses of securities brokerage subsidiary.

The profit before tax of ICICI Securities Limited
decreased from Rs. 23.9 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 22.9 billion in fiscal 2026 primarily due to decrease in fee income offset, in part,
by decrease in operating expenses and net interest income.

The profit before tax of ICICI Prudential Asset
Management Company Limited increased from Rs. 35.3 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 44.06 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase
in income from fund operations, offset, in part, by an increase in staff cost and other administrative expenses.

The profit before tax of ICICI Securities Primary
Dealership Limited decreased from Rs. 7.2 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 6.0 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to a decrease in other
income and increase in staff cost and other administrative expenses offset, in part, by increase in net interest income.

The profit before tax of ICICI Home Finance Company
Limited increased from Rs. 7.4 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 8.9 billion in fiscal 2026, primarily due to an increase in net interest
income and fee income, offset, in part, by an increase in staff cost and other administrative expenses.

For a discussion of our results in fiscal 2025
compared to fiscal 2024 and certain comparative numbers in fiscal 2024, please refer to “Part I — Item 5. Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects” contained in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal 2025 filed with the SEC on July 25, 2025.

189

Table of Contents

Reconciliation of Net Profit (after minority interest) between
Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP

Our consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, which differs in certain aspects from U.S. GAAP. The following discussion
explains the significant adjustments to our consolidated profit after tax under Indian GAAP in fiscal 2026, fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024
that would result from the application of U.S. GAAP instead of Indian GAAP.

Consolidated net
income attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank under U.S. GAAP increased from Rs. 513.5 billion in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 560.4 billion
in fiscal 2026, while profit after tax attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank under Indian GAAP increased from Rs. 510.3 billion
in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 542.1 billion in fiscal 2026.

The difference in
accounting for the allowances of credit losses resulted in a higher net income by Rs. 7.4 billion in fiscal 2026 (fiscal 2025: lower
net income by Rs. 14.1 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP. During fiscal 2026, based on Reserve Bank of India direction
the Bank had made a standard asset provision of Rs. 12.8 billion in respect of a portfolio of agricultural priority sector credit facilities
wherein the terms of the facilities were found to be not fully compliant with the regulatory requirements for classification as agricultural
priority sector lending. This provision was not made under U.S. GAAP where the lifetime current expected credit loss is recognized.

The ICICI Group
applies management overlays to its model-based estimates where appropriate. These overlays reflect adjustments to the probability of
default to address limitations in the statistical models, particularly where future economic conditions may evolve differently from the
historical patterns considered while developing these models. The overlays ensure that the expected credit loss estimates remain relevant
and incorporate forward-looking risks that are otherwise difficult to quantify using a model, such as elevated geopolitical risks along
with the attendant volatility in oil and commodity prices, expected uneven distribution of monsoon in India due to the effect of El Nino,
geo-economic fragmentation,, moderation expected in global as well as Indian growth, rising inflationary pressures,, moderation in IT
services growth and artificial intelligence (AI) developments. Accordingly, the Bank made management overlay on credit exposures under
U.S. GAAP at March 31, 2026.

See also
note
21(a) to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes”
 included herein.

The difference in
accounting for the valuation of debt and equity securities resulted in lower net income by Rs. 4.8 billion in fiscal 2026 as compared
to lower income of Rs. 21.1 billion in fiscal 2025 under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP. This was primarily due to accounting
of unrealized losses on equity investments in net income under U.S. GAAP, which were primarily recognized in the AFS reserve under Indian
GAAP where these equity investments were classified as available for sale.

The difference on
account of business combination accounting resulted in a lower net income by Rs. 3.6 billion under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2026 (fiscal 2025:
lower net income by Rs. 3.6 billion).

The difference in
accounting for consolidation resulted in higher net income by Rs. 8.0 billion in fiscal 2026 as compared to higher net income by Rs.
11.2 billion in fiscal 2025 under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2026, our life insurance affiliate made a net income
of Rs. 32.5 billion (fiscal 2025: net income: Rs. 33.6 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to net profit of Rs. 16.1 billion (fiscal
2025: Rs. 11.9 billion) under Indian GAAP. The higher net income was primarily on account of lower policyholders’ liabilities and
unallocated policyholders’ surplus and due to amortization of deferred acquisition cost, offset in part by, marked-to-market loss
on trading portfolio and equity securities. See also note 22(h) to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming
part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes” included herein.

The total differences
in amortization of fees and costs were Rs. 9.0 billion in fiscal 2026 (fiscal 2025: Rs. 8.5 billion).

We earn fees and
incur costs on the origination of loans which are recognized upfront under Indian GAAP but are amortized under U.S. GAAP. Amortization
of loan origination fees and costs resulted in higher income by Rs. 3.6 billion in fiscal 2026 (fiscal 2025: lower net income by Rs.
1.3 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP. Retirement benefit cost was lower by Rs. 2.4 billion in fiscal 2026 (fiscal
2025: higher by Rs. 1.9 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP. While under Indian GAAP, actuarial gain or loss is recognized
in the profit and loss account, under U.S. GAAP, the actuarial gain/loss is recognized through other comprehensive income and thereafter
amortized through the income statement. Further, the past service cost on account of change in labour code is also recognized through
other comprehensive income and thereafter amortised through the income statement as compared to Indian GAAP where the same is recognized
in profit and loss account. The actuarial loss for fiscal 2026 recognized through other comprehensive income were higher as compared
to amortization of actuarial losses for previous years from other comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP, resulting in retirement benefit
costs being lower under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2026 as compared to Indian GAAP. See also “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes -Note 21(e)
” included herein.

Deferred tax expenses
were lower by Rs. 3.9 billion in fiscal 2026 (fiscal 2025: Rs. 19.7 billion) under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP.

Deferred taxes are
recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates under U.S. GAAP while under Indian
GAAP, no deferred taxes are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In fiscal
2026, there was decrease in deferred tax assets by Rs. 2.3 billion under US GAAP as compared to increase in deferred tax assets by Rs.
3.7 billion in fiscal 2025.

The Bank and its
housing finance subsidiary create a Special Reserve through appropriation of profits, in order to avail the tax benefits as per the Income
Tax Act. Under Indian GAAP, deferred tax liability has been recognized on such Special Reserve in accordance with the guidelines issued
by Reserve Bank of India. Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are recognized and measured based on the expected manner of recovery and deferred
taxes are not recognized if the expected manner of recovery does not give rise to tax consequences. Accordingly, a deferred tax liability
was not created on the Special Reserve based on the ICICI Group’s continuing intention to not ever withdraw/utilize such Special
Reserve and based on an opinion from the legal counsel about non-taxability of such Special Reserve in the scenario of liquidation. In
fiscal 2026, deferred tax expenses were lower by Rs. 8.5 billion (fiscal 2025: 8.0 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP.

Further, there was
a difference due to the negative tax impact of Rs. 0.6 billion in fiscal 2026 on U.S. GAAP adjustments over Indian GAAP as compared to
the positive tax impact of Rs. 7.3 billion in fiscal 2025. See also “
Consolidated financial statements
—
Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes—Note 21(i)
” included herein.

Consolidated net
income attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 513.5 billion in fiscal 2025 under U.S. GAAP was higher than the profit
after tax attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 510.3 billion under Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2025, the net income under
U.S. GAAP was higher primarily due to the positive impact of amortization of loan processing fees net of costs, higher net income of
our life insurance affiliate under U.S.GAAP as compared to net gain under Indian GAAP, lower deferred tax expenses under U.S. GAAP as
compared to Indian GAAP offset in part by, higher loan loss provisioning under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP.

Consolidated net
income attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 613.8 billion in fiscal 2024 under U.S. GAAP was higher than the profit
after tax attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 442.6 billion under Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2024, the net income under
U.S. GAAP was higher primarily due to fair value gain on ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, the positive impact of amortization
of loan processing fees net of costs, higher net income of our life insurance affiliate under U.S.GAAP as compared to net gain under
Indian GAAP, lower deferred tax expenses under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP offset in part by, higher loan loss provisioning
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP.

For a further description
of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP, a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP
and certain additional information required under U.S. GAAP, see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements included herein.

Research and Development

We focus on strengthening our technological capabilities,
with key priorities of resilience, scalability and security of our platforms. We continue to invest in new technology platforms and work
on emerging technologies like cloud adoption and exploring potential usage of AI across banking use cases.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

To understand our financial condition and the
results of operations, it is important to understand our critical accounting policies and estimates and the extent to which we use judgments
and estimates in applying those policies. Our accounting and reporting policies are in accordance with Indian GAAP and conform to standard
accounting practices relevant to our products and services and the businesses in which we operate. Indian GAAP requires us to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as of the date of the financial
statements and the reported income and expenses in the reported period. Accordingly, we use a significant amount of judgment and estimates
based on assumptions for which the actual results are uncertain when we make the estimation. See also “
Consolidated Financial
Statements—Schedule 17—Significant Accounting Policies
” included herein.

ICICI Bank

Revenue recognition

Interest income is recognized in the profit and
loss account as it accrues, except in the case of non-performing assets where it is recognized upon realization as per the income recognition
and asset classification norms of the Reserve Bank of India. Income on discounted instruments is recognized over the tenure of the instrument
on a constant-yield basis. Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive the dividend is established. Commissions
received on guarantees and letters of credit issued and annual/renewal fees on credit cards, debit cards and prepaid cards are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the contractual period of the fees. Fees paid/received for priority sector lending certificates are amortized
on straight-line basis over the period of the certificate. All other fees are accounted for as and when they become due where the Bank
is reasonably certain of ultimate collection.

Revenue recognition involves uncertainties and
are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made for collectability of the income. Changes in assumptions could significantly
affect these estimates and the resulting recognition.

Accounting for Investments

ICICI Bank follows the trade-date method of accounting
for the purchase and sale of investments, except for Government of India and state government securities, for which the settlement date
method of accounting is followed as per the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines.

190

Table of Contents

Through March 31, 2024, the Bank had been following
accounting policies for investments primarily based on the Master Direction Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio
of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2021 where securities were valued scrip-wise and classified into (a) held-to-maturity, (b) available-for-sale
and (c) held-for-trading. Depreciation/appreciation on securities was aggregated for each category. Net appreciation in each category
under each investment classification, if any, being unrealized, was ignored, while net depreciation in each category was provided. Held-to-maturity
securities were carried at their acquisition cost or at amortized cost, if acquired at a premium over the face value. Any premium over
the face value of fixed-and floating-rate securities acquired was amortized over the remaining period until maturity on a constant-yield
and straight-line basis, respectively.

With effect from April 1, 2024, the Bank implemented
the Master Direction - Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2023 and transitional
adjustments have been recorded as per the directions. Accordingly, as stated below, the significant accounting policies with respect to
investments have been modified.

All investments
are recognized at fair value on initial recognition, primarily amounting to the acquisition cost. Where facts and circumstances suggest
that the fair value is materially different from the acquisition cost, the difference between the fair value and the acquisition cost
is recognized in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines.

All investments are classified into the following
categories: (a) held-to-maturity, (b) available-for-sale and (c) fair value through profit and loss account including held-for-trading
on the date of purchase as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines on classification, valuation and operation of investment portfolio
by banks. Held-for-trading is a separate investment sub-category within fair value through profit and loss. Under each classification,
the investments are further categorized as (a) government securities, (b) other approved securities, (c) shares, (d) bonds and debentures
and(e) others. Further, all the investments including debt investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are classified in
a separate category.

Investments are classified as held-to-maturity
if (i) the security is acquired with the intention and objective of holding it to maturity, i.e., the financial assets are held with an
objective to collect the contractual cash flows and (ii) the contractual terms of the security give rise to cash flows that are solely
payments of principal and interest on principal outstanding on specified dates. Held-to-maturity securities are carried at cost. Any premium
or discount over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered securities acquired is amortized over the remaining period to
maturity on a constant yield basis and straight-line basis respectively.

Investments are classified as available-for-sale
if (i) the security is acquired with an objective that is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling securities and
(ii) the contractual terms of the security meet the solely payments of principal and interest criterion. Further, certain equity investments
are also designated as available-for-sale investments, where on initial recognition, the Bank has made an irrevocable election to classify
such equity investments as available-for-sale investments. Investments classified as available-for-sale are fair valued periodically as
per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Any premium or discount over/below the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered
securities acquired is amortized over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight-line basis respectively.
The unrealized gain or loss across all performing available-for-sale investments (adjusted for effect of taxes, if any) is recognized
in “available-for-sale reserves”.

Securities that do not qualify for inclusion in
held-to-maturity or available-for-sale are classified under fair value through profit and loss account securities. There is a separate
sub-category called held-for-trading within fair value through profit and loss account. The held-for-trading investments primarily

191

Table of Contents

include listed equity investments (except for equity investments designated
as available-for-sale investments) and debt securities acquired with an intent to sale. Investments classified as fair value through profit
and loss account are fair valued periodically as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Any premium or discount over the face value
of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered securities acquired which pass the solely payments of principal and interest criterion is amortized
over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight-line basis respectively. The unrealized gain or loss across
all performing fair value through profit and loss account investments is aggregated across all categories and net appreciation/depreciation
is recognized in profit and loss account.

All investments (including debt and equity) in
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are held at acquisition cost. Any premium or discount over/below the face value of fixed rate
and floating rate/staggered securities acquired is amortized over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight-line
basis respectively. The Bank assesses investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associate for any other temporary diminution in
value and appropriate provisions are made.

Costs, including brokerage and commission fees
pertaining to trading book investments paid at the time of acquisition and broken period interest, the amount of interest from the previous
interest payment date until the date of purchase of instruments, on debt instruments, are charged to the profit and loss account.

For the purposes of initial recognition and subsequent
measurement, investments are fair valued based on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Securities are valued scrip-wise.

Quoted investments are valued periodically based
on the closing quotes on recognized stock exchanges or prices declared by Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association/Financial
Benchmark India Private Limited.

The Bank computes the market/fair value of its
unquoted government securities, which are in the nature of statutory liquidity ratio securities included in the available-for-sale and
fair value through profit and loss account categories in accordance with rates published by the Financial Benchmark India Private Limited.
For unquoted corporate bonds, the Bank computes the market value in accordance with the security-level valuations published by the Fixed
Income Monetary Market and Derivatives Association.

The Bank computes the market value of unquoted
non-government fixed income securities, including pass through certificates, wherever they are linked to the yield-to-maturity rates,
with a mark-up, reflecting associated credit risk, over the yield to maturity rates for government securities published by the Fixed Income
Money Market and Derivatives Association. The sovereign foreign securities and non-rupee India-linked bonds are valued based on prices
published by the sovereign regulator or on counterparty quotes.

Treasury bills, commercial papers and certificate
of deposits, being discounted instruments, are valued at carrying cost.

The units of mutual funds are valued at the latest
repurchase price/net asset value declared by the mutual fund.

The Bank computes the market value of its unquoted
equity shares at the break-up value, if the latest balance sheet is available. If such a balance sheet is not available or is older than
18 months, the unquoted equity shares are valued at Re. 1 in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Investments in units of venture capital funds/AIFs
are recognized under fair value through profit and loss account category and are valued at the net asset value declared by the venture
capital fund/AIFs. If

192

Table of Contents

the latest net asset values are not available continuously for more
than 18 months, the units of venture capital funds/AIFs are valued at Re. 1, in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines.

Units of infrastructure investment trusts are
valued as per the quoted price available on the exchange.

The Bank values securities receipts at the net
asset value provided by asset reconstruction companies. The Bank makes additional provisions on the security receipts based on the remaining
period of the resolution period. Security receipts which are outstanding and not redeemed as of the resolution period are treated as loss
assets and are fully provided for. Provision on the fully provided security receipts including receipts guaranteed by the Government of
India, is reversed through profit and loss account on actual receipts of recoveries or approval of claims, if any, by the Government of
India.

Impairment of non-performing investments is made
as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of the Reserve Bank of India.

Gains/losses on sale of investments, except available-for-sale
equity investments, are recognized in the profit and loss account. Costs of investments are computed based on the first-in-first-out method.
The realized gains or losses on available-for-sale equity investments are recognized in available-for-sale reserve. Further, the profit
from sales of held-to-maturity investments, investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates and available-for-sale equity investments,
net of taxes and transfers to the statutory reserve, is appropriated to “Capital Reserve” in accordance with the Reserve Bank
of India’s guidelines.

The Bank undertakes short sale transactions in
dated central government securities in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines. The short positions are categorized
under the held-for-trading category and are marked-to-market. The mark-to-market gain/loss is charged to profit and loss account as per
the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines.

The Bank accounts for repurchase, reverse repurchase
and transactions with the Reserve Bank of India under the liquidity adjustment facility/marginal standing facility as borrowing and lending
transactions in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines.

The valuation methodologies for investments involve
uncertainties and are significantly affected by assumptions used and judgments made regarding the risk characteristics of various financial
instruments, discount rates, estimates of future cash flows and other factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these
estimates and the resulting fair values.

Loans and Other Credit Facilities

Loans and advances are classified into performing
and non-performing loans as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines, an asset is generally
classified as non-performing if: in respect of term loans, any amount of interest or principal is overdue for more than 90 days; in respect
of overdraft or cash credit, if the account is out of order for a period of 90 days; and, in respect of bills, if the account is overdue
for more than 90 days. Loans held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations, but which
are standard as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are classified as non-performing loans to the extent of the amount outstanding
in the respective host country. Non-performing loans and advances are classified as standard, substandard, doubtful and loss assets based
on number of days overdue. Interest on non-performing loans is not recognized in profit and loss account until received.

The Bank considers an account as restructured,
where for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, the Bank grants concessions to the borrower
that the Bank would not otherwise consider. The moratorium granted to the borrowers based on the Reserve Bank of India

193

Table of Contents

guidelines is not accounted for as a restructuring of loan. Certain
specified guidelines by the Reserve Bank of India requires the asset classification to be maintained as “standard”. Therefore,
the borrowers, where a resolution plan was implemented under these guidelines are classified as standard restructured.

Provisions are generally made by the Bank on standard,
substandard, doubtful and loss assets as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of the Reserve
Bank of India. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and a general provision against standard loans. The Bank
also makes specific provisions on certain performing loans as per the direction of the Reserve Bank of India. Loss assets and unsecured
portions of doubtful assets are fully provided for. For impaired loans held in overseas branches that are performing as per the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, provisions are made as per the host country regulations. For loans held in overseas branches that are non-performing
loans as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines and as per host country regulations, provisions are made at the higher of the provisions
required as required by internal provisioning norms and host country regulations. In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative
borrowers or willful defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The Bank holds specific
provisions for non-performing loans that are higher than the minimum regulatory requirements.

In respect of non-retail loans reported as fraud
to the Reserve Bank of India, the entire amount is provided for over a period not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in
which fraud has been detected. In respect of non-retail loans where there has been a delay in reporting the fraud to the Reserve Bank
of India or which are classified as loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In the case of fraud in retail accounts,
the entire amount is provided immediately. In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative borrowers or willful defaulters, the
Bank makes accelerated provisions as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank makes provision on restructured loans
subject to minimum requirements as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Provisions due to diminution in the fair value of restructured/rescheduled
loans and advances are made in accordance with the applicable Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Non-performing and restructured loans
are upgraded to standard, as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines or host country regulations, as applicable.

As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the
non-performing loans are written off in accordance with the Bank’s policy. Amounts recovered against bad debts written off are recognized
in the profit and loss account.

The Bank also creates general provisions on performing
loans based on the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, including provisions on loans to borrowers having unhedged foreign
currency exposure, loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors, exposure to step-down subsidiaries of Indian companies and
incremental exposures to borrowers identified as per the Reserve Bank of India’s large exposure framework. For performing loans
in overseas branches, the general provisions are made at the greater of the aggregate provision required as per host country regulations
and the Reserve Bank of India’s requirement.

Additionally, the Bank creates provisions on individual
country exposures including indirect country risk, other than for home-country exposure. The countries are categorized into seven risk
categories: insignificant, low, moderately low, moderate, moderately high, high and very high and provisioning is made on exposures with
contractual maturity exceeding 180 days on a graded scale ranging from 0.25% to 25%. For exposures with a contractual maturity of less
than 180 days, provision is required to be held at 25% of the rates applicable to exposures exceeding 180 days. The indirect exposure
is estimated at 50% of the exposure. If the Bank’s net funded exposure in respect of a country is less than 1% of its total assets,
no provision is required for such country exposure.

194

Table of Contents

The Bank makes additional provisions from the
date of default as per the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines for cases where viable resolution plans have not been implemented
within the timelines prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. These additional provisions are written-back upon satisfaction of the conditions
for reversal, as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank, on a prudent basis, also makes a contingency
provision on certain standard assets. The contingency provision is included in ‘Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

The Bank has a Board-approved policy for making
floating provisions, which are in addition to the specific and general provisions made by the Bank. The floating provision can only be utilized
with the approval of Board and the Reserve Bank of India, for contingencies which do not arise in the normal course of business and are
exceptional and non-recurring in nature, and for making specific provisions for impaired loans required by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines
or any regulatory guidance/instructions. The floating provision is netted off from loans.

The provisions on loans involve uncertainties
and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made for provisions on non-performing loans, on performing loans
and other credit exposures. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates and the resulting provisions.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

Premium for non-linked policies is recognized
as income (net of goods and service tax) when due from policyholders. For unit-linked business, premium is recognized as income when the
associated units are created. Premium on lapsed policies is recognized as income when such policies are reinstated.

Reinsurance premium ceded is accounted in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the relevant treaties with the reinsurer. Profit commission on reinsurance ceded is net off premium ceded
on reinsurance.

Death and rider claims are
accounted for on receipt of intimation. Survival, maturity and annuity benefits are accounted when due. Withdrawals and surrenders under
non-linked policies are accounted on the receipt of intimation and for unit-linked policies, are accounted in the respective schemes when
the associated units are cancelled. Amount payable on lapsed/discontinued policies are accounted for on expiry of lock-in-period of these
policies. Surrenders, withdrawals and lapsation are disclosed at net of charges recoverable. Claim settlement cost, legal and other fees
form part of claim cost wherever applicable. Reinsurance claims are accounted for in the period in which the claim is intimated and are
netted off against benefits paid. Repudiated claims and other claims disputed before the judicial authorities are provided for on prudent
basis as considered appropriate by the management.

Income from unit-linked policies, which includes
fund management charges, policy administration charges, mortality charges and other charges, if any, are recovered from the unit-linked
funds in accordance with terms and conditions of policies issued and are recognized when due.

Acquisition costs are costs that vary with, and
are primarily related to, acquisition of new and renewal insurance contracts and have an obligatory relationship of costs incurred to
execution of insurance contracts. These costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Clawback of commission paid, if any,
in future is accounted in the year in which it becomes recoverable.

The actuarial liabilities, for all in-force policies,
and policies where premiums are discontinued but a liability exists as at the valuation date, are calculated in accordance with the accepted
actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, as amended from time to time, regulations notified by IRDAI, and relevant guidance
notes and Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The unit

195

Table of Contents

liability in respect of linked business is the value of the units standing
to the credit of policyholders, using the net asset value prevailing at the valuation date.

The actuarial liability in respect of both participating
and non-participating policies is calculated using the gross premium method, using assumptions for interest, mortality, morbidity, persistency,
expense, inflation, and in the case of participating policies, future bonuses together with allowance for taxation and allocation of profits
to shareholders. These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates at the date of valuation including allowances for possible adverse
deviations.

The Funds for Future Appropriations, in the participating
segment represent the surplus, which is not allocated to policyholders or shareholders as at the Balance Sheet date.

Investments are made and accounted for in accordance
with the Insurance Act, 1938, the Regulation, the Master Circular, Investment Policy of the Company and various other circulars/notifications
issued by IRDAI in this context from time to time.

Unclaimed amount of policyholders’ liability
is determined on the basis of net asset value of the units outstanding as at the valuation date. Income on unclaimed amount of policyholders
is accreted to the unclaimed fund and is accounted for on an accrual basis, net of fund management charges.

Borrowing costs are charged to the Profit and
Loss account in the period in which these are incurred.

Provisions for income tax are made in
accordance with the provisions of Section 44 of the Income Tax Act 1961, read with rules contained in the first schedule and other
relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act 1961, as applicable, to a company carrying on in the life insurance business. Income tax
expense comprises current taxes (i.e. the amount of tax for the year as determined in accordance with the Income Tax Act 1961) and
deferred tax charges or credits (reflecting the tax effects of timing differences between accounting income and taxable income for
the year).

Fair Value Measurements

We determine the fair values of our financial
instruments in U.S. GAAP based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820. The standard describes three levels of inputs
that may be used to measure fair value.

The valuation of Level 1 instruments is based
upon the unadjusted quoted prices of identical instruments traded in active markets on reporting date.

The valuation of Level 2 instruments is based
upon the quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, the quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that
are not active, prices quoted by market participants and prices derived from valuation models which use significant inputs that are observable
in active markets. Inputs used include interest rates, yield curves, volatilities and credit spreads, which are available from public
sources such as Reuters, Bloomberg, Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and the Fixed
Income Money Markets and Derivatives Association of India.

The valuation of Level 3 instruments is based
on valuation techniques or models which use significant market unobservable inputs or assumptions. Financial instruments are considered
Level 3 when their values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one
significant model assumption or input is unobservable or when the determination of the fair value requires significant management judgment
or estimation.

196

Table of Contents

The valuation methodologies adopted by us for
valuing our investments and derivatives portfolio are summarized below. A substantial portion of the portfolio is valued based on the
unadjusted quoted or traded prices or based on models using market observable inputs such as interest rates, yield curves, volatilities
and credit spreads available from public sources like Fixed Income Money Markets and Derivatives Association of India, Foreign Exchange
Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited, Reuters, Bloomberg and stock exchanges.

 The rupee denominated fixed income portfolio,
which includes all rupee investments in government securities and corporate bonds, is valued based on guidelines for market participants
established by the Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association. The Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association is
an association of scheduled commercial banks, public financial institutions, primary dealers and insurance companies and is a voluntary
market body for bonds, derivatives and money markets in India. The international investments portfolio is generally valued on the basis
of quoted prices. In certain markets, due to illiquidity, we use alternate valuation methodologies based on our own assumptions and estimates
of the fair values.

A substantial part of the derivatives portfolio
is valued using market observable inputs like swap rates, foreign exchange rates, volatilities and forward rates. The valuation of derivatives
is carried out primarily using the market quoted swap rates and foreign exchange rates. Certain structured derivatives are valued based
on counterparty quotes. The exposure regarding derivatives transactions is computed and is marked against the credit limits approved for
the respective counterparties.

 We also hold investments and derivatives
that have been valued based on unobservable inputs or that involve significant assumptions made by the management in arriving at their
fair values. Such instruments are classified under Level 3 as per the classification defined in FASB ASC Topic 820 “Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures”.

A description of the valuation methodologies of Level 3 investments
under U.S. GAAP

Our total investment in Level
3 instruments amounted to Rs. 153.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2026. Out of the total Level 3 investments, investments amounting to Rs.
151.6 billion were India-linked and investments amounting to Rs. 1.5 billion were non-India linked. India-linked investments consisted
of pass-through certificates of Rs. 145.0 billion, corporate bonds of Rs. 1.9 billion, equity shares of Rs. 4.5 billion and other securities
of Rs. 0.1 billion. Non-India linked investments consisted of mortgage-backed securities of Rs. 1.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2026 and
equity shares of Rs. 0.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2026.

The valuation of Indian pass-through
certificates is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying trust would pay out. The underlying trust makes assumptions
with regards to various variables to arrive at the estimated cash flows. The cash flows for pass through certificates are discounted at
the yield-to-maturity rates and credit spreads published by Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income Money Market and
Derivatives Association on month ends.

Bonds that have been identified
as illiquid and valued based on a valuation model are classified as Level 3 instruments only if the input used to value those securities
is collected from unobservable market data or if the bonds were valued after making adjustment to the market observable data. The investment
in bonds of Rs. 1.9 billion were valued at the amortized cost net of impairment or using significant management estimates and assumptions
or based on market value of the underlying collateral.

Due to illiquidity in the
asset backed and mortgage-backed security markets, a substantial part of these securities are classified as Level 3 and valuation models
are used to value these securities.

197

Table of Contents

Our Canadian subsidiary holds
retained interest, largely representing the excess spread of mortgage interest over the rate of return on the mortgaged backed securities,
which has been recorded as available-for-sale securities in the balance sheet at fair value of Rs. 1.5 billion determined using an internal
model.

Non-India linked equity shares
of Rs. 0.0 billion were valued by applying discount to the market price of same company.

The methodologies we use for validating the valuation
model of products which are valued with reference to market observable inputs include comparing the outputs of our models with counterparty
quotes, in comparison with pricing from third party pricing tools, replicating the valuation methodology used in the model or other methods
used on a case-by-case basis. The valuation is also carried out under various scenarios and are checked for consistency. However, for
products where there are no reliable market prices or market observable inputs available, valuation is carried out using models developed
using alternate approaches and incorporating proxies wherever applicable. The independent validation of valuation models is performed
by an entity/unit independent of the risk management group.

Convergence of Indian Accounting Standards with International Financial
Reporting Standards

In 2016, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs issued
the roadmap for implementation of new Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”), converged with International Financial Reporting
Standards, for scheduled commercial banks, insurance companies and non-banking financial companies. However, currently the implementation
of Ind AS for banks has been deferred until further notice pending the consideration of some recommended legislative amendments by the
Government of India and for insurance companies, Ind AS has been made applicable form April 1, 2026, with an option to the insurance companies
to obtain a forbearance for a period of one year with prior approval of IRDAI. We are in an advanced stage of preparedness for implementation
of Ind AS, as and when these are made applicable. Further, there may be regulatory guidelines and clarifications in some critical areas
of Ind AS application, which we will need to suitably incorporate in our implementation project as and when those are issued.

Financial statements prepared under Ind AS may
diverge significantly from the financial statements and other financial information included or incorporated by reference in this annual
report. The major areas of differences include impairment of financial assets and allowance for expected credit losses, accounting of
loan processing fees and costs, consolidation accounting and deferred taxes.

In April 2026, the Reserve Bank of India, issued
directions which introduced expected credit loss framework for provisioning by banks, broadly based on the principles of the International
Financial Reporting Standard 9, supplemented by regulatory backstops wherever necessary. The expected credit loss approach includes introduction
of a staging framework for asset classification, while retaining the extant norms for classification of non-performing assets and adoption
of forward-looking provisioning. These directions also introduced minimum prudential floors to be maintained by banks in addition to provisions
computed based on expected credit loss estimates. These directions shall come into force with effect from April 1, 2027 and may require
higher provisioning requirements.

198

Table of Contents

Management

Directors and Executive Officers

Our Board is responsible for the management of
our business. Our organizational documents provide for a minimum of three and a maximum of 15 directors, excluding the Government Director
and the Debenture Director (defined below), if any. We may, subject to the provisions of our organizational documents and the Companies
Act change the maximum number of directors by a special resolution, subject to approval by our shareholders. Approval of a special resolution
requires that the votes cast by shareholders in favor of the resolution are not less than three times the number of the votes, if any,
cast against the resolution. In addition, under the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the Reserve Bank of India may require us to convene
a meeting of our shareholders for the purposes of appointing new directors to our Board of Directors.

The Banking Regulation Act, 1949 requires that
at least 51% of our directors should have special knowledge or practical experience in banking and areas relevant to banking including
accountancy, agriculture and rural economy, co-operation, economics, finance, law, small scale industry, IT, payment and settlement systems,
human resources, risk management and business management. All our directors possess special knowledge in more than one area specified
in the Banking Regulation Act and applicable regulations. The appointment of the chairman and executive directors requires the approval
of the Reserve Bank of India, in addition to the approval of our shareholders that is generally required for the appointment of all directors
(other than the Government Director and the Debenture Director, if any). In classifying our directors as independent, we have relied on
the declaration of independence provided by the independent directors as prescribed under the Companies Act and the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, which were also placed
before the Board at its meeting held on April 18, 2026. The Companies Act excludes the Government Director from the definition of independent
director. Our directors are also subject to ‘fit and proper’ criteria as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India to be considered
while appointing persons as directors of banking companies. Our directors (other than the Government Director) are required to make declarations
confirming their ongoing compliance of the ‘fit and proper’ criteria. Our Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination
Committee and Board of Directors have reviewed the declarations received from all the existing directors in this regard and determined
that all our directors satisfy the ‘fit and proper’ criteria and can continue on the Board. Further, pursuant to the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, a person is eligible for appointment as non-executive director, if he or she is between 35 and 75 years of age.
After attaining the age of 75 years, no person can continue in this position. Our organizational documents also provide that we may execute
trust deeds in respect of our debentures under which the trustee or trustees may appoint a director, known as the Debenture Director.
The Debenture Director is not subject to retirement by rotation and may only be removed as provided in the relevant trust deed. Currently,
we do not have a Debenture Director on our Board of Directors.

Of our 12 directors as at July 8, 2026, four directors
are in our Whole-time employment (the Managing Director & CEO, and three Executive Directors) and the remaining eight directors are
Independent Directors.

The Companies Act provides that an Independent
Director shall not hold office for more than two consecutive terms of up to five years each provided that the director is re-appointed
by passing a special resolution on completion of the first term. In line with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the total tenure of
non-executive director, continuously or otherwise, on the Board of a bank, shall not exceed eight years. After completing eight years
on the Board of a bank the person, may be considered for re-appointment only after a minimum gap of three years. The Companies Act provides
that in respect of banking companies, the provisions of the Companies Act shall apply except in so far as they are inconsistent with the
provisions of the Banking Regulation Act.

199

Table of Contents

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act,
at least two-thirds of the total number of our Non-independent Directors are subject to retirement by rotation. The Government Director
and the Debenture Director are not subject to retirement by rotation as per our organizational documents. One-third of the directors liable
to retire by rotation must retire from office at each annual general meeting of shareholders. A retiring director is eligible for re-election.

Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha was appointed as an Independent
Director for a period of five years from February 17, 2024. Effective July 1, 2024, he was appointed as Non-executive Part-time Chairperson.
Requisite approvals from the Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment are in place.

Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi was
appointed as a whole-time Director and Chief Operating Officer (Designate) effective from July 31, 2018 and as the Managing Director and
Chief Executive Officer effective October 15, 2018 for a period till October 3, 2023. He was re-appointed as Managing Director and Chief
Executive Officer of the Bank for a period of three years with effect from October 4, 2023 to October 3, 2026. Requisite approvals from
the Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment are in place. The Board unanimously approved the re-appointment of Mr.
Sandeep Bakhshi for a further period of two years with effect from October 4, 2026 to October 3, 2028, subject to approval of the Reserve
Bank of India, shareholders, and such other approvals as may be required. The Reserve Bank of India has, vide its letter dated May
22, 2026, approved the re-appointment of Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi for a period of two years from October 4, 2026. The approval of the shareholders
will be sought in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

Mr. Sandeep Batra was appointed as a whole-time
Director (designated as an Executive Director) effective December 23, 2020 till December 22, 2023. He was re-appointed as whole-time director
(designated as an Executive Director) for a further period of two years with effect from December 23, 2023 to December 22, 2025. The Board
of Directors of the Bank at its meeting held on January 25, 2025, approved the re-appointment of Mr. Sandeep Batra for a period of two
years with effect from December 23, 2025 to December 22, 2027, subject to approval of the Reserve Bank of India and shareholders of the
Bank. Approval from the Reserve Bank of India and shareholders are in place.

Mr. Rakesh Jha was appointed as a whole-time Director
(designated as an Executive Director) for a period of three years effective September 2, 2022. The Board of Directors of the Bank at its
meeting held on January 25, 2025, approved proposal for seeking approval from the Reserve Bank of India for re-appointment of Mr. Rakesh
Jha from September 2, 2025 till September 1, 2027. Requisite approvals from the Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment
are in place.

Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta was
appointed as a whole-time director (designated as an Executive Director) effective March 15, 2024 till November 26, 2026. Requisite approvals
from the Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment are in place. The Board of Directors in its meeting held on January
17, 2026, approved the re-appointment of Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta for a further period of two years with effect from November 27, 2026 to
November 26, 2028, subject to approval of the Reserve Bank of India, shareholders, and such other approvals as may be required.

The Board of Directors of
the Bank had, at its meeting held on October 18, 2025 and the shareholders, through Postal Ballot on February 25, 2026, approved the appointment
of Ms. Vijayalakshmi Iyer, as an Independent Director, for a term commencing from December 1, 2025 to May 31, 2030.

200

Table of Contents

The Board of Directors
of the Bank had, vide a resolution passed by circulation on June 1, 2026 approved the appointment of Mr. Ashwani Bhatia as an
Additional (Independent) Director, for a term commencing from June 1, 2026 to May 31, 2031, subject to the approval of
shareholders.

Ms. Neelam Dhawan and Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair retired as Independent
Directors of the Bank on January 11, 2026 and May 1, 2026, respectively, pursuant to the completion of their second term as an Independent
Directors.

Our Board had the following members at July 8,
2026:

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date of first
    Appointment   Particulars
    of other Directorship(s) at July 8, 2026
Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Government Servant
(Retired)   70   February 17, 2024 (appointed as part-time Chairperson effective July 1, 2024)   Director Carbon U Turn Technology Private Limited Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Limited
Mr. Subramanian Madhavan Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   69   April 14, 2019   Chairperson Procter & Gamble Health Limited Director CBIX Technology Solutions Private
Limited Shopkhoj Content Private Limited Lifestyle International Private Limited Eicher Motors Limited Welspun Enterprises Limited Anthem Biosciences Limited
Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   67   January 14, 2019   Director TVS Credit Services Limited Nippon Life India Asset Management
Limited IndiaIdeas Com Limited TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited National Bank for Financing Infrastructure and Development (NaBFID) TVS Motor Company Limited
Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Company Director   66   January 23, 2022   Director ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited Pratham Education Foundation Piramal Pharma Limited Cummins India Limited

201

Table of Contents

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date of first
    Appointment   Particulars
    of other Directorship(s) at July 8, 2026
Mr. Rohit Bhasin Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Company Director   66   July 26, 2024   Chairperson Indira IVF Hospital Limited Director Star Health and Allied Insurance
Company Limited Dr Lal PathLabs Limited Yatra Online Limited Select Synergies and Services Private
Limited BlueStone Jewellary and Lifestyle
Limited Globe All India Services Limited
Mr. Punit Sood Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Company Director   61   October 1, 2024   Director National Payment Corporation of
India Mphasis Limited
Ms.
Vijayalakshmi Iyer Non-Executive
Independent Director Profession : Company Director   71   December 1, 2025   Director Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Limited CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited Computer Age Management Services Limited Avanse Financial Services Limited Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited ICICI Securities Limited CG Semi Private Limited Centre for Investment Education and Learning Private Limited AV Financial Experts Network Private Limited
Mr. Ashwani Bhatia Non-Executive
Independent Director Profession : Company Director   64   June 1, 2026   Chairperson Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi Managing Director and CEO Profession : Company Executive   66   October 15, 2018   None

202

Table of Contents

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date of first
    Appointment   Particulars
    of other Directorship(s) at July 8, 2026
Mr. Sandeep Batra Executive Director Profession : Company Executive   60   December 23, 2020   Chairperson ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
    Limited ICICI Venture Funds Management Company
    Limited ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited Director ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
    Limited
Mr. Rakesh Jha Executive Director Profession : Company Executive   54   September 2, 2022   Chairperson ICICI Home Finance Company Limited ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited ICICI Securities Limited
Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta Executive Director Profession : Company Executive   59   March 15, 2024   Chairperson I-Process Services (India) Limited ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited Director ICICI Securities Limited ICICI Home Finance Company Limited

Our executive officers as at March 31, 2026, who
received executive remuneration in fiscal 2026, were as follows:

Name   Age   Designation
    and Responsibilities   Years of Work
    Experience   Total remuneration
    in Fiscal 2026 (in Rupees)   Bonus
    Paid in Fiscal 2026 (in Rupees) (1)   Stock Options
    Granted during Fiscal 2026   Total
    Stock Options Outstanding at March 31, 2026 (2)   Shareholding at March 31, 2026 (3)
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   66   Managing Director and CEO   43   71,240,999   34,932,563   242,100   5,760,000   876,300
Mr. Sandeep Batra   60   Executive Director   38   65,043,846   30,372,664   198,190   3,015,765   809,435
Mr. Rakesh Jha   54   Executive Director   30   65,161,259   28,208,935   198,190   3,315,265   95,900
Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta   59   Executive Director   34   64,949,051   22,690,537   198,190   1,317,390   540,568
Mr. Anindya Banerjee   50   Group Chief Financial Officer   28   32,225,670   15,168,520   96,600   1,257,932   450,038

(1)   Bonus amounts earned for fiscal 2025 were subject to deferment policy of the Bank in-line with the regulatory stipulations. The above
amounts include payouts of the non-deferred portion of the bonus amount pertaining to fiscal 2024. The balance amount shall be equally
deferred over a period of three years. The above amount also include the deferred portion of the bonus amount approved in earlier years
that was paid during fiscal 2026.

(2)   Each stock option, once exercised, would be equivalent to one equity share of the Bank. See also “—Compensation and Benefits
to Directors and Officers—Employee Stock Option Scheme” for a description of the other terms of these stock options.

(3)   Executive officers and directors (including non-executive directors) as a group held 0.04% of the Bank’s equity shares at March
31, 2026.

203

Table of Contents

The profile of our non-executive directors as
at July 8, 2026 was as follows:

Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha
has a master’s
degree in economics from the Delhi School of Economics and Philosophy in Social Sciences. He joined the Indian Administrative Service
in 1977. He was a Visiting Fellow at the University of Oxford in 1999. He served mostly in the Government of India and rose to the highest
position of Cabinet Secretary, the head of civil services. He served as the Cabinet Secretary for more than 4 years before moving to the
Prime Minister’s Office. He retired from there in March 2021 after 44 years of service. He has been a government nominee director
in numerous major public sector undertakings.

Mr. Subramanian Madhavan

is a chartered accountant and holds a post graduate diploma in business management from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.
He started his career with Hindustan Unilever Limited. He had thereafter established a highly successful tax practice and served large
Indian and multinational clients. He was then a senior partner and Executive Director in PricewaterhouseCoopers Private Limited. He has
over 38 years of experience in accountancy, economics, finance, law, IT, human resources, risk management, business management and banking.
He has also served as the President Northern Region, Indo-American Chamber of Commerce and has been a past Co-Chairperson, Taxation Committee,
ASSOCHAM. He is a member of the Institute of Directors, the All India Management Association and the Delhi Management Association.

Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram
 is a Certificated
Associate of the Indian Institute of Banking Finance (formerly known as The Indian Institute of Bankers) and holds diplomas in international
law and diplomacy from the Indian Academy of International Law & Diplomacy and management from the All India Management Association.
He has bachelor’s and master’s degrees in science (physics) from St. Stephen’s College, Delhi University. Mr. Sriram
worked with State Bank of India for about 37 years. Mr. Sriram was Managing Director of State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur from 2013 to
2014, Managing Director of State Bank of India from 2014 to 2018 and Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of IDBI Bank Limited
from June-September 2018. He was a part time member of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India.

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi
 is an economics graduate
from Lady Shri Ram College, Delhi University and also has a master’s in business administration with a specialization in marketing
from the Faculty of Management Studies, University of Delhi. She has worked at senior positions in branding, strategy, innovation and
human capital around the world. She started her career with the Tata Group and was part of the core team for launching Titan watches.
She was thereafter associated with PepsiCo for 17 years in leadership roles in the areas of marketing and innovation in India, U.S. and
U.K. She was one of the founding team members of PepsiCo when it started operations in India. Ms. Rishi serves on the boards and board
committees of several reputed companies.

Mr. Rohit Bhasin
 is a chartered accountant
with over 21 years of experience in PricewaterhouseCoopers, where he was a member of its India leadership team and partner oversight committee.
He also worked with Standard Chartered Bank in India for nearly a decade. He has been an independent director and audit committee chairperson
of several leading listed Indian companies.

Mr. Punit Sood
 has a bachelor’s degree
in electronics and communications from the Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee and is a postgraduate in management and information
systems from the Indian

204

Table of Contents

Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He has over 35 years of experience
in banking and IT. He was Managing Director of NatWest Digital Services India Private Limited. He has also been Managing Director and
Chief Information Officer at JP Morgan Services India, and Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director at Citi Technology Services India.

Ms. Vijayalakshmi Iyer
 graduated from M.L.
Dahanukar College of Commerce and did her post graduation from Sydenham College of Commerce Mumbai. She is also a certified associate
of the Indian Institute of Banking and Finance. She has nearly four decades of experience in the banking and finance sector in India and
served as the chairperson for a number of boards and committees in the financial sector in India. She retired as the Chairperson and Managing
Director of Bank of India in May 2015. She also served as member (finance & investment) at IRDAI from June 2015 to May 2017.

Mr. Ashwani Bhatia

is a banking and financial markets veteran with over 40 years of experience. He previously served as a wholetime Member at Securities
& Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) from June 2022 to May 2025, where he oversaw key departments like Debt and Hybrid
Securities and Alternative Investment Funds. Prior to SEBI, he spent roughly 37 years with the State Bank Group, rising from a Probationary
Officer in 1985 to ultimately retire as the Managing Director of State Bank of India. He has wide experience in treasury operations,
retail banking, credit, investment banking and asset management. Mr. Bhatia is a Bachelor of Science (Physics & Mathematics) from
Dayalbagh University, Agra and an MBA from Podar Institute of Management, Jaipur.

The profile of our executive officers as at July
8, 2026 was as follows:

Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi
is an engineer and
has a master’s degree in business administration. Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi joined ICICI in the year 1986. Over the years he has worked
in various assignments at ICICI Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Bank and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited. He joined ICICI Bank on June 19, 2018 as Chief Operating Officer (Designate) and was appointed as Managing Director and
Chief Executive Officer of ICICI Bank effective October 15, 2018.

Mr. Sandeep Batra
 is a chartered accountant
and a company secretary by qualification. He joined as Chief Financial Officer of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited in the
year 2000 and subsequently has held positions as Group Compliance Officer of ICICI Bank, Executive Director of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited and President at ICICI Bank. He was appointed as Executive Director of ICICI Bank effective December 23, 2020 and is currently responsible for the Corporate Centre from July 2018. He is the Chairperson of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, ICICI
Prudential Asset Management Company Limited and ICICI Venture. He also serves on the Board of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited.

Mr. Rakesh Jha
 is an engineering graduate
from the Indian Institute of Technology at Delhi and a post-graduate in management from the Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow. He
joined ICICI in 1996 and has worked in various areas. He was the Group Chief Financial Officer in his previous role. He was appointed
as an Executive Director on the Board of ICICI Bank with effect from September 2, 2022. He is responsible for the retail, small enterprises
and corporate banking businesses of the Bank. He is the Chairperson of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Home Finance
Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited.

Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta
is a chartered accountant
.

He joined ICICI Group in November 1991 and has worked across corporate banking, project finance, SME, debt service management, credit
& policy and operations. He is responsible for credit policy formulation and credit underwriting for retail and business banking,
operations, technology and data sciences and analytics function of the Bank. He is the

205

Table of Contents

Chairperson of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited and I-Process
Services (India) Limited. He also serves on the Board of ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited.

Mr. Anindya Banerjee
 is a chartered accountant.
He joined ICICI Group in 1998 and initially worked in the area of corporate banking before moving to planning and strategy function in
the corporate office. He was appointed as the Group Chief Financial Officer of the Bank with effect from May 1, 2022. His current responsibilities
include financial reporting, planning and strategy and asset-liability management. He also serves on the Board of ICICI Venture Funds
Management Company Limited with effect from July 8, 2026.

Corporate Governance

Our corporate governance policies recognize the
accountability of the Board and the importance of making the Board transparent to all our constituents, including employees, customers,
investors and the regulatory authorities, and for demonstrating that our shareholders are the ultimate beneficiaries of our economic activities.

Our corporate governance framework is based on
an effective majority independent Board, the separation of the Board’s supervisory role from the executive management and the constitution
of Board committees, generally comprising a majority of independent directors and most of the Committees being chaired by independent
directors, to oversee critical areas and functions of executive management.

Our corporate governance philosophy encompasses
regulatory and legal requirements, such as the compliance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, aimed at a high level of business ethics, effective supervision and enhancement of value
for all stakeholders.

Our Board’s role, functions, responsibility
and accountability are clearly defined. In addition to its primary role of monitoring corporate performance, the functions of our Board
include:

·   approving corporate philosophy and mission;

·   participating in the formulation of strategic and business plans;

·   reviewing and approving financial plans and budgets;

·   monitoring corporate performance against strategic and business plans, including overseeing operations;

·   ensuring ethical behavior and compliance with laws and regulations;

·   reviewing and approving borrowing limits;

·   formulating exposure limits; and

·   keeping shareholders informed regarding plans, strategies and performance.

To enable our Board of Directors to discharge
these responsibilities effectively, executive management provides detailed reports on its performance to the Board on a quarterly basis.

Our Board functions either as a full Board or
through various committees constituted to oversee specific operational areas. These Board committees meet regularly. The quorum of the
Board committees was increased from at least two members to at least three members with effect from June 30, 2019, to transact business
at any Board Committee meeting and in case where the Committee comprises of two members only or where two members are participating, then
any Independent Director may attend the

206

Table of Contents

meeting to fulfil the requirement of three members. The constitution
and main functions of the various committees are given below.

Audit Committee

On the date of filing of this annual report, the
Audit Committee is comprised of three independent directors: Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, Mr. Rohit Bhasin and Mr. Punit Sood. Mr. Subramanian
Madhavan is the Chairperson of the Committee. Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, Mr. Rohit Bhasin and Mr. Punit Sood qualify as Audit Committee
financial experts.

The function of Audit Committee includes, providing
direction to the audit function and monitors the quality of internal and statutory audit. The responsibilities of the Audit Committee
include examining the financial statements and auditors’ report and overseeing the financial reporting process to ensure fairness,
sufficiency and credibility of financial statements, review of the quarterly and annual financial statements before submission to the
Board, review of management’s discussion and analysis, recommendation of appointment, terms of appointment, remuneration and removal
of statutory auditors and chief internal auditor, approval of payment to statutory auditors for other permitted services rendered by them,
reviewing and monitoring with the management the auditor’s independence and the performance and effectiveness of the audit process,
approval of transactions with related parties or any subsequent modifications and utilization of loans and/or advances from/investment
by the Bank in its subsidiaries. The Audit Committee also reviews the functioning of the Whistle-Blower Mechanism, adequacy of internal
control systems and the internal audit function, compliance with inspection and audit reports and reports of statutory auditors, findings
of internal investigations, management letters/letters on internal control weaknesses issued by statutory auditors/internal auditors,
investment in shares and advances against shares. The Audit Committee responsibilities also include reviewing with the management the
statement of uses/application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of
funds utilized for the purposes other than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice and the report submitted by the monitoring
agency, monitoring the utilization of proceeds of a public or rights issue and making appropriate recommendations to the Board to take
steps in this matter, discussion on the scope of audit with external auditors, examination of reasons for substantial defaults, if any,
in payment to stakeholders, valuation of undertakings or assets, evaluation of risk management systems and scrutiny of inter-corporate
loans and investments. The Audit Committee is also empowered to appoint/oversee the work of any registered public accounting firm, establish
procedures for receipt and treatment of complaints received regarding accounting, internal accounting controls and auditing matters and
engage independent counsel as also provide for appropriate funding for compensation to be paid to any firm/advisors. In addition, the
Audit Committee also exercises oversight on the regulatory compliance function of the Bank. The Committee also considers and comments
on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger/demerger/amalgamation etc., on the Bank and its shareholders.

Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee

On the date of filing this annual report, the
Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee is comprised of four independent directors: Mr. Punit Sood, Mr. Balasubramanyam
Sriram, Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha. and Mr. Rohit Bhasin. Mr. Punit Sood is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee, inter alia, include
recommending appointments of directors to the Board, identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed
in senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down and recommending to the Board their appointment and removal, formulate
a criteria for the evaluation of the performance of the Whole-time/Independent Directors and the Board and to extend or continue the term
of appointment of Independent Directors on the basis of the report of performance evaluation of independent directors, recommending to
the Board a

207

Table of Contents

policy relating to the remuneration for the directors, key managerial
personnel and other employees, recommending to the Board the remuneration (including performance bonus and perquisites) to Whole-time
Directors and senior management personnel. The functions also include approving the policy for and quantum of bonus payable to the members
of the staff including senior management and key managerial personnel, formulating the criteria for determining qualifications, positive
attributes and independence of a director, framing policy on Board diversity, framing guidelines for the Employees Stock Option Scheme/Employee
Stock Unit Scheme and decide on the grant of options/units to employees and Whole-time Directors of the Bank and its subsidiary companies.

Environmental, Social and Governance & Corporate
Social Responsibility Committee

The nomenclature of the Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee was changed to Environmental, Social and Governance & Corporate Social Responsibility Committee effective December 18, 2025
to align it with its enhanced role and terms.

On the date of filing this annual report, the
Environmental, Social and Governance & Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is comprised of three directors: Mr. Pradeep Kumar
Sinha, Ms. Vijayalakshmi Iyer and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha, an Independent Director and non-executive part-time Chairperson
of the Bank is also the Chairperson of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee include review
of corporate social responsibility (“CSR”)initiatives undertaken by ICICI Group and the ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth,
formulation and recommendation to the Board of a CSR policy indicating the activities to be undertaken by the Bank and recommendation
of the amount of the expenditure to be incurred on such activities, identifying the focus, from among the themes specified in Schedule
VII of the Companies Act, for initiatives to be undertaken by the Bank, reviewing and recommending the annual CSR plan to the Board with
details of CSR initiatives and projects and schedule of implementation, making recommendations to the Board with respect to the CSR initiatives,
policies and practices of ICICI Group, monitoring the CSR activities, implementation and compliance with the CSR policy, reviewing the
submissions to be made to the Board with respect to implementation of the annual CSR action plan including the disbursement of funds for
the purposes and manner as approved, implementation of on-going projects as per approved timelines and year-wise allocation of funds,
any modifications to be suggested to on-going projects, earmarking unspent CSR amount, if any, in subsequent periods as prescribed in
the Companies Act and suggest deployment of any amount spent in excess of the requirement for set-off in subsequent years, reviewing impact
assessment of projects, and reviewing and implementing, if required, any other matter related to CSR initiatives as recommended/suggested
by the Reserve Bank of India or any other body, and oversee the Environment, Social and Governance activities of the Bank.

Credit Committee

On the date of filing of this annual report, the
Credit Committee is comprised of five directors: Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram, Ms. Vijayalakshmi Iyer, Mr. Ashwani
Bhatia and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Managing Director and CEO, is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee, inter alia, includes
review of developments in key industrial sectors, major credit portfolios and approval of credit proposals as per the authorization approved
by the Board.

Customer Service Committee

On the date of filing of this annual report, the
Customer Service Committee is comprised of four directors: Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi and Mr.
Rakesh Jha. Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, an Independent Director, is the Chairperson of the Committee.

208

Table of Contents

The functions of the Committee, inter alia, include
review of customer service initiatives, overseeing the functioning of the Standing Committee on Customer Service (Customer Service Council)
and evolving innovative measures for enhancing the quality of customer service and improvement in the overall satisfaction level of customers.

Fraud Monitoring Committee

On the date of filing of this annual report, the
Fraud Monitoring Committee is comprised of five directors: Ms. Vijayalakshmi Iyer, Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha, Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Mr.
Ashwani Bhatia and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Ms. Vijayalakshmi Iyer, an Independent Director, is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The Committee monitors and
reviews all the frauds involving an amount of Rs. 30 million and above with the objective of identifying the systemic lacunae and suggesting
mitigating measures for strengthening the internal controls, risk management framework, if any. The functions of this Committee include
identifying the reasons for delay in detection of fraud, if any, in reporting to top management of the Bank and the Reserve Bank of India.
The Committee reviews trends and modus operandi of frauds in all categories and products including retail and rural assets, liability
frauds, payment systems and card frauds. It also reviews root cause analysis of individual fraud cases amounting to Rs. 5 million and
above. The status of filing of complaint with law enforcement agencies, progress of investigation and recovery position is also monitored
by the Committee. The Committee also ensures that staff accountability is examined at all levels in all the cases of frauds and staff
side action, if required, is completed quickly without any delay. The role of the Committee is also to review the efficacy of the remedial
action taken to prevent recurrence of frauds including review of transaction monitoring rules as well.

IT Strategy Committee

On the date of filing of this annual report, the
IT Strategy Committee is comprised of four directors: Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram, Mr. Punit Sood, Mr. Sandeep Batra and Mr. Ajay Kumar
Gupta. Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram, an Independent Director, is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee, inter alia, includes,
approving the strategy for IT and policy documents, ensure that the IT strategy is aligned with business strategy, review performance
with reference to IT and information security key risk indicators including periodic review of such risk indicators, ensure proper balance
of IT investments for sustaining the Bank’s growth, oversee the aggregate funding of IT at Bank-level, ascertain if the management
has resources to ensure the proper management of IT risks, review contribution of IT to business, oversee the activities of Digital Council,
review technology from a future readiness perspective, oversee key projects progress and critical IT systems performance including review
of IT capacity requirements and adequacy and effectiveness of business continuity management and disaster recovery, review special IT
initiatives, review cyber risk, consider the Reserve Bank of India inspection report/directives received from time to time by the Bank
in the areas of IT and cybersecurity and review the compliance of various actionables arising out of such reports/directives as may be
deemed necessary from time to time and review deployment of skilled resources within the technology and information security functions
to ensure effective and efficient deliveries.

Risk Committee

On the date of filing of this annual report, the
Risk Committee is comprised of four directors: Mr. Rohit Bhasin, Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi and Mr. Sandeep Batra.
Mr. Rohit Bhasin, an Independent Director, is the Chairperson of the Committee.

209

Table of Contents

The functions
of the Committee are to review ICICI Bank’s risk management policies pertaining to credit, market, liquidity, operational, outsourcing,
model risk management, framework for early warning signals and red flagging of accounts, reputation risks, business continuity plans
and disaster recovery plans and approve the Broker Empanelment Policy and any amendments thereto. The functions of the Committee also
include setting limits on any industry or country, reviewing the Enterprise Risk
Management framework, Risk Appetite for the Bank,
stress testing framework, Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process and framework for capital allocation; reviewing the Basel framework,
risk dashboard covering various risks, outsourcing activities, the activities of the Asset Liability Management Committee and the proceedings
of the Group Risk Management Committee. The Committee also carries out the cybersecurity risk assessment. The appointment, removal and
terms of remuneration of the Group Chief Risk Officer is subject to review by the Committee. The Committee coordinates its activities
with other committees, in instances where there is any overlap with activities of such committees, as per the framework laid down by
the Board of Directors.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

On the date of filing of this annual report, the
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is comprised of three directors: Mr. Ashwani Bhatia, Mr. Sandeep Batra and Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta.
Mr. Ashwani Bhatia, an Independent Director, is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee, inter alia, include
approval and rejection of transmission of shares, bonds, debentures, issue of duplicate certificates, allotment of securities from time
to time, redressal and resolution of grievances of security holders, delegation of authority for opening and operation of bank accounts
for payment of interest/dividend.

Review Committee (Gross Principal Outstanding >
Rs. 750 million) for identification & classification of willful defaulters

The Managing Director and CEO is the Chairperson
of this Committee and any two independent directors comprise the remaining members.

The function of the Committee is to review the
order of Identification Committee, (Gross Principal Outstanding > Rs. 750.0 million), identification & classification of willful
defaulters and confirm the same for the order to be considered as final.

All of the above committees keep the Board of
Directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations and actions to be taken.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a Group Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics for our Directors and all our employees. This code aims at ensuring consistent standards of conduct and ethical business practices
across the constituents of the Company and is reviewed on an annual basis. We have not granted a waiver from any provision of the code
to any of our Directors or Executive officers. All Directors and members of the senior management have confirmed compliance with Group
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for fiscal 2026.

Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading

We have adopted a Code on Prohibition of Insider
Trading inter-alia to regulate and monitor trading (i.e. buying, selling, dealing etc.) in our securities as well as other listed company
securities by designated persons including directors and senior management. A copy of our Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading has been
filed as an exhibit to this annual report.

210

Table of Contents

Principal Accountant: Fees and Services

The total fees to our principal accountant relating
to the audit of consolidated financial statements of ICICI Group, and financial statements of subsidiaries for fiscal 2025 and fiscal
2026 and the fees for other professional services offered to ICICI Group billed in fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026 are as follows:

Year ended March 31,
2025   2026   2026
(in millions)   (in thousands)
Audit
Audit of ICICI Bank Limited and our subsidiaries   Rs.   249   Rs.   282   US$   3,005
Audit-related services   —   —   —
Opinion on non-statutory accounts   —   —   —
Others   8   20   213
Sub-total   257   302   3,218
Non-audit services
Tax compliance   1   1   11
Other services   —   —   —
Sub-total   1   1   11
Total   Rs.   258   Rs.   303   US$   3,229

Fees for “others” under the audit
services category are principally fees related to certification services. Our Audit Committee approved the fees paid to our principal
accountant relating to audit of consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2026 and fees for other professional services billed in fiscal
2026. Our Audit Committee pre-approves all assignments undertaken for us by our principal accountant.

Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices

The following is a summary comparison of significant
differences between our corporate governance practices and those required by the New York Stock Exchange for United States issuers.

Independent Directors

A majority (eight of 12 as at July 8, 2026) of
our Board are independent directors, as defined under applicable Indian legal requirements. Section 149 of the Companies Act as amended
from time to time and Regulation 16 the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 as amended from time to time, have defined an independent director and specified the eligibility criteria for a director to be classified
as independent. All Independent Directors have given declarations that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down under Section
149 of the Companies Act as amended and Regulation 16 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (SEBI Listing Regulations) which have been relied on by the Bank and were placed before Bank’s
Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 18, 2026 and the declaration received from Mr. Ashwani Bhatia was circulated to the Board
as resolution passed by circulation on June 1, 2026. The Board has accordingly determined the independence of these directors. Pursuant
to the Companies Act, the director nominated by Government of India would not be classified as independent. Although the judgment on independence
must be made by our Board as required under the Companies Act, there is no requirement that our Board

211

Table of Contents

affirmatively make such determination, in accordance with the independence
test as required by the New York Stock Exchange rules.

Non-Management Directors Meetings

Independent Directors are required to meet at
least once in a financial year without the Non-Independent Directors and members of the management. At such meetings, the Independent
Directors are required to review the performance of the Chairperson of the Board taking into account the views of Executive and Non-executive
directors, Non-independent Directors, Board Committees, and the Board as a whole. The Independent Directors also assess the quality, quantity
and timeliness of flow of information between the Bank’s management and the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively
and reasonably perform its duties. The Independent Directors met on April 18, 2026, to carry out these reviews. Prior to this, the Independent
Directors had met on April 19, 2025, separately to carry out similar reviews.

Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee
and Audit Committee

All members of our Board Governance, Remuneration
& Nomination Committee are independent, as defined under applicable Indian legal requirements. All members of our Audit Committee
are independent under Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). The constitution and main
functions of these committees as approved by our Board are described above and comply with the spirit of the New York Stock Exchange requirements
for United States issuers.

Corporate Governance Guidelines

Under New York Stock Exchange rules, United States
issuers are required to adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines addressing matters such as standards of director qualification,
responsibilities of directors, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, management succession and annual
performance review of the Board of Directors. While as a foreign private issuer, we are not required to adopt such guidelines, under our
home country regulations, pursuant to the notification of the Companies Act, the Bank has disclosed the policy on director appointments
and remuneration including criteria for determining qualifications and independence of a director in its Indian annual report to shareholders
for fiscal 2026. The Bank is also required to provide a statement indicating the manner in which formal annual evaluation has been made
by the Board of its own performance and that of its committees and individual directors and this statement has been included in the Indian
annual report.

Controls and Procedures

We have carried out an evaluation under the supervision
and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act at year-end fiscal 2026.

As a result, it has been concluded that, as of
the end of the period covered by this report, the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that
the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported as and when required.

However, as a result of our evaluation, we noted
certain areas where our processes and controls could be further strengthened. The Audit Committee monitors the resolution of any identified
significant process and control improvement opportunities to a satisfactory conclusion. In the areas of IT and cyber risk, IT Strategy
Committee also exercises oversight. We are committed to continuing to implement and

212

Table of Contents

improve internal controls and our risk management processes, and this
remains a key priority for us. We also have a process whereby officers throughout the Bank certify to the accuracy of reported financial
information as well as the effectiveness of disclosure controls, procedures and processes.

There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness
of any system, especially of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and collusion or improper management
override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected, in a fast-changing environment or when
entering new areas of business or expanding geographic reach or deploying emerging technologies. Accordingly, even effective disclosure
controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.

We have experienced significant growth in a fast-changing
environment, and management is aware that this may pose significant challenges to the control framework. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—There is operational risk associated with the financial industry, which, when realized, may have an adverse
impact on our business
”.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our
internal control over financial reporting system has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and preparation and fair presentation of our published Indian GAAP consolidated financial statements and disclosures relating
to U.S. GAAP net income reconciliation, stockholders’ equity reconciliation and other disclosures as required by U.S Securities
and Exchange Commission and applicable GAAP.

Management maintains an internal control system
intended to ensure that financial reporting provides reasonable assurance that transactions are executed in accordance with the authorizations
of management and directors, assets are safeguarded and financial records are reliable.

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes policies and procedures that:

·   pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect in reasonable detail the transactions and dispositions of
our assets;

·   provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and the executive directors; and

·   provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

All internal control over financial reporting
systems, no matter how well-designed, have inherent limitations, and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems
determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness for future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.

213

Table of Contents

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at year-end fiscal 2026 based on criteria set by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on the assessment, management concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective at year-end fiscal 2026. Effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at year-end
fiscal 2026 has been audited by KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated
in their attestation report, which is included herein.

Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

No change in our internal control over financial
reporting occurred during the period covered by this annual report that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting.

Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers

Remuneration

Under our organizational documents, each of our
non-executive directors, except the government director, is entitled to receive remuneration for attending each meeting of our Board or
of a Board committee. The amount of remuneration payable to non-executive directors is set by our Board from time to time in accordance
with the limits prescribed by the Companies Act and the rules thereunder. The Board of Directors has approved the payment of Rs. 100,000
as sitting fee for attending each meeting of the Board or a Board committee.

In line with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines
including Reserve Bank of India circular dated February 9, 2024, payment of fixed remuneration of Rs. 3,000,000 per annum was approved
by shareholders for each non-executive Director of the Bank (other than part-time Chairperson and the Government Nominee Director). The
Reserve Bank of India and the shareholders have also approved a remuneration of Rs. 5,000,000 per annum for the non-executive chairperson.
In addition, we reimburse our directors for expenses incurred in connection with attending Board and committee meetings and related matters.
If a director is required to perform services for us beyond attending meetings, we may remunerate the director as determined by our Board
of Directors which remuneration may be either in addition to or as substitution for the remuneration discussed above. Non-executive directors
are not entitled to the payment of any benefits at the end of their terms of office.

Our Board may fix the salary and supplementary
allowance payable to the Whole-time Directors, which is also subject to shareholders’ approval. We are required to obtain specific
approval of the Reserve Bank of India and other necessary approvals for the actual monthly salary, supplementary allowance, annual performance
bonus and employee stock options paid each year to our Whole-time Directors.

In addition to the basic
salary and supplementary allowance, our Whole-time Directors are entitled to certain perquisites (evaluated as per Income-tax Rules, wherever
applicable, and otherwise at actual cost to the Bank in other cases) such as the benefit of the Bank’s furnished accommodation,
furnishings, club fees, group insurances (medical insurance, life insurance and personal accident insurance), use of car, running and
maintenance of cars including drivers, telephone /IT assets at residence or reimbursement of expenses in lieu thereof, payment of income
tax on perquisites by the Bank to the extent permissible under the Income Tax Act and rules framed thereunder, leave and leave travel
concession, education and other benefits, provident fund, superannuation fund, gratuity and other retirement benefits, in accordance with
the scheme(s) and rule(s) applicable from time to time to retired whole-time directors of the Bank or the members of the staff. In line
with the staff loan policy applicable to specified grades of employees who

214

Table of Contents

fulfil prescribed eligibility criteria to avail
loans for purchase of residential property, the whole-time directors are also eligible for housing loans. The stock options vest in a
graded manner over a three-year period, with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 12 months
from the date of the grant. The options so vested are to be exercised within 5 years from the date of vesting or such shorter period as
may be determined by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant.

There are no service contracts with our whole-time
directors providing for benefits upon termination of their employment.

The total compensation paid by the Bank to its
directors and whole-time officers during fiscal 2026 was around Rs. 430 million.

Bonus

Each year, our Board of Directors awards discretionary
bonuses to employees and whole-time directors on the basis of the Bank’s performance and individual performance. The aggregate amount
of bonuses and performance linked retention pay to all eligible employees of ICICI Bank for fiscal 2026 was provisioned at Rs. 31.5 billion.

Employee Stock Option Scheme

ICICI Bank has an Employees Stock Option Scheme
- 2000 (the “Scheme 2000”) which was instituted in fiscal 2000 to enable the employees and Whole-time Directors of ICICI Bank
and its subsidiaries to participate in future growth and financial success of the Bank. The Scheme 2000 aims at achieving the twin objectives
of aligning employee interest to that of the shareholders and retention. Through employee stock option grants, the Bank seeks to foster
a culture of long-term sustainable value creation. The Scheme 2000 is in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations). The options are granted by the Board
Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee and noted/approved by the Board as the case may be. Pursuant to the Scheme 2000, as
amended from time to time, up to 10.0% of the aggregate issued equity shares of the Bank at the time of the grant of stock options can
be allocated under the employee stock option scheme. The stock options entitle eligible employees to apply for equity shares. At March
31, 2026, this 10.0% limit was equivalent to 716 million shares, of which the Bank has granted (net of lapsed) 651 million options under
the Scheme 2000. Permanent employees or a director (excluding independent directors) of the Bank or of a ICICI Bank’s subsidiary
are eligible employees for grants of stock options. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a year is restricted
to 0.05% of the Bank’s issued equity shares at the time of the grant.

Options granted after April 1, 2014 vest in a
graded manner over a three-year period, with 30%, 30% and 40% of the options vesting on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant
date respectively, except as follows:

·   For 275,000 options granted in April 2014, 50% vested on April 30, 2017 and the balance 50% vested on April 30, 2018.

·   For 34,362,900 options granted in September 2015, 50% vested on April 30, 2018 and the balance 50% vested on April 30, 2019.

215

Table of Contents

Options granted prior to April 1, 2014 vested
in a graded manner over a four-year period, with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of the options vesting on each of the first four anniversaries
of the grant date.

The price for options granted is equal to the
closing price on the stock exchange which recorded the highest trading volume preceding the date of grant of options.

Pursuant to the approval of shareholders in June
2017, the exercise period is such period not exceeding ten years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board
of Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant. In September 2018, the shareholders approved the change in exercise
period to not exceeding five years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board Governance, Remuneration &
Nomination Committee for all future grants effective May 2018.

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the stock option grants made to employees under the Scheme 2000 on March 31, 2026. The Bank granted all of these options at
no cost to its employees. Options granted include grants to Whole-time Directors and employees of subsidiaries of the Bank. The Bank has
not granted any stock options to its non-executive directors.

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the summary of options granted over the years by the Bank at March 31, 2026.

Particulars   ICICI Bank
Options granted (net of lapsed)   651,253,630
Options vested   651,439,727
Options exercised   505,981,535
Options forfeited/lapsed   115,122,314
Amount realized by exercise of options   Rs.   91,737,304,995
Total number of options in force   145,272,095
Weighted average exercise price of options in force   Rs.   585.24

See also “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes—Note 18
” under U. S. GAAP included herein.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
has an employees stock option scheme (the “I Pru Life Scheme”), which allows that the aggregate number of shares issued or
issuable since March 31, 2016 pursuant to the exercise of any options granted to eligible employees issued pursuant to the I Pru Life
Scheme or any other stock option scheme of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, shall not exceed a figure equivalent to 5.30%
of the number of shares issued at March 31, 2016. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall
not exceed 0.1% of the issued shares of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited at the time of grant of options.

The I Pru Life Scheme is in compliance with the
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
had 24,556,368 stock options outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2026.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company has an
employee stock option scheme (the “ICICI General Scheme”), which allows up to 8.98% of the issued capital to be allocated
to employee stock options. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.1% of
the issued shares of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company at the time of grant of options.

216

Table of Contents

The ICICI General Scheme is in compliance with
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company had 10,752,805
employee stock options outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2026.

Employees Stock Unit Scheme

ICICI Bank has an Employees Stock Unit Scheme
— 2022 (the “Scheme 2022”), which was instituted in fiscal 2023.

The key objectives of the Scheme 2022 are to deepen
the co-ownership amongst the (i) mid-level and front-line managers, and (ii) employees of Bank’s select unlisted wholly-owned subsidiaries
with the following key considerations:

·   to enable employees’ participation in the business as an active stakeholder to usher in an “Owner-Manager” culture
and to act as a retention mechanism;

·   to enhance motivation of employees; and

·   to enable employees to participate in the long-term growth and financial success of the Bank.

The Scheme 2022 is in compliance with the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

A maximum of 100,618,910 units shall be granted
in one or more tranches over a period of seven years from the date of approval of the Scheme 2022 by the shareholders, which shall entitle
the unit holder one fully paid-up equity share of face value of Rs. 2 of the Bank as adjusted for any changes in capital structure of
the Bank against each unit exercised. Units granted under the Scheme 2022 shall vest not later than the maximum vesting period of four
years.

The Bank has up to March 31, 2026 granted (net
of lapse) 13 million units. As per the Scheme 2022, the maximum number of units granted to any eligible employee shall not exceed 20,000
units in any financial year and 0.14% of the total units available for grant over a period of seven years from the date of approval of
the Scheme 2022 by the shareholders.

Units granted under the Scheme 2022 vest in a
graded manner over a three-year period with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 13 months from
the date of grant. The exercise period will not exceed five years from date of vesting of units or such shorter period as may be determined
by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant. The exercise price shall be the face value of equity
shares of the Bank i.e. Rs. 2 for each unit.

Besides continuity of employment, vesting shall
also be dependent on achievement of certain corporate performance parameter(s) such as:

·   Risk Calibrated Core Operating profit;

·   Provision/asset quality;

·   Other parameters, if any, as the Committee may determine.

217

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the stock unit summary of grants made to employees over the years under the Scheme 2022 at March 31, 2026.

Particulars   ICICI Bank
Units granted (net of lapsed)   12,527,209
Units vested   3,942,727
Units exercised   2,575,099
Units forfeited/lapsed   1,088,431
Amount realized by exercise of units   Rs.   5,150,198
Total number of units in force   9,952,110
Weighted average exercise price of units in force   Rs.   2

The board of directors of ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited at its meeting held on June 10, 2023, approved the adoption of Employees Stock Unit Scheme — 2023 (the
“ICICI Life Scheme 2023”), which was subsequently approved by the members at the annual general meeting held on July 28, 2023.

The ICICI Life Scheme 2023 is in compliance with
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

A maximum of 14,500,000 units, shall be granted
in one or more tranches over a period of six years from the date of approval of the ICICI Life Scheme 2023 by the shareholders, which
shall entitle the unit holder one fully paid-up equity share of face value of Rs. 10 of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
(as adjusted for any changes in capital structure of the Bank) against each unit exercised and accordingly, up to 14,500,000 equity shares
of face value of Rs. 10 (approximately 1% of the outstanding shares as on March 31, 2023) each shall be allotted to all eligible employees
taken together under the ICICI Life Scheme 2023. The maximum number of units granted to any eligible employee shall not exceed 60,000
units in any financial year.

Units granted under the ICICI Life Scheme 2023
shall vest not later than the maximum vesting period of four years. In addition, vesting of units shall also be dependent on mandatory
achievement of corporate performance condition(s). The exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares of ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited i.e. Rs. 10 for each unit.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
had 1,664,819 units outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed units) at year-end fiscal 2026.

The board of directors of ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited at its meeting held on April 18, 2023, approved the adoption of Employees Stock Unit Scheme — 2023 (the
“ICICI General Scheme 2023”), which was subsequently approved by the members at the annual general meeting held on July 06,
2023.

The ICICI General Scheme 2023 is in compliance
with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

A maximum of 5,000,000 units shall be granted
under the ICICI General Scheme 2023, which shall entitle the unit holder one fully paid-up equity share of face value of Rs. 10 of ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited against each unit exercised and accordingly, up to 5,000,000 equity shares of face value of
Rs. 10 each shall be allotted to all eligible employees taken together under the ICICI General Scheme 2023. The maximum number of units
granted to any eligible employee shall not exceed 20,000 units in any financial year.

Units granted under the ICICI General Scheme 2023
shall vest not later than the maximum vesting period of four years. In addition, the vesting of the units shall be based on one or more
of relevant parameters as:

·   Market Share;

218

Table of Contents

·   Combined Ratio; and

·   Performance of the eligible employee

Such other conditions as the Board Nomination
& Remuneration Committee may decide. Exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited i.e. Rs. 10 for each unit.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
had granted 787,080 units under employees stock unit scheme to its employees during fiscal 2026 and 1,107,145 employee stock units were
outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2026.

Loans

The Bank has internal rules for grant of loans
to employees and executive directors to acquire certain assets such as property, vehicles and other consumer durables at significantly
lower interest rates than the market rate. The Bank’s loans to employees have been made at interest rates ranging from 2.5% to 3.5%
per annum and are repayable over fixed periods of time. The loans are generally secured by the assets acquired by the employees. Pursuant
to the Banking Regulation Act, the Bank’s non-executive directors are not eligible for any loans. At year-end fiscal 2026, outstanding
loans to the Bank’s employees totaled Rs. 40.2 billion compared to Rs. 33.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. This amount included
loans to certain executive directors amounting to Rs. 39 million at year-end fiscal 2026 compared to Rs. 44 million at year-end fiscal
2025, made on the same terms, including as to interest rates and collateral, as loans to other employees. Loans to executive directors
are given after approval by the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
Related Party Transactions
”.

Gratuity

The Bank pays gratuity to employees who retire
or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service and, in the case of employees at overseas locations, in accordance with
the rules in force in the respective countries. The Bank makes contributions to gratuity funds for employees which are administered by
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

Actuarial valuation of the gratuity liability
for all the above funds is determined by an actuary appointed by the Bank. Actuarial valuation of gratuity liability is determined based
on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected unit credit method.

The accounts of the fund are audited by independent
auditors. The total corpus of the fund at year-end fiscal 2026 based on its provisional financial statements was Rs. 24.1 billion compared
to Rs. 20.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

Superannuation Fund

The Bank contributes 15% of the total annual basic
salary and dearness allowance (if applicable) to a superannuation fund in respect of the employees to whom it applies. The Bank’s
employees may elect on retirement or resignation to receive one-third or one-half, depending on the tenure of service, of the total balance
as commutation and a periodic pension based on the remaining balance. In the event of the death of an employee, his or her beneficiary
receives the remaining accumulated balance, if eligible. The Bank also gives a cash option to its employees, allowing them to receive
the amount that would otherwise be contributed by the Bank in their monthly salary during their employment. The superannuation fund is
administered by Life Insurance Corporation of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. Employees have the option to
choose between funds administered by the Life Insurance

219

Table of Contents

Corporation of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited. The total corpus of the superannuation fund based on provisional financial statements was Rs. 6.8 billion at year-end
fiscal 2026 compared to Rs. 6.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

Provident Fund

The Bank is statutorily required to maintain a
provident fund as part of its retirement benefits to its employees. The provident fund, to which both ICICI Bank and its employees contribute
a defined amount, is a savings scheme under which ICICI Bank at present is required to pay to employees a minimum annual return as specified
from time to time, which was specified at 8.25 % for fiscal 2026. If such return is not generated internally by the fund, ICICI Bank is
liable for the difference. There are separate provident funds for employees inducted from merged entities (Bank of Madura, The Bank of
Rajasthan and Sangli Bank) and for other employees of the Bank. These funds are managed by in-house trustees. Each employee contributes
12.0% of his or her basic salary and the Bank contributes an equal amount to the funds.

Out of the 12% of employer contribution, 8.33%
subject to a maximum of Rs. 1,250 contributed per employee to the Employee Pension Scheme with Employee Provident Fund Organization. Pursuant
to Supreme Court judgement in November 2022, certain eligible employees are given an option to contribute the entire 8.33% to employee
pension scheme with Employee Provident Fund Organization.

The investments of the funds are made according
to rules prescribed by the Government of India. The accounts of the funds are audited by independent auditors. The total corpuses of the
funds for employees inducted from merged entities and other employees of the Bank at year-end fiscal 2026, based on their provisional
financial statements, amount to Rs. 1.4 billion and Rs. 72.7 billion respectively, as compared to Rs. 1.5 billion and Rs. 65.2 billion,
respectively, at year-end fiscal 2025.

Pension Fund

The Bank provides for pension, a deferred retirement
plan covering certain employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. The plan provides for pension payments,
including dearness relief, on a monthly basis to these employees on their retirement based on the respective employee’s salary and
years of service with the Bank. For the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan employees in service, funds are managed
by the trust and the liability is funded as per actuarial valuation. The trust purchases annuities from the Life Insurance Corporation
of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited as part of its master policies for payment of pension to retired employees
of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. Employees covered by the pension plan are not eligible for employer’s
contribution under the provident fund plan. The corpus, based on provisional financial statements at year-end fiscal 2026 was Rs. 18.8
billion compared to Rs. 17.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

National Pension Scheme

National Pension Scheme is a voluntary, defined
contribution retirement savings scheme. The Bank contributes up to 14% of basic salary to National Pension Scheme for employees who opt
to participate in the scheme. These funds are invested by Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority and are regulated by professional
fund managers as per the investment option selected by the respective employees. At the time of retirement, up to 80% of the accumulated
contributions (including returns thereon) can be withdrawn as lump-sum by the employee. The residual accumulated contributions need to
be used for the purchase of a life annuity from a Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority empaneled life insurance company.
The Bank has contributed Rs. 573 million for fiscal 2026 (fiscal 2025: Rs. 423 million) to National Pension Scheme for employees who opted
for the scheme.

220

Table of Contents

Interest of Management in Certain Transactions

Except as otherwise stated in this annual report,
no amount or benefit has been paid or given to any of our directors or executive officers.

Disclosure on Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation

During or after the fiscal 2026, we were not required
to prepare an accounting restatement that required recovery of erroneously awarded compensation pursuant to the compensation recovery
policy required by the listing standards adopted by the New York Stock Exchange.

221

Table of Contents

Supervision
and Regulation

The following description is a summary of certain
sector-specific laws and regulations in India that are applicable to us. The information detailed in this chapter has been obtained from
publications available in the public domain. The regulations set out below are not exhaustive and are only intended to provide general
information.

The key legislation governing banking companies
in India is the Banking Regulation Act. The provisions of the Banking Regulation Act are in addition to and not, save as expressly provided
in the Banking Regulation Act, in derogation of the Companies Act and any other law currently in force. Other important laws which govern
banking companies in India include the Reserve Bank of India Act, FEMA, Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007, Securitization and Reconstruction
of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002 (“SARFAESI Act”), Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881 and Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 as amended from time to time. Additionally, the Reserve Bank of India, from time to time, issues guidelines
to be followed by banks. Compliance with all regulatory requirements is evaluated with respect to financial statements under Indian GAAP.
In April 2026, the Reserve Bank of India issued two key regulatory guidelines: (1) Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks - Income Recognition,
Asset Classification and Provisioning) Amendment Directions, 2026 and (2) Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks-Capital Charge for Credit
Risk- Standardized Approach) Direction, 2026, both effective from April 1, 2027. Banking companies in India are also governed by the provisions
of the Companies Act, and if such companies are listed on a stock exchange in India, then various regulations of the SEBI additionally
apply to such companies.

Reserve Bank of India Regulations

One of Reserve Bank of India’s most significant
regulatory measures during fiscal 2026 was the large-scale consolidation of its regulatory framework. The central bank streamlined its
vast and often fragmented body of regulations by subsuming over 9,000 circulars, notifications and clarifications into around 244 Master
Directions.

The Banking Regulation Act requires a company
to obtain a license from the Reserve Bank of India to carry on banking business in India. This license is subject to such conditions as
the Reserve Bank of India may choose to impose, such as, but not limited to, the bank having adequate capital and earning prospects, the
bank having the ability to pay its present and future depositors in full as their claims accrue and that the affairs of the bank will
not be or are not likely to be conducted in a manner detrimental to the interests of present or future depositors. The Reserve Bank
of India may cancel the license if the bank, at any point, fails to meet the required conditions or if the bank ceases to carry on banking
operations in India.

ICICI Bank is regulated and supervised by the
Reserve Bank of India because it is licensed as a banking company by the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India requires banking
companies to furnish statements and information relating to its business. It has issued, among other things, guidelines for banking companies
relating to banking activities and prudential guidelines relating to recognition of income, classification of assets, provisioning, exposure
norms on concentration risk, valuation of investments and maintenance of capital adequacy. The Reserve Bank of India carries out an annual
risk assessment of banks under its risk-based supervision exercise. The Reserve Bank of India has also set up a Board for Financial Supervision
(“BFS”), under the chairmanship of the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India. The primary objective of BFS is to undertake
consolidated supervision of the financial sector, comprised of Scheduled Commercial and Co-operative Banks, All India Financial Institutions
(“AIFIs”), Local Area Banks, Small Finance Banks, Payments Banks, Credit Information Companies, Non-Banking Finance Companies
and Primary Dealers.

222

Table of Contents

Requirements Under the Banking Regulation Act

The Banking Regulation Act specifies the business
activities in which a banking company may engage. Banks are prohibited from engaging in business activities other than the specified activities.

Statutory Reserve

In order to augment capital, a banking company
shall transfer not less than 25.0% of the ‘net profit’ before appropriations to a statutory reserve fund as per Reserve Bank
of India Master Direction on Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks - Financial Statements: Presentation and Disclosures) Directions,
2025.

Ownership and Voting Restrictions

The Government of India regulates foreign ownership in Indian banks. Foreign investors (including indirect foreign investors) may own
up to 74.0% of the equity of a private sector bank in India subject to rules and regulations issued by the Government of India and the
Reserve Bank of India from time to time. While foreign investment of up to 49.0% in private sector banks does not require any specific
approval, foreign investments greater than 49.0% and up to 74.0% require prior approval of the Government of India, unless such investments
are otherwise exempted from the requirement for approval. Investments by foreign investors exempted from the requirement for Government
of India approval include certain aggregate foreign portfolio investments up to 49.0% or the relevant sectoral cap (whichever is lower)
that do not result in the transfer of ownership or control from Indian residents to non-resident investors, and foreign investment through
rights and bonus issues fulfilling certain conditions. Proposals requiring prior approval from the Government of India that involve a
total foreign equity inflow of more than Rs. 50.0 billion also require approval of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.

In November 28, 2025, Reserve Bank of India
has issued Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks -Acquisition and Holding of Shares or Voting Rights) Directions, 2025
(“Directions”). As per the 2025 Acquisition and Holding Directions, banks are required to have board-approved “fit
and proper” criteria for major shareholders (defined as a shareholder or any relative or associate enterprise thereof, or
person acting in concert therewith which holds 5.0% or more of the paid-up share capital or voting rights) and continuously monitor
the fit and proper status of major shareholders, including changes in the Significant Beneficial Owner (“SBO”) as
defined in the Companies Act and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Voting rights are capped at 26.0% for a single
shareholder. However, any acquisition of shareholding/voting rights which result in the aggregate holdings (as defined in the 2025 Acquisition
and Holding Directions) to be 5.0% or more, will require the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. For the purpose of determining
5.0% shareholding/voting rights, the holdings of equity shares and ADS are required to be aggregated. If the aggregate holding of a major
shareholder falls below 5.0%, Reserve Bank of India approval will again be needed to raise the holding again to 5.0% or above.

Regulatory
Reporting and Examination Procedures

The Reserve Bank of India is responsible for supervising
the Indian banking system under various provisions of the Banking Regulation Act and the Reserve Bank of India Act. The supervision framework
has evolved over time and the Reserve Bank of India has been making changes consistent with the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s
(“BCBS”) “Core Principles for Effective Banking Supervision”. The existing supervisory framework has been modified
towards establishing a risk-based supervision framework.

This framework is intended to make the supervisory
process for banks more efficient and effective, with the Reserve Bank of India applying differentiated supervision to each bank based
on its risk profile.

223

Table of Contents

A detailed qualitative and quantitative assessment of the bank’s
risk is conducted by the supervisor on an ongoing basis and an Inspection and Risk Assessment Report (“IRAR”) is issued by
the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India has designated a senior supervisory manager for any bank subject to this framework,
who serves as the single point of contact for a designated bank.

We have been subject to supervision under this
framework since 2013. The Reserve Bank of India also discusses our IRAR with our management team, including the Chairperson of the Bank,
the Chairperson of the Audit Committee, and the Managing Director and CEO. The IRAR, along with the report on actions taken by us, has
to be placed before our Board of Directors. Upon approval by our Board of Directors, we are required to submit the report on actions taken
by us to the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
—Loan Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets—Asset Classification
.”

Appointment and Remuneration of the Chairperson, Managing
Director and Other Directors

We are required to obtain
prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India before we appoint our Chairperson, Managing Director and any other executive directors or
fix their remuneration. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on “fit and proper” criteria for directors of banks.
Our directors must satisfy the requirements of these guidelines.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on the compensation criteria for Whole-time Directors, CEOs, material risk takers, non-executive directors and control function staff
of private sector and foreign banks operating in India.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on the minimum qualifications and experience required for the position of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Technology Officer in banks.

Penalties

The Reserve Bank of India may impose penalties
on banks and their employees for infringement of regulations under the Banking Regulation Act. The penalty may be a fixed amount or may
be related to the amount involved in any contravention of the regulations. The penalty may also include imprisonment.

Assets to be Maintained in India

The Reserve Bank of India requires that the book
value of assets located in India plus import-export bills drawn in India and certain securities approved by the Reserve Bank of India,
regardless of location, constitute at least 75.0% of its demand and time liabilities in India.

Restriction on Creation of Floating
Charge

Prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India is
required for creating any floating charge on our undertaking or property.

Maintenance of Records

Banks are required to maintain books, records
and registers. The Banking Regulation Act requires banks to maintain books and records in a particular manner, and file them periodically
with the Registrar of Companies. The KYC Guidelines promulgated by the Reserve Bank of India also provide for certain records to be updated
at regular intervals. The PMLA requires banks to maintain records of a transaction for five years from the date of the transaction between
a customer and the bank. The KYC records are required to be preserved for a period of five years from the date of cessation of the relationship
with the customer. The Banking Companies (Period of Preservation of Records) Rules, 1985 requires such KYC

224

Table of Contents

records be preserved for a period of eight years, and requires banks
to maintain records of books, accounts, and other documents relating to stock and share registers for a period of eight years.

The Reserve Bank of India has advised system providers
to ensure that data relating to payment systems operated by them are stored only in systems located in India. See also “
—IT
and Cybersecurity
.”

Governance of Banks

As part of steps taken to strengthen risk management
in banks, the Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines which aim to separate the credit risk management function from the credit approval
process and bring uniformity in the approach followed by banks.

In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India issued instructions
regarding the Chairperson and meetings of the Board, composition of certain Board committees, age, tenure and remuneration of directors,
and appointment of bank directors. The maximum age for non-executive directors, including the Chairperson, is 75 years and the total tenure
of a non-executive director on the board of a bank cannot exceed eight years.

In 2020, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidance
stating that a bank must have an effective compliance culture, independent compliance function and a strong compliance risk management
programme as part of a robust compliance system. The guidance requires banks to have a compliance policy explaining its compliance philosophy,
expectations on compliance culture, role of Chief Compliance Officer (“CCO”), and processes for managing and reporting on
compliance risk throughout the bank which must be reviewed and approved by the bank’s board at least once per year. Banks are required
to develop and maintain a quality assurance and improvement program covering all aspects of the compliance function and such programs
are subject to an independent external review periodically (at least once every three years). The selection of the candidate for the post
of the CCO shall be done on the basis of a well-defined selection process and recommendations made by the senior executive-level selection
committee constituted by the Board for this purpose. The CCO shall be appointed for a minimum fixed tenure of not less than three years.

Appointment of Auditors

The appointment of the statutory auditors of banks
is subject to the approval of the Reserve Bank of India. In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines for the appointment
of statutory auditors and statutory central auditors. For entities with an asset size of Rs. 150.0 billion and above, the statutory
audit must be conducted under joint audit by at least two audit firms. The Reserve Bank of India can direct a special audit in the interest
of the depositors or in the public interest. The Reserve Bank of India has also put in place a graded enforcement action framework to
enable appropriate action in respect of statutory auditors where any lapses in conducting a bank’s statutory audit have been observed.
Lapses that would be considered for invoking the enforcement framework include misstatement of a bank’s financial statements, wrong
certifications, wrong information given in the Long Form Audit Report, variances in audited financial statements found during the Reserve
Bank of India’s inspection and non-adherence to instructions and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

Restrictions on Payment of Dividends

The Banking Regulation Act requires banks to completely
write off capitalized expenses and transfer a statutory minimum of 20.0% of its disclosed yearly profit to a reserve account before declaring
a dividend, and Reserve Bank of India guidelines requires transfer of at least 25.0% of the ‘net profit’ before appropriations
to the Statutory Reserve. Banks must comply with prudential requirements to be eligible to declare dividends.

225

Table of Contents

Capital Adequacy Requirements

We are required to comply with the Reserve Bank
of India’s capital adequacy guidelines. The Reserve Bank of India’s Prudential Norms on Capital Adequacy prescribe a minimum
common equity Tier 1 risk-weighted capital ratio of 5.5%, a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 7.0% and a minimum total risk-based
capital ratio of 9.0%. The guidelines also require banks to maintain an additional common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of
2.5% of risk-weighted assets above the minimum requirements.

We were designated a domestic systemically important
bank by the Reserve Bank of India in 2015 and have continued to be categorized as a systemically important bank in India in subsequent
years. The additional common equity Tier 1 capital ratio requirement for us, because of our designation as a domestic systemically
important bank, is 0.20% of risk-weighted assets.

The Reserve Bank of India requires maintenance
of a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0% for domestic systemically important banks.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks that
arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are subject to capital adequacy requirements stipulated by the
Reserve Bank of India, including Basel III, as well as general market expectations regarding the level of capital
adequacy large Indian private sector banks should maintain, and any inability to maintain adequate capital due to changes in regulations,
a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses”
and
“—Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are subject to liquidity requirements of the Reserve Bank
of India as well as those of banking regulators in our overseas locations, and any inability to maintain adequate liquidity due to changes
in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses
.”

With respect to computation of risk-weighted assets
for capital adequacy purposes, we follow the standardized approach for the measurement of credit and market risks and the basic indicator
approach for the measurement of operational risk.

Under Pillar 2 of Prudential Norms on Capital
Adequacy as implemented by the Reserve Bank of India, banks are required to develop and put in place, with the approval of their boards,
an Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process commensurate with their size, level of complexity, risk profile and scope of operations.
The Reserve Bank of India has also issued guidelines advising banks to put in place appropriate stress testing policies and frameworks,
including sensitivity and scenario tests, for the various risk factors, the details and results of which are included in the Internal
Capital Adequacy Assessment Process.

In April 2026, the Reserve Bank of India issued
‘Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks-Capital Charge for Credit Risk- Standardized Approach) Direction, 2026’. These Directions
implement the Basel III standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets for credit risk in a more risk-sensitive manner, covering
banking book exposures to sovereigns, banks, corporates, small and medium enterprises, retail, real estate and off-balance sheet items.
Risk weights are determined based on external credit ratings, exposure types and eligible collateral, and the Directions also revise the
treatment of specialized lending, non-performing assets and credit risk mitigation techniques. The Directions will come into force on
April 1, 2027.

Prompt Corrective Action by the Reserve Bank
of India

The PCA framework subjects banks that do not meet
certain financial metrics are put under watch by the Reserve Bank of India as well as subject to restrictions on operations and business.
Under the PCA

226

Table of Contents

framework, a bank may be placed under watch at any point in time it
is found to breach any of the financial or operational parameters. Under the PCA framework, the key criteria for invocation of the PCA
include (i) falling below a capital adequacy ratio of 10.25% and/or below a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.75%, (ii) exceeding net non-performing
asset ratio of 6.0% or (iii) falling below a leverage ratio of 4.0%.

Legal Reserve Requirements

Cash Reserve Ratio

The Reserve Bank of India requires a bank to maintain
a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities, excluding interbank deposits, by way of cash reserves with itself and by
way of balance in a current account with the Reserve Bank of India. In December 2024, the Reserve Bank of India reduced the cash
reserve ratio of all banks by 50 basis points from 4.50% to 4.00% of net demand and time liabilities. Further, the Reserve Bank of India
reduced the cash reserve ratio by an additional 100 basis points from 4.0% to 3.0% of net demand and time liabilities through four equal
cash reserve ratio decreases of 25 basis points each, effective from the reporting fortnight beginning September 6, 2025, October
4, November 1 and November 29, 2025, respectively.

Statutory Liquidity Ratio

The Reserve Bank of India requires a bank to maintain
a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities in liquid assets like cash, gold or approved unencumbered securities. This
is referred to as the Statutory Liquidity Ratio. Investments in sovereign gold bonds may be included in the calculation of statutory liquidity
ratio. Currently, the statutory liquidity ratio is 18.0%.

Liquidity Coverage Ratio

Under Basel III as implemented by the Reserve
Bank of India, banks in India are required to maintain a minimum LCR which is a ratio of the stock of high-quality liquid assets to total
net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar days under certain prescribed stressed conditions, currently set at 100%. The LCR is designed
to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets to meet any acute liquidity requirements
over a hypothetical stressed period lasting 30 days.

Net Stable Funding Ratio

Under Basel III as implemented by the Reserve
Bank of India, the NSFR requires banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding on an ongoing basis. The NSFR is defined
as the amount of total available stable funding relative to the amount of total required stable funding. Banks are required to maintain
a ratio of at least 100.0%.

Regulations Relating to Loans and Advances

The Banking Regulation Act
and regulations and guidance promulgated by the Reserve Bank of India govern the provision of loans by banks in India. Directions and
guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India have been consolidated in the Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks – Credit Facilities)
Directions, 2025 and Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks – Credit Risk Management) Directions, 2025.

A bank may determine its own lending rates but
must disclose its minimum interest rate which takes into consideration all elements of lending rates that are common across borrowers.

227

Table of Contents

Interest rates on all new floating rate retail
loans and loans to MSMEs extended by banks are required to be linked to an external benchmark market interest rate. The external benchmark
includes the Reserve Bank of India policy repo rate, Government of India 91-day treasury bill yield, Government of India 182-day treasury
bill yield or any other benchmark market interest rate produced by Financial Benchmarks India Private Limited.

Banks are free to offer floating rate loans to
other types of borrowers (e.g., corporate borrowers) either on external benchmark or marginal cost of funds-based lending rate which is
the internal benchmark for such purposes. Banks must review and publish their marginal cost of funds-based lending rate monthly for maturities
up to a year as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India for computation of marginal cost of funds-based lending rate. Banks may not lend
below the benchmark rate for a particular maturity.

The Banking Regulation Act prohibits a bank from
granting any loans or advances against the security of its own shares and a banking company is prohibited from entering into any commitment
for granting any loan or advance to or on behalf of any of its directors, or any firm in which any of its directors is interested as partner,
manager, employee or guarantor, or any company (not being a subsidiary of the banking company, a company registered under Section 8 of
the Companies Act or a government company) of which, or the subsidiary or the holding company of which, any of the directors of the bank
is a director, managing agent, manager, employee or guarantor or in which he holds substantial interest, or any individual in respect
of whom any of its directors is a partner or guarantor, subject to certain exemptions.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
related to bank loans secured by equity in respect of amount, margin requirement and purpose. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
requiring banks to put in place a policy for exposure to real estate with the approval of their boards. The Reserve Bank of India has
recently issued amendment guidelines for acquisition financing.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued directions
related to digital lending that includes guidelines on disclosure to borrowers and consumer protection, such as displaying the annual
percentage rate in a prescribed format, providing a Key Fact Statement to the customer, appointing a Nodal Grievance Redressal Officer
for dealing with complaints/issues related to digital lending, providing cooling off/look up periods during which a borrower can foreclose
a digital lending loan without paying any penalty, providing digitally signed documents to the borrowers, and other requirements.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued directions
on fair lending practices on penal charges in loan accounts requiring Regulated Entities to formulate a board-approved policy on penal
charges or similar charges on loans. The guideline also require that the penalty charged for non-compliance with material terms and conditions
of loan contracts be charged in the form of “penal charges” and not “penal interest” and there shall be no capitalization
of penal charges. Penal charges should be clearly disclosed in the loan agreement, Most Important Terms & Conditions/Key Fact Statement
and on the website of the Bank, etc.

The Reserve Bank of India
requires all top-up loans extended by regulated entities against movable assets that are inherently depreciating in nature, such as vehicles,
to be treated as unsecured loans for credit appraisal, prudential limits and exposure purposes.

228

Table of Contents

The Reserve Bank of India requires regulated entities
to issue a standardized Key Fact Statement for all retail and MSMEs term loans. The statement must disclose key terms, including interest
rates and repayment schedules, and be acknowledged by the borrower before loan execution.

The Reserve Bank of India has directions requiring
interest to be charged from the actual date of fund disbursement. For cheque disbursals, interest must be charged from the date the cheque
is handed over to the borrower, encouraging online disbursement modes.

Directed Lending

Priority Sector Lending

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on lending to priority sectors, requiring commercial banks to lend a certain percentage of bank credit to specific priority sectors such
as agriculture, MSMEs, education, housing, social infrastructure, renewable energy and loans to start-ups.

The Reserve Bank of India’s total priority
sector target is 40.0% of adjusted net bank credit or of the credit equivalent amount of off-balance sheet exposure, whichever is higher,
with sub-targets of 14% to non-corporate farmers and 10.0% to small and marginal farmers within the overall target of 18.0% in agriculture.
The target for lending to micro enterprises is 7.5% from fiscal 2026. The target for lending to identified economically weaker sections
of society is 12.0% from fiscal 2026.

Banks falling short of their priority sector lending
targets are required to contribute allocated amounts to specific Government of India funds (i.e., RIDF and other funds with National Bank
for Agriculture and Rural Development / National Housing Bank / Small Industries Development Bank of India, and Micro Units Development
& Refinance Agency Limited). The interest rates on contribution to RIDF or other specific Government of India funds, tenure of deposits,
and other features are fixed by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. Further, banks having shortfall in achievement of any sub-target
can instead buy priority sector lending certificates to achieve their lending targets.

Export Credit

The Reserve Bank of India allows exporters to
avail themselves of short-term working capital financing at internationally competitive interest rates. Export credit is available both
in rupee as well as in foreign currency.

Regulations Governing Overseas Direct
Investment

In August 2022, the Reserve Bank of India along
with the Government of India issued a new Overseas Investment framework (i.e., Foreign Exchange Management (Overseas Investment) Rules,
Regulations and Directions) to promote the ease of doing business, cover wider economic activity and significantly reduce the need for
seeking specific approvals from the Reserve Bank of India.

Regulations on International Trade
Settlement in Rupee

In July 2022, the Reserve Bank of India notified
an additional arrangement for invoicing, payment, and settlement of exports/imports in rupee in order to promote growth of global trade
with emphasis on exports from India and to support the interest of global trading community in rupee.

Credit Exposure Limits

As a prudential measure aimed at better risk management
and avoidance of concentration of credit risk, the Reserve Bank of India requires that banks and certain other lenders limit their single-

229

Table of Contents

counterparty exposures, including to counterparty affiliates or sponsors,
as well as to set and periodically review sector-specific exposures.

Further, the Reserve Bank of India has issued
guidelines on large borrowers which prescribe a limit of 20.0% and 25.0% of the eligible capital base in respect of exposures to single
counterparty and groups of connected counterparties.

Capital Market Exposure Limits

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on capital market exposures requiring that a bank’s exposure to capital markets in all forms (both fund-based and non-fund-based)
by way of investments in shares, convertible bonds/debentures, units of equity-oriented mutual funds, loans against shares, and secured
and unsecured advances to stock brokers, should not exceed 40.0% of its net worth on both a standalone and consolidated basis as of March
31 of the previous year.

Limits on Intra-group Transactions
and Exposures

The Reserve Bank of India has prescribed an intra-group
entity exposure limit of 5.0% of the paid-up capital and reserves of the bank for non-financial companies and unregulated financial services
companies and 10.0% in the case of regulated financial entities. The aggregate group exposure cannot exceed 20.0% of paid-up capital and
reserves and surplus in case of all group entities (financial and non-financial) taken together and 10.0% in the case of all non-financial
companies and unregulated financial services companies taken together. Banks’ exposures to other banks/financial institutions in
the group in the form of equity and other capital instruments are exempt from these limits. If the exposure exceeds these limits, any
excess is be deducted from common equity Tier 1 capital of the bank.

Master Direction on Transfer
of Loan Exposure and Securitization of Standard Assets

In order to provide banks with options to manage
liquidity, rebalance their exposure or strategic sales and resolve their non-performing assets, the Reserve Bank of India issued directions,
requiring securitization originators to meet certain due diligence requirements and satisfy the minimum holding period requirements (three
months and six months) and the required minimum retention ratio of 10.0% .

Credit Information Bureaus

Pursuant to the Credit Information Companies (Regulation)
Act, 2005, every credit institution, including a bank, must become a member of a credit information bureau and furnish to it such credit
information as may be required of the credit institution by the credit information bureau about individuals or groups which have a credit
relationship with it.

In November 2025, the Reserve Bank of India issued
Master Direction on Credit Information Reporting, which includes but is not limited to a standardized framework for reporting and disseminating
credit information, requirements related to safeguarding the confidentiality and security of sensitive credit data, and requirements related
to consumers’ access to credit information and grievance redressal.

Loan Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets

In April 2025, the Reserve Bank of India issued
the Master Circular on Prudential Norms on Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning Pertaining to Advances which provides
consolidated instructions and guidelines relating to income recognition, asset classification and provisioning standards.

230

Table of Contents

Asset Classification

In particular, an advance is classified as a non-performing
asset where interest and/or installment of principal remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days in respect of a term loan, the
account remains “out-of-order” in respect of an overdraft or cash credit, the bill remains overdue for a period of more than
90 days in case of bills purchased and discounted, installment of principal or interest remains overdue for two crop seasons for short
duration crops or for one crop season for long duration crops and the amount of liquidity facility remains outstanding for more than 90
days, in respect of a securitization transaction.

In respect of derivative transactions the overdue receivables related to positive mark-to-market value of a derivative contract, if these remain unpaid for a period
of 90 days from the specified due date for payment. A credit card transaction is classified as a non-performing asset where the minimum
amount due, as mentioned in the statement, remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days from the payment due date mentioned in the
statement. Interest in respect of non-performing assets is not recognized or credited to the income account unless collected. Non-performing
assets are classified as described below.

Sub-Standard Assets.
Assets that are non-performing
assets for a period not exceeding 12 months. Such an asset has well-defined credit weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt
and are characterized by the distinct possibility that the bank will sustain some loss, if deficiencies are not corrected.

Doubtful Assets.
Assets that have remained
sub-standard for a period of 12 months. A loan classified as doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent in assets that are classified as
sub-standard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known
facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable.

Loss Assets.
Assets on which losses have
been identified by the bank or internal or external auditors during the performance of their audit procedures or during the Reserve Bank
of India inspection but the amount has not been written off fully.

There are separate guidelines for classification
of loans for projects under implementation which are based on the date of commencement of commercial production and date of completion
of the project as originally envisaged at the time of financial closure.

The Reserve Bank of India
conducts a risk-based supervisory assessment of banks on an annual basis. As a part of this assessment, it separately reviews how banks
classify assets and provisioning of credit facilities given by banks to its borrowers. This assessment is initiated after the completion
of the annual audit and the publication of audited financial statements for the given financial year. Any differences between how a bank
and the Reserve Bank of India classify assets or account for the provisioning of credit facilities are disclosed in subsequent financial
statements if the difference for a given reference period accounts for either of 5.0% of profits before provisions and contingencies or
5.0% of gross non-performing assets. The Reserve Bank of India’s assessments of divergence in asset classification and provisioning
for ICICI Bank did not require additional disclosures in fiscal 2021, fiscal 2022, fiscal 2023, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025.

In April 2026, the Reserve
Bank of India issued ‘Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks - Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning) Amendment
Directions, 2026’. These Directions introduce a forward-looking expected credit loss framework for provisioning on advances, replacing
the existing incurred-loss approach, while retaining the extant 90-day norms for classification of non-performing assets. Financial assets
are assigned to one of three stages based on changes in credit risk since initial recognition, with 12-month expected credit losses recognized
for Stage 1 assets and lifetime expected

231

Table of Contents

credit losses for Stage 2 and Stage 3 assets.
These directions also introduce the effective interest rate framework for income recognition on financial assets. The Directions will
come into force on April 1, 2027.

Restructured Loans

Standard restructured loans are subject to higher
standard asset provisioning requirements and higher risk weights for capital adequacy purposes. The higher risk weights and provision
shall continue until satisfactory performance under the revised payment schedule has been established for the specified period. If the
restructured account is overdue as per the revised schedule for a period beyond the minimum period prescribed for classification of a
loan as non-performing, it is required to be downgraded to non-performing status with reference to the pre-restructuring payment schedule.

Provisioning and Write-offs

Provisions under Indian GAAP are based on guidelines
specific to the classification of the assets. The following guidelines apply to the various asset classifications:

Standard Assets
: The allowances on the
performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning requirement is a uniform rate of 0.4%
for all standard assets except certain advances which require provision in the range of 0.25% to 3.0%.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
requiring banks to maintain provisions for standard assets at rates higher than the regulatory requirement in respect of advances to stressed
sectors of the economy. For assets referred to the National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, banks have
to make provisions to the extent of 50.0% of the secured portion and 100.0% of the unsecured portion of the outstanding loans.

Sub-standard Assets
: A provision of 15.0%
is required for all sub-standard assets. A provision of 25.0% is required for accounts that are unsecured.

Doubtful Assets
: A 100.0% provision/write-off
is required against the unsecured portion of a doubtful asset and is charged against income. For the secured portion of assets classified
as doubtful, a 25.0% provision is required for assets that have been classified as doubtful for a year, a 40.0% provision is required
for assets that have been classified as doubtful for one to three years and a 100.0% provision is required for assets classified as doubtful
for more than three years. The value assigned to the collateral securing a loan is the amount reflected on the borrower’s books
or the realizable value determined by third-party appraisers.

Loss Assets
: The entire asset is required
to be written off or provided for.

Guidelines Relating to Use of
Recovery Agents by Banks

The Reserve Bank of India has asked banks to implement
due diligence processes related to the engagement of recovery agents, to communicate details of recovery agents to borrowers, and provide
for grievance redressal in the context of the debt recovery process.

Legislative Framework for Enforcement of Security
by Banks for Non-performing Assets/Recovery of Debts Due to Banks

The SARFAESI Act provides that a secured creditor
may, in respect of loans classified as non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, give notice in writing
to the

232

Table of Contents

borrower requiring it to discharge its liabilities within 60 days.
If a borrower fails to do so, a secured creditor may, among other actions, take possession/sell off the assets constituting the security
for the loan, take over the management of the business of the borrower, appoint a person to manage the secured assets taken in possession
and the like with the ultimate objective of recovering the money due to the secured borrower. See also “
—Regulations Relating
to Sale of Assets to Asset Reconstruction Companies
”.

The Recovery of Debts and Bankruptcy Act, 1993
establishes Debt Recovery Tribunals with the objective of expeditious adjudication and recovery of debts due to any bank or financial
institution or consortium thereof. Upon establishment of the Debt Recovery Tribunal, no court or other authority can exercise jurisdiction
in relation to matters covered by this Act, except the higher courts in India in certain circumstances.

We are also adopting an alternate dispute resolution
mechanism both online and offline (entailing pre-litigation Lok Adalat, mediation, conciliation or arbitration or combination thereof
administered by Legal Service Authorities or an independent institution) for speedy resolution of claims and disputes of certain retail
assets and services as an alternative to approaching courts or tribunals. In addition, we focus on proactive management of accounts under
supervision. Our strategy is aimed at early-stage solutions to incipient problems.

Resolution of Stressed Assets

Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
2016

The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, provides
a corporate insolvency resolution process that can be initiated by creditors, subject to certain conditions and minimum thresholds

Regulations Relating to Sale
of Assets to Asset Reconstruction Companies

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
to banks on the process to be followed for sale of financial assets to asset reconstruction companies in the Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks - Transfer and Distribution of Credit Risk) Directions, 2025. These guidelines provide that a bank may sell financial assets to an asset reconstruction company provided the asset
is a non-performing asset.

Banks may also invest in security receipts or
pass-through certificates issued by an asset reconstruction company or trusts set up by it to acquire the financial assets. The Reserve
Bank of India has also issued guidelines governing the affairs of asset reconstruction companies’.

Framework for Fraud Risk Management including
Early Warning Signal and Red Flag Accounts

In July 2024, the Reserve
Bank of India issued the Master Directions on Fraud Risk Management requiring a bank to have a fraud risk management policy. This policy
must be approved by the bank’s board and delineate the roles and responsibilities of a board, its committees and senior management.
A bank must have a framework for early warning signals and red flagging of accounts under the overall fraud risk management policy approved
by the board, which shall provide for, among other things, a system of robust early warning signals that is integrated with core banking
solution or other operational systems.

See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Legislative
Framework for Enforcement of Security by Banks
for Non-performing Assets/Recovery of Debts Due to Banks
” and “
Supervision and Regulation—Legislative Framework for Enforcement of Security by Banks for Non-performing Assets/Recovery
of Debts Due to Banks— Resolution of Stressed Assets
”.

Regulations Relating to the Opening of Branches

The opening and relocation of branches are governed
by the provisions of Section 23 of the Banking Regulation Act.

233

Table of Contents

Banks may open a banking outlet in Tier 1 to Tier
6 centers without the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, subject to certain financial inclusion requirements. Banks must allocate
25.0% of the total number of new banking outlets opened during a year to unbanked rural centers. A banking outlet is a fixed-point
service delivery unit, manned by either a bank’s staff or its business correspondent, and where services of acceptance of deposits,
withdrawal, or lending services are provided for a minimum of four hours per day for at least five days a week.

Regulations Governing Use of Business Correspondents

To increase the outreach of banking and promote
greater financial inclusion, the Reserve Bank of India allows banks to engage business correspondents for providing banking and financial
services at locations other than a bank branch.

Regulations Relating to Deposits

The Reserve Bank of India permits banks to independently
determine interest rates offered on term and saving deposits. However, banks cannot pay interest on current account deposits. Interest
rates payable on savings deposits are not regulated. However, a uniform interest rate on savings deposits must be paid on deposits up
to Rs.100,000 and differential rates can be paid on deposits of over Rs.100,000.

Domestic time deposits and rupee-denominated non-resident
ordinary accounts have a minimum maturity of seven days. Rupee-denominated non-resident external rupee accounts have a minimum maturity
of one year and foreign currency denominated for non-resident Indians have a minimum maturity of one year and a maximum maturity of five
years.

Banks are allowed to offer differential rates
of interests on domestic term deposits and for bulk term deposits of Rs.30 million and above.

The Reserve Bank of India allows banks to offer
early withdrawal facility in a term deposit as a distinguishing feature for offering differential rates of interest. All term deposits
of individuals of Rs. 10 million and below should, necessarily, have a premature withdrawal facility. For all other term deposits,
customers should be given the option to choose between term deposits either with or without a premature withdrawal facility. Banks will
be required to disclose in advance the schedule of interest rates payable on deposits.

Banks are free to determine the interest rates
on non-resident (external) rupee deposits and ordinary non-resident accounts. However, the interest rates cannot exceed the rate offered
by the bank on comparable domestic rupee deposits.

The Reserve Bank of India has a framework related
to green deposits. The purpose of the framework is to encourage regulated entities to offer green deposits to customers, protect the interests
of the depositors, aid customers in achieving their sustainability agenda, address greenwashing concerns, and help augment the flow of
credit to green activities and projects.

Regulations Relating to Payments

In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India introduced
the Legal Entity Identifier system for single payment transactions of value Rs.500 million and above undertaken by non-individual entities
using centralized payment systems like real time gross settlement and national electronic funds transfer.

In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India also issued
master directions on digital payment security controls, which provide necessary guidelines for regulated entities to set up a robust governance
structure and implement common minimum standards of security controls for channels like internet, mobile banking,

234

Table of Contents

card payments, among others. This is to create an enhanced environment
for customers to use digital payment products in a safer and more secure manner.

In September 2025, the Reserve Bank of India issued
directions on authentication mechanisms for digital payment transactions requiring that all digital payment transactions be authenticated
by at least two distinct factors of authentication, unless exempted specifically. Further, other than card present transactions, at least
one of the factors of authentication must be dynamically created or proven.

Regulation Related to Current Accounts

In 2022, the Reserve Bank of India issued a consolidated
circular on current accounts and Cash Credit/Overdraft accounts, setting out conditions for opening such accounts based on borrower exposure.
The circular also requires banks to flag these accounts in the core banking system and review them at least once every six months to ensure
compliance. In 2025, the Reserve Bank of India exempted cash credit accounts from current account restrictions and increased the threshold
for unrestricted current/OD accounts from Rs. 5 crore to less than Rs. 10 crore of aggregate banking exposure.

Regulations Relating to Customer Service and
Customer Protection

The Reserve Bank of India has issued several guidelines
related to enhancing consumer protection and service:

The Reserve Bank of India has issued a charter
of customer rights, which provides the broad overarching principles for the protection of bank customers. The charter describes five
basic rights of bank customers: the right to fair treatment, the right to transparency, fair and honest dealing, the right to suitability,
the right to privacy and the right to grievance redress and compensation.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued procedural
guidelines for redressal of grievances by an internal ombudsman.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued directions
to banks related to determining customer liability that arises in an unauthorized electronic banking transaction.

The Reserve Bank of India does not allow regulated
entities, including banks, to deal in virtual currencies or to provide services related thereto, including maintaining accounts, registering,
trading, settling, clearing, giving loans against virtual tokens, accepting them as collateral, opening accounts of exchanges dealing
with them and transfer/receipt of money in accounts relating to purchase/sale of virtual currencies.

Personal Data Protection and Privacy

The Bank has a global presence in several jurisdictions
including Hong Kong, Singapore, the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, China, the Dubai International Financial Centre in the
United Arab Emirates and Bahrain. The Bank is committed to ensuring compliance with applicable laws across these jurisdictions. It has
an integrated and centralized strategy for achieving data privacy compliance across all jurisdictions.

Privacy regulations require the personal data
of customers to be protected throughout its entire life cycle. Accordingly, the Bank has undertaken several comprehensive measures such
as categorizing all personal data and sensitive personal data as ‘Confidential Information’, keeping records of all its processing
activities, entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties who are privy to customers’
personal data and providing customers the option to exercise

235

Table of Contents

various rights which they enjoy under applicable data protection regulations
and incident handling procedures.

In August 2023, the Government
of India enacted the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (“DPDPA”), and further notified the rules on November 13,
2025. The rules provided a phased timeline for implementation of the DPDPA.

The rollout of implementation
was to begin from November 13, 2025,

·   Immediate
                                            effect: Provisions related to the establishment and procedures of the Data Protection
                                            Board of India.

·   12
                                            months (by November 14, 2026): Rules concerning the registration and obligations of Consent
                                            Managers will come into force.

·   18
                                            months (by May 14, 2027): The core operational obligations for Data Fiduciaries and Significant
                                            Data Fiduciaries will become effective.

Regulations Governing Digital Banking Channels

In November 2025, the Reserve
of Bank India issued guidelines on digital banking channels authorization by consolidating and updating the existing instructions on use
of digital channels for providing banking services. The guidelines also directed banks to put in place comprehensive policies for all
digital banking channels keeping in account all statutory and regulatory requirements (including on management of liquidity and operational
risks in digital banking scenario).

Regulations Governing Credit, Debit and Co-branded
Cards

The Reserve Bank of India issued master directions
for the issuance of credit and debit cards. The directions cover the general and conduct regulations relating to credit, debit and co-branded
cards which shall be read along with prudential, payment and technology and cybersecurity related directions applicable to credit, debit
and co-branded cards.

Regulations Governing Prepaid Payment Instruments

The Reserve Bank of India has issued master directions
on the issuance of prepaid payment instruments and operations related to their use. Issuers of such instruments are required to have board-approved
policies on: the issuance of prepaid instruments, the engagement of agents for the purpose of issuing and reloading prepaid instruments,
co-branding arrangements, gift instruments and related activities.

Deposit Insurance

Demand and time deposits accepted by Indian banks
must be insured with the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of India. The
limit on insurance coverage is Rs.500,000 for each depositor. Banks are required to pay an insurance premium to the Deposit Insurance
and Credit Guarantee Corporation on a semi-annual basis. The cost of the insurance premium cannot be passed on to the customer.

Inoperative Accounts/The Depositor Education
and Awareness Fund Scheme, 2014—Section 26A of the Banking Regulation Act

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidance requiring
banks to transfer the credit balance in all eligible accounts that are inoperative or unclaimed along with interest accrued to the Depositor

236

Table of Contents

Education and Awareness Fund after ten years. Banks must undertake
at least an annual review in respect of accounts where there is no customer induced transaction for more than a year.

Borrowings by Banks in India

The Reserve Bank of India has permitted banks
to borrow and lend in call, notice and term money markets as per internal board-approved limits that are within the prescribed prudential
limits for interbank liabilities.

·   The inter-bank liabilities of a bank should not exceed 200% of its net worth as on March 31 of the previous year.

·   The banks whose Capital to Risk Weighted Assets Ratio (“CRAR”) is at least 25% more than the minimum CRAR of (9%) (i.e.,
11.25%) as on March 31, of the previous year, are allowed to have a higher limit up to 300% of the net worth for inter-bank liabilities.

The Reserve Bank of India also allows banks to
borrow funds from their overseas branches and correspondent banks (including borrowings for financing export credit, external commercial
borrowings and overdrafts from their head office/nostro account) up to a limit of 100.0% of unimpaired Tier 1 capital or US$10 million,
whichever is higher.

The Reserve Bank of India permits banks to issue
perpetual instruments that can qualify for inclusion as additional Tier 1 capital and debt capital instruments that can qualify for inclusion
as Tier 2 capital. Banks can also raise funds, by way of rupee-denominated bonds in the overseas market, and long-term bonds for financing
infrastructure and affordable housing projects.

Gold Monetization Scheme and Sovereign Gold
Bonds

The Gold Monetization Scheme (“GMS”)
is intended to mobilize gold held by households and institutions of the country and facilitate its use for productive purposes, and in
the long run, to reduce the country’s reliance on the import of gold. The minimum deposit at any one time is 10 grams of raw gold.
Medium- and Long-Term Government Deposits under the GMS have been discontinued with effect from March 26, 2025. Renewal, partial renewal
and partial redemption under Medium-Term Gold Deposits and Long-Term Gold Deposits for the legacy cases has also been discontinued.

Sovereign Gold Bonds are government securities
denominated in grams of gold which are issued by the Reserve Bank of India on behalf of the Government of India. They are substitutes
for holding physical gold.

Regulations Relating to KYC and AML

The PMLA and the rules promulgated thereunder
seek to prevent and criminalize money laundering and terrorist financing in line with recommendations made by the Financial Action Task
Force. The PMLA requires regulated entities to maintain certain records and report certain transactions to the Financial Intelligence
Unit within the Government of India. It also criminalizes certain offences and provides for appointment of the Designated Director and
Principal Officer and their respective obligations under the PMLA.

The Reserve Bank of India has also issued guidance
related to customer acceptance policy, customer due-diligence procedures, monitoring of transactions risk management, regulatory reporting,
training of employees and independent audit of AML/KYC framework. These directions are updated from time to time.

237

Table of Contents

Regulations Relating to Investments

The Reserve Bank of India requires banks to undertake
investment activities as per the terms and conditions specified in the Reserve Bank of India Master Direction on Classification, Valuation
and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks dated November 28, 2025.

The entire investment portfolio (including statutory
liquidity ratio-eligible securities and non-statutory liquidity ratio securities) is to be classified under three categories: Held-to-Maturity,
Available-for-Sale and Fair Value through Profit and Loss. Held for Trading is a separate investment subcategory within fair value through
profit and loss. Investments in own subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are a separate category. The category of the investment
shall be decided by the bank at the time of acquisition.

Banks shall not reclassify investments between
categories without approval by its board and the Reserve Bank of India.

A bank’s investment in unlisted non-statutory
liquidity ratio securities shall not exceed 10% of its total investment in non-statutory liquidity ratio securities as on March 31 of
the previous year.

The criterion used to classify an asset as a Non-Performing
Asset shall be used to classify an investment as a Non-Performing Investment (“NPI”) (i.e., an NPI is one where interest/
instalment, including maturity proceeds is due and remains unpaid for more than 90 days). In the case of equity shares, in the event the
investment in the shares of any company is valued at Re.1 per company on account of the non-availability of the latest balance sheet,
those equity shares shall be classified as NPI.

Investments in Alternative Investment
Funds

The Reserve Bank of India
has instructed that no regulated entity may invest more than 10.0% in any scheme of an alternative investment fund and the aggregate investment
by all regulated entities in any such scheme is restricted to 20.0% of the scheme’s corpus. Where a regulated entity invests more
than 5.0% in a scheme of an alternative investment fund, it is required to make a provision in proportion to its investment in a debtor
company made through that scheme, subject to a maximum of its direct loan and/or investment exposure to the debtor company. Investments
made in subordinated units of any such scheme shall be deducted from the regulated entity’s capital funds.

A banking group may invest
less than 20.0% in the corpus of a Category I or Category II scheme of an alternative investment fund without the prior approval of the
Reserve Bank of India, subject to the conditions stipulated in the directions. A banking group may invest 20.0% or more, but not exceeding
30.0%, in the corpus of a Category I or Category II scheme of an alternative investment fund, with the prior approval of the Reserve Bank
of India. A bank is not permitted to invest in any Category III scheme of an alternative investment fund, and investment by a bank’s
subsidiary in a Category III scheme of an alternative investment fund is restricted to the regulatory minima prescribed by the SEBI.

Banks are required to ensure
that their exposure to an investee company through investments in schemes of an alternative investment fund does not result in the circumvention
of any regulation applicable to banks.

Subsidiaries and Other Financial
and Non-Financial Services Investments

Under the provisions of Section
19(2) of the Banking Regulation Act, a bank cannot hold shares in any company whether as a pledgee, mortgagee or absolute owner of an
amount exceeding 30.0% of the paid up share capital of that company or 30.0% of its own paid up share capital, whichever is less. The
Act also

238

Table of Contents

prohibits banks from holding shares of companies
in which any managing director or manager of the bank is in any manner concerned or interested.

Banks are allowed to set
up subsidiaries only for undertaking activities as permitted under Section 19(1) of the Banking Regulation Act. Further, banks require
prior approval for making additional investments in the equity share capital of any group entity.

Equity investment by a bank
in any entity, including its group entity, individually, must not exceed 10% of the bank’s paid-up share capital and reserves as
per the last audited balance sheet or audited/unaudited balance sheet of the latest quarter, whichever is lower.

The aggregate equity investments
made in all entities, including group entities and overseas investments, shall not exceed 20% of the bank’s paid-up share capital
and reserves as per the last audited balance sheet or audited/unaudited balance sheet of the latest quarter, whichever is lower.

A banking group may make
an aggregate investment of less than 20% (with or without investment by the bank) in the equity share capital of an entity without prior
approval, subject to the following conditions:

(1) The bank’s CRAR
shall not be less than the minimum prescribed capital (including Capital Conservation Buffer) post the investment; and

(2) The bank should have
reported net profit in each of the preceding two financial years.

A bank is allowed to invest
20% or more in the equity share capital of a non-financial services entity but not exceeding 30% (except as subsidiary) only as per circumstances
listed in para 29(A) 1 of the Reserve Bank of India (Commercial Banks – Undertaking of Financial Services) Directions, 2025 (Updated
as on December 05, 2025).

Regulations on Asset Liability Management

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidance
related to liquidity risk management, including guidance related to liquidity risk governance, measurement, monitoring and position reporting
to the Reserve Bank of India.

Stress Testing

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidance
on stress testing, including guidance related to overall objectives, governance, design and implementation of stress testing programmes.
Banks are required to conduct stress tests which include at least baseline shocks prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India.

Guidelines on Banks’ Asset
Liability Management Framework – Interest Rate Risk

In February 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued
guidance requiring banks to submit quarterly disclosures in the prescribed format to the Reserve Bank of India.

IT and CyberSecurity

The Reserve Bank of India
has issued the Master Direction on Managing Risks in Outsourcing, 2025 (“2025 Outsourcing Direction”). One part of the 2025
Outsourcing Direction focuses on areas of managing

239

Table of Contents

risks while outsourcing IT related services to
third parties. Banks have been extensively leveraging IT and IT enabled services to support their business models, products and services
offered to their customers.

The Bank has a risk management framework for outsourcing
of IT services to comprehensively deal with the processes and responsibilities for identification, measurement, mitigation/ management
and reporting of risks associated with outsourcing of IT services arrangements.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued Master Direction
on IT Governance, Risk, Controls and Assurance Practices (“IT Direction”). The IT Direction focuses on areas of IT governance,
IT infrastructure and service management, IT and information security risk management, business continuity and disaster recovery management,
and information systems audit.

The Reserve Bank of India’s Cybersecurity
Framework in Banks (the “Cybersecurity Framework”) requires banks to put in place a cybersecurity policy containing an appropriate
approach to combat cyber threats given the level of complexity of business and acceptable levels of risk. The Cybersecurity Framework
focuses on areas of continuous surveillance, comprehensive security of IT, protection of customer data and the Cyber Crisis Management
Plan to maintain cybersecurity preparedness.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Technology—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, misuse of privilege access by insiders, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues
and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information,
adversely affect our business or reputation, and creating significant legal and financial exposure
”.

Foreign Currency Dealership

The Reserve Bank of India has granted us a full-fledged
authorized dealers’ Category- I license to deal in foreign exchange through our designated branches.

Further, banks are permitted to hedge the foreign
currency loan exposures of Indian corporations in the form of interest rate swaps, currency swaps and forward rate agreements, subject
to certain conditions.

Our foreign exchange operations are subject to
the guidelines specified by the Reserve Bank of India.

Statutes Governing Foreign Exchange and Cross-Border
Business Transactions

Foreign exchange and cross-border
transactions undertaken by banks are subject to the provisions of FEMA. Banks are required to monitor transactions of customers based
on predefined rules using a risk-based approach which envisages identification of unusual transactions, undertaking due diligence on such
transactions and, if confirmed as suspicious, reporting to the Financial Intelligence Unit of the respective jurisdiction.

The Reserve Bank of India issues guidelines on
external commercial borrowings and trade credits from time to time.

The Reserve Bank of India issued revised directions
in January 2024 on facilities for hedging exchange risk by residents and non-residents. According to the directions, derivative products
can be offered to any person resident in India or resident outside India having foreign exchange risk on an anticipated or contracted
basis in line with issued guidelines.

The Reserve Bank of India has permitted non-residents
to undertake transactions in the rupee interest rate derivatives markets for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk or otherwise.

240

Table of Contents

For purposes other than hedging, non-residents
(other than individuals) are permitted to take overnight index swap transactions directly with market makers in India or by way of back-to-back
arrangements through a foreign branch/parent/group entity of the market maker.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued revised guidelines
for offering over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives. It has prescribed broad principles to be adhered to by market makers with
respect to governance frameworks, introduction of new products, user dealing conduct, pricing and valuation, risk management, internal
control, and internal audit.

In May 2024, the Reserve Bank of India issued
Master Direction – Reserve Bank of India (Margining for Non-Centrally Cleared OTC Derivatives) Directions, 2024 mandating exchange
of Variation Margin and Initial Margin for non-centrally cleared OTC derivatives, thereby enhancing the counterparty risk management.

In May 2025, the Reserve
Bank of India’s (Forward Contracts in Government Securities) Directions came into force, permitting resident market participants
to take long positions in bond forwards and permitting resident and non-resident users to take covered short positions in bond forwards
for the purpose of hedging.

The Reserve Bank of India
issued guideline on Participation of Indian Banks on India International Bullion Exchange IFSC Limited (“IIBX”) wherein a
branch, subsidiary or joint venture of an Indian bank in GIFT-IFSC is allowed to act as a trading member or is a trading and clearing
Member of IIBX, and Indian banks are authorized to import gold/silver to act as special category client of IIBX.

In January 2025, the
Reserved Bank of India updated its Master Direction on Deposits and Accounts by allowing all permissible current and capital transaction
and allowing exporters to open foreign currency accounts with a bank outside of India.

Consolidated Supervision Guidelines

The Reserve Bank of India’s guideline, Reserve
Bank of India (Financial Statements - Presentation and Disclosures) Direction, requires banks to prepare consolidated financial statements
intended for public disclosure.

The Reserve Bank of India’s guideline on
Consolidated Prudential Return requires banks to submit to the Reserve Bank of India consolidated prudential returns reporting their compliance
with various prudential standards on a consolidated basis, excluding insurance subsidiaries and group companies engaged in businesses
not pertaining to financial services.

See also “Selected Statistical Information—Loan
Concentration.”

Moratorium, Reconstruction and Amalgamation
of Banks

The Reserve Bank of India may apply to the Government
of India to suspend the business of a banking company. The Government of India, after considering the application of the Reserve Bank
of India, may order a moratorium staying commencement of action or proceedings against such banking company for a maximum period of six
months. During such period of moratorium, the Reserve Bank of India may prepare a scheme for the reconstruction of the bank or merger
of the bank with any other bank only if it is in: (a) the public interest; (b) the interest of the depositors; (c) order to secure the
proper management of the bank; or (d) the interests of the banking system of the country as a whole.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on amalgamation between private sector banks and between banks and non-banking finance companies, emphasizing the examination of the rationale
for the

241

Table of Contents

merger, the systemic benefits arising therefrom and the advantages
accruing to the merged entity. With respect to a merger between two private sector banks, the guidelines require the draft scheme of merger
to be approved by the shareholders of both banks with a two-thirds majority after approval by the boards of directors of the two banks
concerned. Under the Banking Regulation Act, the Reserve Bank of India must value and approve the proposed merger. With respect to a merger
of a bank and a nonbanking company, where the non-banking company is proposed to be amalgamated with the bank, the banking company must
obtain the approval of the Reserve Bank of India after the scheme of amalgamation is approved by its board and the board of the non-banking
finance company, but before it is submitted to the National Company Law Tribunal for approval as required by the Companies Act. See also
“
—Other Statutes—Competition Act
.”

Other Statutes

Companies Act

Companies in India, including banks, in addition
to the sector-specific statutes and the regulations and guidelines prescribed by the sectoral regulators, are required to comply with
relevant provisions of the Companies Act. The Companies Act includes provisions to make independent directors more accountable, improve
corporate governance practices and make corporate social responsibility mandatory for companies above a certain size and require them
to spend a minimum of 2.0% of the average net profits of the preceding three years for corporate social responsibility initiatives. Any
shortfall in this regard must be explained in the annual report. Any excess amount spent over and above the requirement for that
year may be set off against the requirement to spend for succeeding financial years. Any unspent amount in case of an ongoing project
must be transferred to the Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility Account and spent as stipulated under the Companies Act and, in other
cases, transfer such unspent amount to the fund specified under Schedule VII of the Companies Act within the stipulated period.

Competition Act

The Competition Act, 2002 established the Competition
Commission of India with the objective of promoting competition, preventing unfair trade practices and protecting the interest of consumers. The
Competition Act, 2002 prohibits anti-competitive agreements and abuse of market dominance, and requires the approval of the Competition
Commission for mergers and acquisitions involving companies above a certain size.

Secrecy Obligations

The obligations of banks relating to maintaining
secrecy arise out of common law principles governing relationships with customers. Banks cannot disclose any information to third
parties except under clearly defined circumstances. The following are the exceptions to this general rule:

where disclosure is required to be
made under any law;

where there is an obligation to disclose
to the public;

where the bank needs to disclose information
in its interest; and

where disclosure is made with the express
or implied consent of the customer.

Banks are also required to disclose information
if ordered to do so by a court. The Reserve Bank of India may, in the public interest, publish the information obtained from the Bank.
Under the provisions of the Banker’s Books Evidence Act, a copy of any entry in a bankers’ book, such as ledgers, day books,

242

Table of Contents

cash books and account books certified by an officer of the bank may
be entered as evidence of the transaction in any legal proceeding.

Regulations and Guidelines of the SEBI

The SEBI was established to protect the interests
of investors in securities markets and to promote the development of and to regulate Indian securities markets. We and our subsidiaries
and affiliates are subject to SEBI’s regulations for public capital issuances, private placements as well as underwriting, custodian,
designated depository participant, merchant banker, depository participant, investment advisory, private equity, trading member, clearing
member, asset management, portfolio management, banker to the issue, research analyst and debenture trusteeship activities. These regulations
provide for the registration of the Bank and certain subsidiaries and affiliates, as appropriate, with SEBI for each of these activities,
functions and responsibilities. We and our subsidiaries are required to adhere to codes of conduct applicable to these activities.

Income Tax Benefits

As a banking company, the Bank is entitled to
certain tax benefits under the Income Tax Act. We are allowed a deduction of up to 20.0% of the profits derived from the business of providing
long-term finance (defined as loans and advances extended for a period of not less than five years) for industrial or agricultural development,
development of infrastructure facility in India or development of housing in India, computed in the manner specified under the Income
Tax Act and carried to a Special Reserve Account. The deduction is allowed for each financial year subject to the aggregate of the amounts
transferred to the Special Reserve Account for this purpose during the financial year not exceeding twice the paid-up share capital and
general reserves. The amount withdrawn from such a Special Reserve Account would be chargeable to income tax in the year of withdrawal,
in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act. In accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India in December
2013, banks are required to create deferred tax liability on the special reserve on a prudent basis. The deferred tax liability is permitted
to be charged through the profit and loss account. In India, while computing taxable income, provision on non-performing loans is allowed
as a deduction from income only up to 8.5% of the total income and 10.0% of the aggregate average advances made by the rural branches
of the bank. The balance of the provisions, which comprises a significant majority of the provision, is allowed as a deduction from the
taxable income at the time of write-off of the loans.

Regulations Governing Insurance Companies

The Sabka Bima Sabki Raksha
(Amendment of Insurance Laws) Act, 2025 came into effect from February 5, 2026. The Act, among other things, raised the foreign investment
limit in the insurance sector from 74% to a limit of 100%.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, our subsidiary/associate and affiliate offering life insurance and general insurance
products, respectively, are subject to the provisions of the Insurance Act, 1938 and subsequent rules and amendments notified, and the
various regulatory prescriptions issued by regulations prescribed by IRDAI. These regulate and govern, among other things, registration
as an insurance company, investment, solvency margin requirements, licensing/ registration of insurance agents and other insurance intermediaries,
advertising, sale and distribution of insurance products and services and protection of policyholders’ interests.

243

Table of Contents

Regulations Governing Mutual Funds

ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited, our asset management subsidiary, is regulated by SEBI for its asset management activity. The ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited is primarily governed by SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations 2026, SEBI (Portfolio Managers) Regulations, 2020 and SEBI (Alternative
Investment Funds) Regulations 2012 and circulars issued under the respective regulations. The branch of the ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited established in International Financial Services Centre (Gift City) and Dubai International Financial Centre (“DIFC”)
jurisdiction, are regulated by International Financial Services Centers Authority (“IFSCA”) and Dubai International Financial
Services Authority (“DFSA”) respectively.

Regulations Governing International Operations

Our international operations
are governed by regulations in the countries in which we have a presence. Further, the Reserve Bank of India has notified that the foreign
branches/foreign subsidiaries of an Indian banks/ can deal in financial derivative products, including structured financial products,
which are not available or are not permitted by the Reserve Bank of India in the domestic market without prior approval of the Reserve
Bank of India, subject to compliance with certain conditions.

Overseas Banking Subsidiaries

Our wholly-owned subsidiary in the United Kingdom,
ICICI Bank UK, is authorized and regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. Our subsidiary in the
United Kingdom has seven branches located in the United Kingdom and one branch in mainland Europe, located in Eschborn, Germany.

Our wholly-owned subsidiary in Canada, ICICI Bank
Canada (a Schedule II Bank in Canada), is regulated by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions. Our subsidiary in Canada
has 10 branches and 2 Customer Service Centers in Halifax and Winnipeg.

Offshore Branches

Our overseas branches in
Singapore, Bahrain, Hong Kong, the Dubai International Financial Centre, China and New York are regulated by the Monetary Authority of
Singapore, Central Bank of Bahrain, Hong Kong Monetary Authority, Dubai Financial Services Authority, National Financial Regulatory Administration,
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency respectively. In addition, we have an
Offshore Banking Unit located in the Santacruz Electronic Exports Promotion Zone (“SEEPZ”), Mumbai. In May 2026, the Bank
received a no objection letter from the Reserve Bank of India to close the Offshore Banking Unit located in the SEEPZ.

In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India released a
circular regarding infusion of capital in overseas branches and subsidiaries and retention/repatriation/transfer of profits in these centers
by banks incorporated in India. Under the circular, banks which meet regulatory capital requirements are permitted to engage in capital
infusion or transfer (including retention/repatriation of profits) after receiving board approval and report such activity to the Reserve
Bank of India.

Regulations Governing Banking Units in International
Financial Services Centers in India

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidance
permitting public and private sector banks dealing in foreign exchange to set up one banking unit in each international financial services
center in India (“IFSC”). Banks need prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India before opening a banking unit, and this will
be treated on par with a foreign branch of an Indian bank. In 2020, the Government established the IFSC Authority (“IFSCA”),
under the International Financial Services Centers Authority Act, 2019, a

244

Table of Contents

unified authority for the development and regulation of financial products,
financial services and financial institutions in an IFSC. The GIFT IFSC is the maiden international financial services center in India.
Prior to the establishment of IFSCA, the domestic financial regulators, namely, the Reserve Bank of India, SEBI, PFRDA and IRDAI regulated
the business in IFSCs. The main objective of the IFSCA is to develop a strong global connect and focus on the needs of the Indian economy
as well as to serve as an international financial platform for the entire region and the global economy as a whole.

Representative Offices

We have representative offices in various jurisdictions
that are regulated by the respective regulatory authorities.

Foreign Account Tax Compliance
Act

The Government of India entered into a Model 1
inter-governmental agreement with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with the United States. ICICI Bank is registered with
the Internal Revenue Service in the United States. In addition, the United States has entered into Model 1 inter-governmental agreements
with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates,
Bahrain and Malaysia and reached a similar agreement in substance with China and Indonesia, and a Model 2 inter-governmental agreement with
respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with Hong Kong. ICICI Bank has taken measures to comply with the terms of applicable
inter-governmental agreements with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and any regulations issued thereunder.

Common Reporting Standards

The Common Reporting Standard formally referred
to as the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information, is an information standard for the automatic exchange of information,
developed in the context of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. In India requirements under the Foreign Account
Tax Compliance Act/Common Reporting Standard are implemented by the Central Board of Direct Taxes. The common reporting standard has been
adopted by the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, China, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain.

245

Table of Contents

Exchange
Controls

Restrictions on Conversion of Rupees

There are restrictions on
the conversion of rupees into dollars. The FEMA has substantially eased the restrictions on current account transactions, with a few exceptions.
However, the Reserve Bank of India continues to exercise control over capital account transactions (i.e., those which alter the assets
or liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of persons).

Issuance of Depositary receipts, Restrictions
on Sale of the Equity Shares underlying ADSs and Repatriation of Sale Proceeds

The SEBI, via
circular dated October 10, 2019, has provided a framework for the issuance of depositary receipts. As per the circular, only a company
incorporated in India and listed on a recognized stock exchange in India may issue permissible securities or their holders may transfer
permissible securities, for the purpose of issuing depositary receipts subject to compliance with the eligibility criteria defined by
SEBI. SEBI has further issued operational guidelines dated October 1, 2020, for monitoring foreign holdings in depositary receipts. Pursuant
to the operational guidelines, every listed company shall appoint one Indian depository as the designated depository for the purposes
of monitoring such limits. Subsequently, SEBI issued a circular dated December 18, 2020, according to which non-resident Indians shall
neither subscribe to any further issue nor make any further acquisition of depositary receipts except issue of depositary receipts to
non-resident Indians pursuant to share based employee benefit schemes or pursuant to bonus issue or rights issue. The Listed Company has
the obligation to identify the non-resident Indian holders who are issued depositary receipts in terms of employee benefit scheme and
provide such information to the designated depository for monitoring limits. There are no end-use restrictions on American Depositary
Receipt issue proceeds except as provided under the extant FEMA guideline.

An ADR holder is entitled
to hold or transfer ADRs or redeem them into underlying ordinary shares with the option to continue holding ordinary shares. ADR holders
have the same rights in respect of bonus and rights issues as any ordinary shareholder of the company.

ADSs issued by Indian companies
to non-residents have free convertibility outside India. Under current Indian laws there is a general permission for the sale or transfer
of equity shares underlying ADSs obtained after conversion of ADRs by a person not resident in India to a resident of India if the sale
is proposed to be made through a recognized stock exchange or when the underlying shares are being sold in terms of an offer made under
Securities Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011. For all other cases of sale of
shares underlying the ADRs, permission of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

If a sale of securities has
taken place in terms of the rules laid down by the government, Reserve Bank of India guidelines and other applicable regulations, the
sale proceeds may be freely remitted as long as (i) the securities were held on repatriation basis, (ii) either the securities has been
sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India or the Reserve Bank of India’s approval has been
obtained in other cases and (iii) a no objection or tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority has been obtained.

The issuance of fresh depositary
receipts and any changes or modifications in the existing terms and conditions of ADR/GDR should be in accordance with DR Scheme, 2014,
and the SEBI Framework for issue of Depository Receipts, 2019 or/and be subject to approval or clarification from the Reserve Bank of
India or the SEBI.

246

Table of Contents

Investment in depositary
receipts by a person resident outside India should be in terms of schedule IX of the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments)
Rules, 2019 dated October 17, 2019, as amended from time to time.

247

Table of Contents

Restriction
on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities

The Government of India regulates the ownership
of Indian companies by foreigners. Foreign investment in securities issued by Indian companies, including the equity shares represented
by ADSs, is governed by the FEMA, and the rules and regulations thereunder. FEMA authorizes the Reserve Bank of India to impose restrictions
on inflow or outflow of foreign exchange and provides that certain transactions cannot be carried out without the general or special permission
of the Reserve Bank of India or relevant departments of the Government of India. FEMA has eased restrictions on current account transactions.
However, the Reserve Bank of India continues to exercise control over capital account transactions (i.e., those which alter the assets
or liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of persons). The Government of India has laid down rules and the Reserve Bank of India
has issued regulations under the FEMA to regulate the various kinds of capital account transactions, including certain aspects of the
purchase and issuance of shares of Indian companies.

The issue or transfer of any security of an Indian
company by a person resident outside of India, foreign investment in equity instruments (equity shares, compulsorily convertible debentures,
compulsorily convertible preference shares and share warrants) as well as issuance of rupee denominated shares for issuing ADSs, are all
governed by applicable rules and regulations issued under FEMA, the Depository Receipts Scheme 2014 and by the SEBI, and may be made only
in accordance with the terms and conditions specified under such rules and regulations.

The foreign investment limit in Indian companies
includes, in addition to foreign direct investments, investment by Foreign Portfolio Investors, Non-Resident Indians, Foreign Currency
Convertible Bonds, American Depository Receipts, Global Depository Receipts and convertible preference shares held by foreign entities.

The Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments)
Rules, 2019, as amended (“Rules”) provide for, among other things, the following restrictions on foreign ownership for private
sector banks:

·   Foreign investors (including indirect foreign investment made by foreign portfolio investors) may own up to 74.0% of the equity share
capital of a private sector bank in India subject to rules and regulations issued by the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India.
Foreign investment up to 49.0% in private sector banks does not require any specific approval, while foreign investment beyond 49.0% and
up to 74.0% requires the prior approval of the Government of India, unless an exemption applies. Investments by foreign investors exempted
from the requirement for Government of India approval include aggregate foreign portfolio investment (as defined in the Rules) up to 49.0%
of the paid-up capital on a fully diluted basis or a sectoral cap (whichever is lower) that does not result in the transfer of ownership
or control of the resident Indian company from resident Indian citizens or transfer of ownership or control to persons resident outside
India, and other investments by a person resident outside India shall be subject to the conditions of Government approval and compliance
of sectoral conditions as laid down in the Rules. The Rules allow Indian companies to freely issue rights and bonus shares to existing
non-resident shareholders, subject to adherence to sectoral cap and fulfilling certain conditions laid out in the applicable laws and
statute. The aggregate foreign investment limit of 74.0% includes investments by way of foreign direct investments, ADSs/Global Depositary
Receipts (Depository Receipts), Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (mandatorily and compulsorily convertible) and investment under the
Portfolio Investment Scheme by foreign portfolio investors and non-resident Indians/Overseas Citizens of India, and also includes shares
acquired by subscription to private placements and public offerings and acquisition of shares from existing shareholders. At least 26.0%
of the paid-up capital would have to be held by Indian residents at all times, except in regard to a wholly-owned subsidiary of a foreign
bank.

248

Table of Contents

·   Additionally, in the case of proposals requiring prior approval of the Government of India, those proposals involving total
                                                                                                               foreign equity inflow of more than Rs. 50.0 billion, shall require the approval of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.

·   An individual non-resident Indian’s holding is restricted to 5.0% of the total paid-up share capital both on a repatriation
and non-repatriation basis and the aggregate limit of investment by all non-resident Indians cannot exceed 10.0% of the total paid up
capital both on repatriation and non-repatriation basis. However, non-resident Indian holdings can be allowed up to 24.0% of the total
paid-up capital, both on repatriation and non-repatriation basis, subject to a special resolution to this effect passed by the shareholders
of the bank.

·   Aggregate holding by a person along with his relatives, associate enterprises and persons acting in concert with him, whether directly
or indirectly, beneficial or otherwise, of shares or voting rights, of 5.0% or more of the paid-up share capital or voting rights (“major
shareholding”) in a banking company shall require prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India pursuant to Master direction Reserve
Bank of India (Commercial Banks - Acquisition and Holding of Shares or Voting Rights) Directions, 2025. The persons from Financial Action
Task Force non-compliant jurisdictions shall not be permitted to acquire major shareholding in a banking company. However, existing major
shareholding by persons from Financial Action Task Force non-compliant jurisdiction shall be continued, provided that there shall not
be any further acquisition without prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. If aggregate holding of a person falls below 5.0%, fresh
Reserve Bank of India approval will be required for raising it again to 5.0% or above. Additionally, the ceiling on voting rights for a
single shareholder is 26.0% of the total voting rights of all shareholders of the bank. In addition, a depository may exercise voting
rights on behalf of a DR holder subject to the DR holder demonstrating compliance of Section 12B of Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

·   A permissible holder may purchase or sell equity shares of a public Indian company which is listed or to be listed on an International
Exchange under Direct Listing of Equity Shares of Companies Incorporated in India on International Exchanges Scheme.

Under the Portfolio Investment Scheme:

·   Foreign portfolio investors, as referred in SEBI (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, may hold share capital up to sectoral
cap applicable to such Indian company. However, an Indian company may, with the resolution of its board of directors and a special resolution:
(i) decrease the aggregate limit before March 31, 2020 to a lower threshold of 24.0% or 49.0% or 74.0% or (ii) increase the aggregate
limit to 49.0% or 74.0% or the sectoral cap or any statutory ceiling. However, once the aggregate limit is increased, the limit cannot
be reduced later. No single foreign portfolio investor may own 10.0% or more of total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis
on behalf of itself or it’s investor group.

·   Overseas corporate bodies are not permitted to invest under the Portfolio Investment Scheme, although they may continue to hold investments
that have already been made under the Portfolio Investment Scheme until such time as these investments are sold on the stock exchange.
Overseas corporate bodies are derecognized as a class of investor entity by the Reserve Bank of India under various routes and schemes
under the foreign exchange rules and regulations.

Foreign Portfolio Investment Scheme – Purchase of shares or
convertible debentures or warrants

A foreign portfolio investor registered with the
SEBI as per the SEBI (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, as amended from time to time can purchase shares or convertible

249

Table of Contents

debentures or warrants of an Indian company as per the extant SEBI
and FEMA guidelines. The total holding by each foreign portfolio investor or its investor group shall be less than 10.0% of the total
paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or less than 10.0% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares
or share warrants issued by an Indian company. If the total investment exceeds the aforementioned threshold limit, the foreign portfolio
investor shall divest the excess holding within five trading days from the date of settlement of the trades resulting in the breach. In
the event of failure to do so, the entire investment in the company by such foreign portfolio investors including its investor group shall
be considered as FDI and the foreign portfolio investor and its investor group shall not make further portfolio investment in that company.
The clubbing of investment limit of foreign portfolio investors is based on common ultimate beneficial ownership. Except for the exemptions
provided in these regulations, multiple entities registered as foreign portfolio investors and directly or indirectly, having common ownership
of more than 50.0% or common control, shall be treated as part of the same investor group and the investment limits of all such entities
shall be clubbed at the investment limit as applicable to a single foreign portfolio investor.

Transfer of equity instruments by a person resident outside India

A person resident outside India (other than a
non-resident Indian/overseas citizen of India or a former overseas corporate body) may transfer by way of sale or gift the equity instruments
of an Indian company or units held by him or it to any person resident outside India provided that:

·   prior government approval shall be obtained for any transfer in case the company is engaged in a sector which requires government
approval; and

·   where the equity instruments are held by the person resident outside India on a non-repatriable basis, the transfer by way of sale
where the transferee intends to hold the equity instruments on a repatriable basis, shall be in compliance with and subject to the adherence
to entry routes, sectoral caps or investment limits, as specified in Rules and attendant conditionalities for such investment, pricing
guidelines, documentation and reporting requirements for such transfers, as may be specified by the Reserve Bank of India from time to
time.

A person resident outside India holding equity
instruments of an Indian company or units:

·   may transfer the same to a person resident in India by way of gift;

·   may sell the same to a person resident in India on a recognized stock exchange in India through a registered broker in the manner
prescribed by SEBI; or

·   may sell the same to a person resident in India, subject to the adherence to pricing guidelines, documentation and reporting requirements
for such transfers as may be specified by the Reserve Bank of India in consultation with the Government from time to time.

The Reserve Bank of India guidelines
relating to acquisition by purchase or otherwise of shares or voting rights of a banking company, if such acquisition results in any
person owning or controlling 5.0% or more of the paid-up share capital or voting rights of the banking company, are also applicable
to foreign investment, whether directly or indirectly, beneficial or otherwise. For more details on the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines relating to acquisition and holding of shares or voting rights in banking companies, see “
Supervision and
Regulation—Ownership and Voting Restrictions
”.

Reporting of foreign investments

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on reporting of foreign investments with the objective of integrating different reporting structures for foreign investments in India.
As per the

250

Table of Contents

guidelines, a Single Master Form must be filed online. The Single Master
Form, as amended from time to time, provides a facility for reporting total foreign investments in an Indian entity as well as investments
by persons residing outside India in an investment vehicle.

Indian entities not complying with this pre-requisite
will not be able to receive foreign investments (including indirect foreign investments) and will be deemed non-compliant under the FEMA
and regulations made thereunder, as amended from time to time.

All the reporting prescribed under “Foreign
Investment in India”, except if specifically stated otherwise, is required to be done through the Single Master Form, as amended
from time to time, available on the Foreign Investment Reporting and Management System platform of the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve
Bank of India through its circular dated January 4, 2023, advised that the forms submitted with respect to reporting of foreign investment
in Single Master Form on Firms Portal will be auto-acknowledged and the Authorised Dealer Category-I banks shall verify the same within
five working days based on the uploaded documents, as specified. Further, in case of forms filed with delayed reporting of less than or
equal to three years, the Authorised Dealer Category-I banks will approve the same, subject to payment of late submission fee. For delayed
reporting greater than three years, the Authorised Dealer Category-I bank will approve the forms subject to compounding of contravention.
Under the erstwhile provisions, in case of delayed reporting, the case was supposed to be referred to Reserve Bank of India, whereas basis
the recent amendment, powers have been given to Authorised Dealer to approve delayed reporting subject to payment of late submission fees/compounding,
as the case may be.

Currently, an Indian entity or an investment vehicle
making a downstream investment in another Indian entity which is considered as indirect foreign investment for the investee Indian entity
in terms of Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instrument) Rules, 2019, shall notify the Secretariat for Industrial Assistance, DPIIT,
about such investment (including modality of investment in new/existing ventures) within 30 days of such investment, even if equity instruments
have not been allotted. Such entity or investment vehicle shall also file Form DI with the Reserve Bank of India within 30 days from the
date of allotment of equity instruments.

Issue of ADSs

Indian companies are permitted to raise foreign
currency resources through the issuance of shares represented by ADSs to foreign investors under the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014,
as amended from time to time. Such issuance is subject to sectoral caps, entry routes, minimum capitalization norms, pricing norms, among
other things, as applicable as per the rules and regulations established by the Government of India and/or Reserve Bank of India from
time to time in this regard.

An Indian company issuing ADSs must comply with
certain reporting requirements specified by the Reserve Bank of India. An Indian company may issue ADSs if it is eligible to issue shares
to persons resident outside India under the FDI scheme, and shall not exceed the limit on foreign holding of such eligible securities
under the extant FEMA and the rules made thereunder, as amended from time to time. Similarly, an Indian company which is not eligible
to raise funds from the Indian capital markets, including a company which has been restricted from accessing the securities market by
the SEBI, will not be eligible to issue ADSs. As per the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, if the issue or purchase of permissible securities
underlying the depository receipts does not require approval under the FEMA, no Government of India approval will be required for issuance,
purchase or holding of such depository receipts. Overseas corporate bodies as defined under applicable rules, which are not eligible to
invest in India and entities prohibited to buy, sell or deal in securities by the SEBI are not eligible to subscribe to ADSs issued by
Indian companies.

251

Table of Contents

For transfer of ADSs, investors may need to seek
specific approval from Government of India on a case-by-case basis. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, if any investor were to withdraw
its equity shares from the ADS program, its investment would be subject to the general restrictions on foreign ownership noted above and
may be subject to the portfolio investment restrictions. Secondary purchases of securities of a banking company in India by foreign direct
investors or investments by non-resident Indians, and foreign portfolio investors above the ownership levels set forth above require the
Government of India’s approval on a case-by-case basis. It is unclear whether similar case-by-case approvals of ownership of equity
shares withdrawn from the depositary facility by non-resident Indians, overseas corporate bodies and foreign portfolio investors would
be required.

Furthermore, if an investor withdraws equity shares
from the ADS program and its direct or indirect holding in a private Indian bank is equal to or exceeds 25.0% of its total equity, or
when such holding is or exceeds 25.0% of the total equity and thereafter such investor acquires additional 5.0% equity within any financial
year, such investor may be required to make a public offer for acquiring shares of the remaining shareholders under the SEBI (Substantial
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations 2011, as amended from time to time. For more details on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines
relating to acquisition by purchase or otherwise of shares of a private bank, see “
Supervision and Regulation—Ownership
and Voting Restrictions
”.

Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014

An eligible person may now issue or transfer eligible
securities to a foreign depository for the purpose of issuance of depository receipts in terms of Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, as
amended from time to time. Depository receipts issued under the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through
Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 shall be deemed to have been issued under the corresponding provisions of the Depository Receipts
Scheme, 2014.

252

Table of Contents

DIVIDENDS

Under Indian law, a company pays dividends upon
a recommendation by its board of directors and approval by a majority of the shareholders at the annual general meeting of shareholders
held within six months from the end of each fiscal year. The shareholders have the right to decrease but not increase the dividend amount
recommended by the board of directors. Dividends may be paid out of the company’s profits for the fiscal year for which the dividend
is declared or out of undistributed profits of prior fiscal years, after excluding amount representing unrealized gains, notional gains
or revaluation of assets and any change in carrying amount of an asset or of a liability on measurement of the asset or the liability
at fair value. Dividends can also be paid by a company in the interim period, termed “interim dividend” which does not require
the approval of the shareholders unless it is combined with the final dividend being recommended by the board of directors. The Reserve
Bank of India has stipulated that banks may declare and pay dividend out of the profits from the relevant accounting period, without prior
approval of the Reserve Bank of India, if they satisfy the minimum prudential requirements and subject to the prudential cap on dividend
payout ratio prescribed in the guidelines issued in this regard by the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Restrictions
on Payment of Dividends
”. Equity shares issued by us are pari passu in all respects including dividend entitlement.

We have paid dividends consistently every year
from fiscal 1996, the second year of our operations, other than for fiscal 2020, as the Board of Directors did not recommend any dividend
in view of the Reserve Bank of India circular ‘Declaration of dividends by banks (Revised)’ dated April 17, 2020, directing
banks not to make any dividend payouts from the profits pertaining to fiscal 2020, with the intent that banks conserve capital to retain
their capacity to support the economy and absorb losses in an environment of heightened uncertainty caused by COVID-19.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the dividend per equity share and the total amount of dividends paid out on the equity shares during the fiscal year by ICICI
Bank, each exclusive of dividend tax. This may be different from the dividend declared for the year.

Dividend per equity share   Total amount of dividend paid
(in Rs.)   (Rs. in billion)
Dividend paid during the fiscal year
2022   2.00   13.9
2023   5.00   34.8
2024   8.00   56.0
2025   10.00   70.4
2026   11.00   78.5

From fiscal 2021, dividend income is taxable in
the hands of shareholders and companies are not liable to pay dividend distribution tax on distributed profits.

253

Table of Contents

For fiscal 2026, the Board of Directors has proposed
a dividend, of Rs. 12.00 per equity share, which will be paid during fiscal 2027 after approval by the shareholders in the forthcoming
annual general meeting.

Future dividends will depend upon our revenues,
cash flow, financial condition, the regulations of the Reserve Bank of India and other factors. Owners of ADSs will be entitled to receive
dividends payable in respect of the equity shares represented by such ADSs. The equity shares represented by ADSs rank pari passu with
existing equity shares. At present, we have equity shares issued in India and equity shares represented by ADSs.

254

Table of Contents

Taxation

Indian Tax

The following discussion of material Indian tax
consequences to investors in ADSs and equity shares who are not resident in India, regardless of whether such investors are of Indian
origin or not (each, a “non-resident investor”), is based on the provisions of the Income Tax Act, including the special tax
regime for ADSs contained in section 115AC of the Income Tax Act, which has been extended to cover additional ADSs that an investor may
acquire in a merger or restructuring of the company, and certain regulations implementing the section 115AC regime. The Income Tax Act
is amended every year by the Finance Act of the relevant year. Some or all of the tax consequences described herein may be amended or
modified by future amendments to the Income Tax Act. This summary is not intended to constitute a complete analysis of the tax consequences
under Indian law of the acquisition, ownership and sale of ADSs and equity shares by non-resident investors. Holders should, therefore,
consult their own tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of such acquisition, ownership and sale, including the tax consequences
under Indian law, the law of the jurisdiction of their residence, any tax treaty between India and their country of residence, and in
particular the application of the regulations implementing the section 115AC regime.

Residence

For the purposes of the Income Tax Act, an individual
is a resident of India during any fiscal year if such individual:

(a)   is in India in that year for 182 days or more or

(b)   is in India for a period or periods aggregating 365 days or more during the four years preceding that fiscal year and periods aggregating
60 days or more in that fiscal year.

The period of 60 days is replaced with 120 days
where an Indian citizen or person of Indian origin who, being resident outside India, comes on a visit to India during the fiscal year
and having income in India other than foreign source more than Rs. 1.5 million.

The period of 60 days is replaced with 182 days
in the case of:

·   an Indian citizen who leaves India for purposes of employment or

·   as a member of the crew of an Indian ship during the fiscal year

·   an Indian citizen or person of Indian origin who, being resident outside India, comes on a visit to India during the fiscal year,
having income in India other than foreign source less than Rs. 1.5 million

A company is resident in India in any fiscal year
if

(a)   it is an Indian company or

(b)   its place of effective management in that year is in India.

A firm or other association of persons is resident
in India except where the control and the management of its affairs are situated wholly outside India.

Taxation of Distributions

As per provision of the income tax laws, dividend
received in respect of ADS will be taxable at the rate of 10% and payer of the dividend would be required to deduct tax at the rate of
10%.

255

Table of Contents

Taxation on Exchange of ADSs

The receipt of equity shares upon the surrender
of ADSs by a non-resident investor would not give rise to a taxable event for Indian tax purposes.

Taxation on Sale of ADSs or Equity Shares

Any transfer of ADSs outside India by a non-resident
investor to another non-resident investor will not give rise to Indian capital gains tax in the hands of the transferor. Gains on the
transfer of ADSs by Foreign Institutional Investors to an Indian resident will be subject to capital gains tax.

Subject to any relief under any relevant double
taxation treaty, gain arising from the sale of an equity share will generally give rise to liability for Indian income tax in the hands
of the transferor and tax will be required to be withheld at source. Gains will either be taxable as capital gains or as business income,
depending upon the nature of holding.

Where the equity share has been held for more
than 12 months (measured from the date on which the request for redemption of the ADS was made), the resulting long-term capital gains
will be taxable as per the provision of the Income Tax Act, at the rate of 12.5% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess) under
the provision of the Income Tax Act, if the total long-term capital gain exceeds Rs. 0.125 million and the shares are traded on a recognized
stock exchange and the securities transaction tax, described below, is paid on such sale and purchase.

For computing capital gains relating to the acquisition
made before February, 2018, the cost of acquisition shall be higher of actual cost of acquisition or lower of price of equity shares quoted
on stock exchange on January 31, 2018 (if no trading then immediately preceding day) or sale price.

Further, an additional requirement for payment
of securities transaction tax on conversion of ADSs to equity shares has been relaxed subject to certain conditions.

If the equity share has been held for 12 months
or less, the resulting short-term capital gains will be taxable at a tax rate of 20% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess).
This rate of tax is applicable provided the gains are treated as capital gains and provided the shares are sold on recognized Indian stock
exchanges and are subject to securities transaction tax. In other cases, the rate of tax applicable under the provisions of the Income-tax
Act varies, subject to a maximum rate of 35% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess). The actual rate depends on a number of
factors, including without limitation the nature of the non-resident investor.

The above rate may be reduced under the provisions
of the double taxation treaty entered into by the Government of India with the country of residence of the non-resident investors. The
double taxation treaty between the United States and India (the “Treaty”) does not provide U.S. residents with any relief
from Indian tax on capital gains i.e. it will be taxable as per the local laws of India.

Tax on long-term and short-term capital gains, if payable,
as discussed above, upon a sale of equity shares,

(a)   To be deducted at source by the person responsible for paying the non-resident, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
Income Tax Act. As per the provisions of the Income Tax Act, any income by way of capital gains payable to non-residents may be subject
to withholding of tax at the rate under the Income Tax Act or the double taxation treaty, whichever is more beneficial to the assessee,
unless a lower withholding tax certificate is obtained from the tax authorities.

256

Table of Contents

(b)   To get the benefit of the applicable double taxation treaty, the non-resident investor must furnish a certificate of his or her residence
in a country outside India and such other documents as may be prescribed under the Act such as valid Permanent Account Number issued by
the Indian income tax authorities or tax identification number issued by the income tax authorities of the country of tax residence along
with certain other details such as name, e-mail ID, contact number, address etc.

Where Permanent Account Number is submitted, it should be
linked to Aadhaar (applicable in case of individuals if Aadhaar is obtained in India). Otherwise tax will be deducted at the higher rate
which may go up to 20% or more.

(c)   The non-resident will be entitled to a certificate evidencing such tax deduction in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax
Act.

(d)   However, as per provisions of the Income Tax Act, no deduction of tax shall be made from capital gain arising from transfer of securities,
payable to a Foreign Institutional Investor.

For purposes of determining the amount of capital
gains arising on a sale of an equity share for Indian tax purposes, the cost of acquisition of an equity share received upon the surrender
of an ADS will be the price of the share prevailing on the BSE Limited or the National Stock Exchange of India Limited on the date a request
for such redemption was made. The holding period of an equity share received upon the surrender of an ADS will commence on the date on
which request for such redemption of the ADS was made.

A sale/purchase of equity shares entered into
on a recognized stock exchange in India, whether settled by actual delivery or transfer, will be subject to the securities transaction
tax in the hands of purchaser and seller at the rate of 0.1% on the value of the transaction at the time of sale. However, when settlement
is done other than by actual delivery or transfer, it will be subject to the securities transaction tax in the hands of seller at the
rate of 0.025% on the value of the transaction at the time of sale.

Rights

Distributions to non-resident investors of additional
ADSs or equity shares or rights to subscribe for equity shares made with respect to ADSs or equity shares are not subject to Indian income
tax in the hands of the non-resident investor.

In case of capital gains derived from the extinguishment
of rights outside India by a non-resident investor that is not entitled to exemption under a tax treaty, to another non-resident investor,
the sale may be deemed by the Indian tax authorities to be situated within India (as our situs is in India), in which case, any gains
realized on the sale of the rights will be subject to Indian capital gains taxation, in the manner discussed above under
“—Taxation
on Sale of ADSs or Equity Shares”
.

Bonus

The holding period in case of bonus shares will
commence from the date of allotment of such bonus shares. The cost of acquisition of bonus shares acquired before January 31, 2018 will
be the fair market value of the bonus shares as on January 31, 2018 but shall not exceed the sales price. The cost of acquisition of bonus
shares acquired after January 31, 2018 will be considered as nil.

General Anti Avoidance Rule

The powers to invoke provisions under General
Anti Avoidance of Tax are bestowed upon the Indian income tax authorities if they allege that the primary motive of a particular transaction
or arrangement is

257

Table of Contents

to obtain a tax advantage. If provisions under General Anti Avoidance
of Tax are invoked by tax authorities, then a tax benefit or benefit under the tax treaty may be denied.

Stamp Duty

Pursuant to an amendment to the Indian Stamp Act,
1899 effective July 1, 2020, stamp duty is payable on any issue/ transfer of equity shares in non-physical form. Our equity shares are
compulsorily delivered in non-physical form.

Upon the issuance of the equity shares underlying
ADSs, we, are required to pay a stamp duty of 0.005% of the total market value of the equity shares issued. A transfer of ADSs is not
subject to stamp duty under Indian law. However, transfer of equity shares (on delivery basis) by a non-resident investor is subject to
stamp duty at the rate of 0.015% of the market value of the equity shares on the trade date. Such stamp duty is payable, (i) by the buyer
in case the transfer of equity shares is through a stock exchange and (ii) by the seller in case the transfer of equity shares is other
than through a stock exchange or is through a depository or is other than through a depository.

Other Taxes

At present, there are no taxes on wealth, gifts
or inheritance which apply to the ADSs or underlying equity shares.

Goods and Services Tax

Goods and Services Tax is a single comprehensive
tax levied on the manufacture, sale and consumption of goods and services at a national level. It is applicable from July 1, 2017 on all
transactions of goods and services on which various indirect taxes levied by the Centre and States is submersed except goods and services
outside the purview of Goods and Services Tax and transactions below the threshold limit. Brokerage fees paid to stockbrokers in connection
with the sale or purchase of shares which are listed on any recognized stock exchange in India are subject to Goods and Services Tax at
a rate of 18%. The stockbroker is responsible for collecting the Goods and Services Tax and paying it to the relevant authority. Sale
of the securities including ADS and equity shares is outside the purview of Goods and Services Tax.

United States Federal Income Tax

The following is a description of material U.S.
federal income tax consequences to the U.S. Holders described below of owning and disposing of ADSs or equity shares, but it does not
purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to your decision to own ADSs or equity shares.
This discussion applies to you only if you are a U.S. Holder that owns ADSs or equity shares as capital assets for U.S. federal income
tax purposes.

This discussion does not discuss all of the tax
consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, including any minimum tax consequences, tax
consequences of the “Medicare contribution tax” on “net investment income” and tax consequences that may be applicable
to you if you are a person subject to special rules, such as:

·   an insurance company;

·   a tax-exempt entity;

·   a dealer or an electing trader in securities who uses a mark-to-market method of tax accounting;

258

Table of Contents

·   one of certain financial institutions;

·   a person who owns ADSs or equity shares as part of an integrated investment (including a straddle or conversion transaction);

·   a person whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;

·   a person who acquired or received ADSs or equity shares pursuant to the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise as compensation;

·   a person holding ADSs or equity shares in connection with a trade or business conducted outside of the United States;

·   a person who owns, directly, indirectly or constructively, 10.0% or more of our stock, by vote or value; or

·   a partnership or other entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

If an entity or arrangement that is classified
as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes owns ADSs or equity shares, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will
generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships owning ADSs or equity shares and partners
in such partnerships should consult their tax advisers as to the particular U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning and disposing
of ADSs or equity shares.

This discussion is based on the tax laws of the
United States including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the “Code”), proposed and final Treasury regulations,
revenue rulings, judicial decisions and the income tax treaty between the United States and India, or the “Treaty”, all as
of the date hereof, which may change, possibly with retroactive effect.

You are a “U.S. Holder” if, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, you are a beneficial owner of ADSs or equity shares and:

·   a citizen or individual resident of the United States;

·   a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state therein
or the District of Columbia; or

·   an estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source.

In general, if you own ADSs you will be treated
as the owner of the underlying equity shares represented by those ADSs for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, you will not
recognize gain or loss upon an exchange of ADSs for the underlying equity shares represented by those ADSs.

Please consult your tax adviser with regard to
the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to ADSs or equity shares in your particular circumstances, including the passive foreign
investment company (“PFIC”) rules described below, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local
or other taxing jurisdiction.

259

Table of Contents

Taxation of Dividends

Distributions you receive on ADSs or equity shares,
other than certain pro rata distributions of equity shares or rights to acquire equity shares to all holders of equity shares (including
holders of ADSs), will generally constitute foreign-source dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Subject to the PFIC rules
described below, the amount of the dividend you will be required to include in income will be based on the U.S. dollar value of the rupees
received, calculated by reference to the exchange rate in effect on the date the payment is received by the depositary (in the case of
ADSs) or by you (in the case of equity shares) regardless of whether the payment is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt.
If the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, you should not be required to recognize foreign currency gain or
loss in respect of the dividend income. You may have foreign currency gain or loss if the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars after
the date of receipt. If you realize gain or loss on a sale or other disposition of rupees, it will constitute U.S. source ordinary income
or loss. The amount of the dividend will not be eligible for a dividends-received deduction. Subject to applicable limitations and the PFIC discussion below, if you are a non-corporate U.S. Holder, dividends paid
to you may be taxable at the favorable rates applicable to long-term capital gains. If you are a non-corporate U.S. Holder, you should
consult your tax adviser to determine whether you are subject to any special rules that limit your ability to be taxed at these favorable
rates.

Dividend income will include any amounts withheld
in respect of Indian taxes and will be treated as non-U.S. source income. Indian income taxes withheld from cash dividends on the ADSs
or equity shares generally will be creditable against a U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, subject to applicable limitations
that vary depending upon your circumstances. The rules governing foreign tax credits are complex. For example, Treasury regulations provide
that, in the absence of an election to apply the benefits of an applicable income tax treaty, in order for non-U.S. income taxes to be
creditable the relevant non-U.S. income tax rules must be consistent with certain U.S. federal income tax principles, and we have not
determined whether the Indian income tax system meets these requirements. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service has released notices that
provide relief from certain of the provisions of the Treasury regulations described above for taxable years ending before the date that
a notice or other guidance withdrawing or modifying the temporary relief is issued (or any later date specified in such notice or other
guidance). In lieu of claiming a non-U.S. tax credit, U.S. Holders may elect to deduct non-U.S. taxes (including Indian taxes) in computing
their taxable income, subject to applicable limitations. An election to deduct non-U.S. taxes instead of claiming foreign tax
credits applies to all otherwise creditable non-U.S. taxes paid or accrued in the taxable year. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding
the creditability or deductibility of Indian taxes in their particular circumstances.

Taxation of Capital Gains

You will recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal
income tax purposes on the sale or exchange of ADSs or equity shares. The gain or loss will generally be U.S. source capital gain or loss,
and subject to the PFIC rules discussed below will be long-term capital gain or loss if you have owned such ADSs or equity shares for
more than one year. You should consult your tax adviser about the treatment of capital gains, which may be taxed at lower rates than ordinary
income for non-corporate taxpayers, and capital losses, the deductibility of which may be limited. The amount of the gain or loss will
equal the difference between your tax basis in the ADSs or equity shares disposed of and the amount realized on the disposition, in each
case as determined in U.S. dollars.

Under certain circumstances as described
above under “—
Indian Tax
 —
Taxation on sale of ADSs or Equity Shares
,” you may be subject to
Indian tax upon the disposition of ADSs or equity shares. Under the Code, any gain or loss on the sale or exchange of ADSs or equity
shares will generally be U.S. source. However, although the application of the Treaty in this respect is subject to uncertainty, it
is possible that under the

260

Table of Contents

Treaty your gains from dispositions of equity shares may be treated
as foreign source. In that case, you may be able to claim foreign tax credit in respect of any Indian income tax on this gain if you are
eligible for Treaty benefits and elect to apply them. If you are not eligible for Treaty benefits, or if your gain from a disposition
of equity shares is not treated as foreign source gain under the Treaty, Treasury regulations generally preclude you from claiming foreign
tax credit with respect to any Indian income tax on such gain. However, as noted above the IRS released notices that provide relief from
certain of the provisions of these Treasury regulations (including the limitation described in the preceding sentence) for taxable years
ending before the date that a notice or other guidance withdrawing or modifying the temporary relief is issued (or any later date specified
in such notice or other guidance). Even if the Treasury regulations do not preclude you from claiming foreign tax credit with respect
to any Indian income tax on any gain from dispositions of equity shares, other limitations may limit your ability to claim a foreign tax
credit with respect to such tax. It is possible that any Indian tax on disposition gains that is not credited against your U.S. federal
income tax liability may either be deductible or reduce the amount realized on a disposition. If the Indian tax is creditable, an election
to deduct it instead of claiming a foreign tax credit with respect thereto applies to all otherwise creditable non-U.S. taxes paid or accrued in the taxable
year. The rules governing foreign tax credits and deductibility of foreign taxes are complex. You should consult your tax adviser with
respect to your ability to credit any Indian income taxes on dispositions against your U.S. federal income tax liability, including the
uncertainty as to whether Indian taxes on dispositions are generally creditable under the Treaty, the requirement to report Treaty-based
return positions and the creditability or deductibility of the Indian tax on disposition gains in your particular circumstances (including
any applicable limitations).

Any Indian stamp duty or securities
transaction tax paid on the purchase or sale of equity shares will not be creditable against your U.S. federal income tax liability.
However, stamp duty or securities transaction tax may increase your tax basis in the equity shares if you are a buyer of the shares,
or reduce the amount of gain (or increase the amount of loss) you recognize on the sale or other disposition of the shares.

Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules

In general, a foreign corporation is a PFIC for any taxable year in which (i) 75.0% or more of its gross income consists of passive
income (such as dividends, interest, rents, royalties and investment gains) or (ii) 50.0% or more of the average value of its assets (generally
determined on a quarterly basis) consists of assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. There are certain
exceptions for active business income, including exceptions for certain income earned by foreign active banks and insurance companies.
Based upon certain proposed Treasury regulations (the “Active Banks Proposed Regulations”), which were proposed to be effective
for taxable years beginning after December 31, 1994, and under current guidance can be relied upon, we do not believe we were a PFIC for
our taxable year that ended March 31, 2026. Because there can be no assurance that the Active Banks Proposed Regulations will be finalized
in their current form (and the manner of their application is not entirely clear), because the rules applicable to active insurance companies
are subject to change (including under certain proposed Treasury regulations), and because the composition of our income and assets will
vary over time and our PFIC status for any taxable year will depend, in large part, on the extent to which our income and assets will
be considered active under the exceptions for active banks or insurance companies, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC
for any taxable year.

If we were a PFIC for any taxable year during
which you owned ADSs or equity shares, you may be subject to adverse tax consequences. Generally, gain recognized upon a disposition (including,
under certain circumstances, a pledge) of ADSs or equity shares by you would be allocated ratably over your holding period for such ADSs
or equity shares. The amounts allocated to the taxable year of disposition and to years before we became a PFIC would be taxed as ordinary
income. The amount allocated to each

261

Table of Contents

other taxable year would be subject to tax at the highest rate in effect
for that taxable year for individuals or corporations, as appropriate, and an interest charge would be imposed on the tax attributable
to the allocated amounts. Further, to the extent that distributions received by you on your ADSs or equity shares during a taxable year
exceed 125% of the average of the annual distributions on such ADSs or equity shares received during the preceding three taxable years
or your holding period, whichever is shorter, the excess distributions would be subject to taxation in the same manner as gain, as described
above in this paragraph.

If we were a PFIC for any taxable year
during which you owned ADSs or equity shares, we generally would continue to be treated as a PFIC with respect to such ADSs or
equity shares for all succeeding taxable years during which you owned the ADSs or equity shares, even if we ceased to meet the
threshold requirements for PFIC status unless we ceased to be a PFIC and a “deemed sale” election were made.

Alternatively, if we were a PFIC and if ADSs or
equity shares were “regularly traded” on a “qualified exchange,” you could make a mark-to-market election that
would result in tax treatment different from the general tax treatment for PFICs described above. ADSs or equity shares would be treated
as “regularly traded” in any calendar year in which more than a de minimis quantity of ADSs or equity shares, as the case
may be, were traded on a qualified exchange on at least 15 days during each calendar quarter. The New York Stock Exchange, on which our
ADSs are listed, is a qualified exchange for this purpose. A foreign exchange is a “qualified exchange” if it is regulated
by a governmental authority in the jurisdiction in which the exchange is located and with respect to which certain other requirements
are met.

If you make the mark-to-market election (assuming
the election is available), for any taxable year in which we are a PFIC you generally will recognize as ordinary income any excess of the fair market value of ADSs or equity shares
at the end of the taxable year over their adjusted tax basis, and will recognize an ordinary loss in respect of any excess of the adjusted
tax basis of ADSs or equity shares over their fair market value at the end of the taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount
of income previously included as a result of the mark-to-market election). If you make the election, your tax basis in ADSs or equity
shares will be adjusted to reflect these income or loss amounts. Any gain recognized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs or equity
shares in a year when we are a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss (but only to the
extent of the net amount of income previously included as a result of the mark-to-market election) and any excess loss will be a capital
loss.

In addition, if we were a PFIC or, with respect
to you, were treated as a PFIC for the taxable year in which we paid a dividend or for the prior taxable year, the favorable tax rates
with respect to dividends paid to certain non-corporate U.S. Holders, described above under “—
United States Federal Income
Tax
 —
Taxation of Dividends”
 would not apply.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which
you owned our ADSs or equity shares, you will generally be required to file IRS Form 8621 with your annual U.S. federal income tax returns,
subject to certain exceptions.

You should consult your tax adviser regarding
whether we are or were a PFIC and the potential application of the PFIC rules.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Payments of dividends and sales proceeds that
are made within the United States or through certain U.S.-related financial intermediaries generally are subject to information reporting
and to backup withholding, unless (i) you are an exempt recipient  and if required, you establish your exempt status, or (ii) in the case of backup withholding, you provide a correct taxpayer
identification number and certify that no loss of exemption from backup withholding

262

Table of Contents

has occurred. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to
you will be allowed as a credit against your U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle you to a refund, provided that the required
information is timely furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.

263

Table of Contents

PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Pursuant to the issuance and listing of our securities
in the United States under registration statements filed with the United States Securities Exchange Commission, we file annual reports
on this Form 20-F, which must include financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
(U.S. GAAP) or financial statements prepared according to a comprehensive body of accounting principles with a reconciliation of net income
and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP. Indian GAAP constitutes a comprehensive body of accounting principles and since fiscal 2006,
we have included in the annual report consolidated financial statements prepared according to Indian GAAP, which varies in certain respects
from U.S. GAAP. For a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP, a description of significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and certain additional information required under U.S. GAAP, see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated
financial statements herein.

The data for fiscal 2024 through fiscal 2026 have
been derived from our consolidated financial statements. The accounting and reporting policies used in the preparation of our financial
statements reflect general industry practices and conform with Indian GAAP including the Accounting Standards (“AS”) issued
by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the SEBI and the Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority as applicable to relevant companies. In the case of foreign subsidiaries, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
as applicable to the respective subsidiaries are followed.

Certain subsidiaries of the Bank, namely ICICI
Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited and ICICI Home Finance
Limited have adopted Ind AS, a revised set of accounting standards issued by The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (which largely
converges the Indian accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards). However, for preparation of consolidated
financial statements, these subsidiaries prepare financial statements as per Indian GAAP in accordance with accounting policies aligned
with the Bank. All the numbers reported/considered in this document for these subsidiaries are based on current Indian GAAP.

Under U.S. GAAP, the consolidation of ICICI’s
majority ownership interest in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is accounted for by the equity method, because of substantive
participative rights retained by the minority shareholders. Under Indian GAAP, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is consolidated
on a line-by-line basis.

During fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors of
the Bank approved the increase of the shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited (“ICICI General”) in
multiple tranches up to 4.0%, making ICICI General a subsidiary of the Bank. Following the receipt of the necessary regulatory

264

Table of Contents

approval(s), the Bank through a stock exchange mechanism acquired an
additional stake in ICICI General in multiple tranches, resulting in an increase in shareholding of more than 50.0%. Consequently, ICICI
General ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective February 29, 2024 in consolidated financial statements
under Indian GAAP as well as under U.S. GAAP.

I-Process Services (India) Limited ceased to be
an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective March 22, 2024 in consolidated financial statements under Indian
GAAP as well as under U.S. GAAP.

During fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors of
the Bank approved the draft scheme of arrangement for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities Limited (the “Delisting Scheme”).
As per the Delisting Scheme, ICICI Securities Limited was delisted from stock exchanges on March 24, 2025 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Bank in consolidated financial statements under Indian GAAP as well as under U.S. GAAP.

During fiscal 2026, the Bank executed a share
purchase agreement with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. Consequently, on January 12, 2026, the Bank holds 100.0% shareholding
in ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited and it became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank.

During fiscal 2026, ICICI Strategic Investments
Fund redeemed all its unit capital. Consequently, it ceased to be consolidated as per Accounting Standard 21 effective March 25, 2026.
Although we have translated in this annual report certain rupee amounts into dollars for convenience, this does not mean that the rupee
amounts referred to could have been, or could be, converted into dollars at any particular rate, the rates stated earlier in this annual
report, or at all. Except in the section on “Market Price Information”, all translations from rupees to U.S. dollars are based
on the exchange rate as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board on March 31, 2026.

265

Table of Contents

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Memorandum and Articles of Association

Objects and Purposes

Pursuant to Clause III.A.1 of ICICI Bank’s
Memorandum of Association, ICICI Bank’s main objective is to, among other things, carry on the business of banking in any part of
India or outside India.

Provisions Relating to Directors

Certain provisions of our Articles of Association
relating to directors are set forth as follows:

·   Article 128 of the Articles of Association provides that no director shall be required to hold any qualification shares of the Company.

·   Article 135 of the Articles of Association provides that no director of ICICI Bank shall, as a director, take any part in the discussion
of or vote on any contract or arrangement if such director is directly or indirectly concerned or interested in such contract or arrangement.

·   Article 137 of the Articles of Association provides that at every Annual General Meeting of the Company, one third of such Directors
for the time being as are liable to retire by rotation or if their number is neither three nor a multiple of three, then the number nearest
to one-third, shall retire from office. The Debenture Directors, the Government Directors and the other non-rotational Directors shall
not be subject to retirement under the Articles of Association.

·   Article 138 of the Articles of Association provides that the directors to retire by rotation at every Annual General Meeting shall
be those who have been longest in office since their last appointment, but as between persons who became Directors on the same day, those
who are to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined by lot. There is no provision under the Articles
of Association requiring the mandatory retirement of directors at a specified age. Pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a
person is eligible for appointment as non-executive director, if he or she is between 35 and 75 years of age. After attaining the age
of 75 years, no person can continue in this position. Further, pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, no person can continue
as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer or Whole-time Director beyond the age of 70 years. Within the overall limit of 70 years,
individual Bank's Boards are free to prescribe a lower retirement age for the Whole-time Directors, including the Managing Director and
Chief Executive Officer.

Directors have no powers to vote in absence of
a quorum.

·   Article 79 of the Articles of Association provides that the directors may by a resolution passed at a meeting of the Board, borrow
moneys and raise and secure the payment of amounts in a manner and upon such terms and conditions in all respects as they think fit and
in particular by the issue of bonds, redeemable debentures or debenture stock, or any mortgage or charge or other security on the undertaking
or the whole or any part of the property of ICICI Bank (both present and future) including our uncalled capital.

266

Table of Contents

Amendment to Rights of Holders of Equity Shares

Any change to the existing rights of the equity
holders can be made only by amending the Articles of Association which would require a special resolution of the shareholders, passed
by not less than three times the number of votes cast against the resolution.

General Meetings of Shareholders

We are required to convene our annual general
meeting within a period of five months from the date of closing of the financial year. The Board may convene an extraordinary general
meeting when necessary or at the request of a shareholder or shareholders holding at least 10% of our paid-up capital carrying voting
rights. A general meeting of a company may be called by giving not less than clear
21 days
’
notice in the manner prescribed under the applicable laws/regulations.

Change in Control Provisions

Article 56 of the Articles of Association provides
that the Board of Directors may at its discretion decline to register or acknowledge any transfer of any securities in respect of securities
upon which we have a lien or while any money in respect of the securities desired to be transferred on any of them remain unpaid. Moreover,
the Board of Directors may refuse to register the transfer of, or the transmission by operation of law of the right to or interest in
the any securities if the total nominal value of any securities intended to be transferred by any person would, together with the total
nominal value of any securities held in ICICI Bank, exceed 1% of the paid-up equity share capital of ICICI Bank or if the Board of Directors
is satisfied that as a result of such transfer, it would result in the change in the Board of Directors or change in the controlling interest
of ICICI Bank and that such change would be prejudicial to the interests of ICICI Bank. However, under the Indian Companies Act, the enforceability
of such transfer restrictions is unclear.

Documents on Display

The documents concerning us which are referred
to herein may be inspected at the SEC. You may read and copy any document filed or furnished by us at the SEC’s public reference
rooms in Washington D.C., New York and Chicago, Illinois or obtain them by mail upon payment of prescribed rates. Please call the SEC
at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov, which contains, in electronic form, each of
the reports and other information that we have filed electronically with the SEC. Information about ICICI Bank is also available on the
web at www.icici.bank.in.

Annual Report to Security Holders

We intend to submit annual report provided to security
holders in electronic format as an exhibit to a current report on Form 6-K.

267

Table of Contents

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No.   Description
    of Document
1.1   ICICI
    Bank Memorandum of Association, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on
    Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2020 filed on July 31, 2020).
1.2   ICICI
    Bank Articles of Association, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on
    Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2020 filed on July 31, 2020).
2.1   Deposit
    Agreement among ICICI Bank, Deutsche Bank and the holders from time to time of American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder (including
    as an exhibit, the form of American Depositary Receipt) (incorporated herein by reference to ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement
    on Form F-1 (File No. 333-30132)*).
2.2   Letter
    Agreements dated February 19, 2002 and April 1, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to ICICI Bank’s Annual
    Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2002 filed on September 30, 2002), Letter Agreement dated March 8, 2005 (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement on Form F-3 (File No. 333-121664)) and Letter Agreement
    dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended
    March 31, 2012 filed on July 31, 2012) amending and supplementing the Deposit Agreement.
2.3   Letter
    Agreement dated June 2, 2016, supplementing the Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3
    to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2016 filed on August 1, 2016).
2.4   Letter
    Agreement dated October 31, 2017, amending and supplementing the Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated herein by
    reference to Exhibit 2.4 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2018 filed on July 31, 2018).
2.5   Amendment
    No.1 to the Deposit Agreement originally dated March 31, 2020 and as amended and supplemented from time to time (incorporated herein
    by reference to Exhibit a(ii) to ICICI Bank's Registration Statement on Form F-6 filed on July 1, 2024).
2.6   Amendment No.2 to the Deposit Agreement originally dated March 31, 2020 and as amended and supplemented from time to time (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit(a)(iii) to ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement on Form F-6 filed on December 19, 2025).
2.7   ICICI
    Bank’s Share Certificate Specimen.
2.8   Description
    of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
4.1   ICICI Bank Employees Stock Option Scheme - 2000, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2019 filed on July 31, 2019).
4.2   ICICI
    Bank Employees Stock Unit Scheme – 2022.
8.1   List of Subsidiaries (included under “Business–Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures” herein).
11.1   Code
    of Business Conduct and Ethics, as amended.
11.2   ICICI
    Bank Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading.
12.1   Certification
    of the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
12.2   Certification
    of the Group Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
13.1   Certification
    of periodic financial report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as mandated by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
97.1   ICICI
    Bank Compensation Policy

268

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report
on our behalf.

For ICICI BANK LIMITED
By:   /s/ Anindya Banerjee
Name:	Anindya Banerjee
Title:	Group Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 20, 2026

269

Table of Contents

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2026

and March 31, 2025 together

with Auditors’ Reports

Table of Contents

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

Contents   Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Consolidated balance sheet   F-9
Consolidated profit and loss account   F-10
Consolidated cash flow statement   F-11
Schedules to the consolidated financial statements   F-13

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors

ICICI Bank Limited:

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries (the Company) as of March 31, 2026 and 2025, the related consolidated profit and
loss accounts and consolidated cash flow statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2026, and the related
notes and financial statement schedules 1 to 18B (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2026 and 2025, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2026, in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in India.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
as of March 31, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated July 20, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

Differences from U.S. Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles

Accounting principles generally accepted in India
vary in certain significant respects from U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Information relating to the nature and effect
of such differences is presented in Note 21 of Schedule 18B to the consolidated financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

F-
2

Table of Contents

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements; and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Allowance for Credit Losses

As discussed in Note 7 of Schedule 18B to the
consolidated financial statements, the Company’s allowance for credit losses under generally accepted accounting principles in India
(Indian GAAP) was Rs. 173,963.3 million as at March 31, 2026 (the March 31, 2026 Indian GAAP ACL). As discussed in Note 21 of Schedule
18B to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s allowance for credit losses included in the reconciliation of stockholders’
equity from Indian GAAP to U.S. GAAP as of March 31, 2026 was Rs. (20,191.7) million which included allowance for credit losses on loans
evaluated on a collective basis (the March 31, 2026 collective ACL) and allowance for credit losses on loans evaluated on an individual
basis (the March 31, 2026 individual ACL). The March 31, 2026, Indian GAAP ACL, the March 31, 2026, collective ACL and the March 31, 2026,
individual ACL are collectively referred to hereinafter as ‘total ACL’.

The March 31, 2026, collective ACL includes the
measure of expected credit losses on a collective (pooled) basis for those loans that share similar risk characteristics. The Company
estimated the March 31, 2026, collective ACL using a current expected credit losses methodology which is based on relevant information
about historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the loan balances.
The quantitative calculation of expected credit losses is the product of multiplying the Company’s estimates of probability of default
(PD), loss given default (LGD), and individual loan level exposure at default (EAD). For the quantitative calculation, the Company uses
models to develop the PD and LGD, which are derived from internal historical default and loss experience, that incorporate the relevant
macro-economic scenario over reasonable and supportable forecast period. Further, the probability of default for subsequent periods reverts
to the long run historical information. All such periods are established for each portfolio segment. The Company estimates the EAD using
a model which estimates prepayments over the life of the loans. In order to capture the unique risks of the loan portfolio within the
PD, LGD, and EAD models, the Company segments the portfolio into pools, incorporating certain criteria including, but not limited to customer
type, risk rating and delinquency status for commercial loans and product type, delinquency status, credit scores and months on book for
non-commercial loans. The Company has developed internal models to assign credit risk ratings to borrowers, which are used for the segmentation
of commercial loans. The model output for the collective ACL is adjusted by increasing the probability of default estimates to take into
consideration model imprecision not yet reflected in the calculation. Judgment is applied in making this adjustment, including taking
into account uncertainties associated with the economic conditions, product or portfolio, as well as other relevant internal and external
factors affecting the credit quality of the portfolio.

We identified the assessment of collective ACL
as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor
judgment was involved in the assessment of collective ACL due to significant measurement uncertainty. The assessment as of the March 31,
2026, of collective ACL encompassed the evaluation of the collective ACL methodology, including the methods and models used to estimate
the PD and LGD and their significant assumptions. Such significant assumptions included portfolio segmentation, expected recoveries, the
relevant macro-

F-
3

Table of Contents

economic scenario, the reasonable and supportable
forecast periods, the historical observation period, and credit risk ratings for commercial loans .

The assessment also included the evaluation of
the qualitative factors and their significant assumptions, including selection of relevant macroeconomic variables and consideration of
uncertain global economic conditions such as elevated geopolitical risks along with the attendant volatility in oil and commodity prices,
expected uneven distribution of monsoon in India due to the effect of El Nino, geo-economic fragmentation, moderation expected in global
as well as Indian growth, rising inflationary pressures, moderation in information technology (IT) services growth and artificial intelligence
(AI) developments. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD, LGD and commercial
loan credit risk rating models.

The following are the primary procedures we performed
to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related
to Company’s measurement of the collective ACL estimates, including controls over the:

-   review of the collective ACL methodology

-   review of the PD, LGD and commercial loan credit risk rating.

-   identification and determination of the significant assumptions used in the PD, LGD, commercial loan credit
risk rating models

-   determination of the key assumptions and inputs used to estimate the quantitative and qualitative calculation
of the collective ACL, including selection of relevant macroeconomic variables and consideration of uncertain global economic conditions
such as elevated geopolitical risks along with the attendant volatility in oil and commodity prices, expected uneven distribution of monsoon
in India due to the effect of El Nino, geo-economic fragmentation, moderation expected in global as well as Indian growth, rising inflationary
pressures, moderation in IT services growth and AI developments

-   validation of the PD, LGD and commercial loan credit risk rating model for the collective ACL

We evaluated the Company’s development of
the collective ACL estimates by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used and considered the relevance
and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and
knowledge, who assisted in:

-   evaluating the collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles

-   evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the development and performance monitoring testing
of the PD and LGD models by comparing them to relevant Company specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory
practices

-   assessing the conceptual soundness and performance testing of the PD, LGD and commercial loan credit risk
rating models by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use

-   evaluating the methodology used to develop and incorporate the relevant macro-economic scenario over the
reasonable and supportable forecast periods and underlying assumptions by comparing it to the Company’s business environment and
relevant industry practices

-   assessing the macro-economic variables through benchmarking to publicly available forecasts, where available

-   evaluating the length of the historical observation period and reasonable and supportable forecast periods
to evaluate the length of each period by comparing them to specific portfolio risk characteristics and trends

F-
4

Table of Contents

-   determining whether the loan portfolio is segmented by similar risk characteristics by comparing to the
Company’s business environment and relevant industry practices

-   testing the methodology used for estimation of individual credit risk ratings for commercial loans by
performing quantitative validation of credit rating models used to assign the credit risk ratings.

-   evaluating the methodology used to develop the qualitative factors, including consideration of uncertain
global economic conditions such as elevated geopolitical risks along with the attendant volatility in oil and commodity prices, expected
uneven distribution of monsoon in India due to the effect of El Nino, geo-economic fragmentation, moderation expected in global as well
as Indian growth, rising inflationary pressures, moderation in IT services growth and AI developments and the effect of those factors
on the collective ACL compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with credit trends and identified limitations of the
underlying quantitative calculations.

Liabilities in respect to life insurance
policies

As given in the consolidated financial statements,
liabilities for life insurance non-linked policies in force of Rs. 1,415,509.5 million is included in the Policyholders’ funds Rs.
2,964,990.7 million.

The liabilities in respect of life insurance non-linked
policies in force under Indian GAAP are estimated in accordance with accepted actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance Act, 1938,
as amended from time to time, regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) and relevant
Guidance Notes / Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The actuarial liability for both participating and
non-participating non-linked policies is primarily calculated by the Company using the gross premium valuation (GPV) method. This method
incorporates assumptions for interest rates, mortality, morbidity, persistency and expenses. These assumptions are updated as of the valuation
date and represent prudent estimates, including margins to accommodate potential adverse deviations.

We identified the assessment of liabilities for
life insurance non-linked policies in force under Indian GAAP to be a critical audit matter since it involves a high degree of audit effort,
including subjective and complex auditor judgment in evaluating management’s estimate, and use of actuarial professionals with specialized
skill and knowledge to assist in performing procedures and evaluating the estimate of such liabilities. Specifically, there is significant
judgement in determination of assumptions for life insurance non-linked policies in force under Indian GAAP.

The following are the primary procedures we performed
to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related
to Company’s measurement of liabilities for life insurance policies in force under Indian GAAP including controls over the valuation
process and underlying data which included assessment and approval of the methods and assumptions adopted over such measurements as well
as appropriate access and change management controls over the actuarial models. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills
and knowledge who assisted in:

-   assessing the methodology for selecting assumptions by comparing the methodology used against industry
standard actuarial practice,

-   assessing the methodology for calculating the liabilities by reference to the requirements of the industry
standard actuarial practice and assessing the impact of current year changes in methodology on the calculation of policyholder liabilities,

F-
5

Table of Contents

-   evaluating the analysis of the movements in liabilities during the year, including consideration of whether
the movements were in line with the methodology and assumptions adopted,

-   evaluating judgments applied by management in setting assumptions, and

-   independently re-calculating the liabilities for a selection of individual policies for select products
to assess whether the selected model calibration had been appropriately implemented.

We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 1999.

/s/ KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP

Mumbai, Maharashtra, India

July 20, 2026

F-
6

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors

ICICI Bank Limited:

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting

We have audited ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries’
(the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control –
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2026, based on criteria established
in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of March 31,
2026 and 2025, the related consolidated profit and loss accounts and consolidated cash flow statements for each of the years in the three-year
period ended March 31, 2026, and the related notes and financial statement schedules 1 to 18B (collectively, the consolidated financial
statements), and our report dated July 20, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only

F-
7

Table of Contents

in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP

Mumbai
,
Maharashtra, India

July 20, 2026

F-
8

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated Balance Sheet

(Rs. in thousands)
At
Schedule   March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
CAPITAL AND LIABILITIES
Capital   1   14,322,344   14,245,974
Employees stock options/units outstanding   1A   26,820,675   20,698,433
Reserves and surplus   2   3,589,461,138   3,104,114,654
Minority interest   2A   165,109,619   148,367,361
Deposits   3   18,300,201,210   16,416,374,040
Borrowings   4   2,202,642,771   2,188,834,453
Policyholders’ funds   2,964,990,702   2,943,055,571
Other liabilities and provisions   5   1,881,431,261   1,586,723,648
TOTAL CAPITAL AND LIABILITIES   29,144,979,720   26,422,414,134
ASSETS
Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India   6   1,212,371,937   1,202,409,132
Balances with banks and money at call and short notice   7   1,437,435,296   937,825,505
Investments   8   8,707,198,823   8,863,768,108
Advances   9   16,446,579,678   14,206,637,124
Fixed assets   10   174,203,410   158,124,234
Other assets   11   1,061,690,036   969,055,719
Goodwill on consolidation   105,500,540   84,594,312
TOTAL ASSETS   29,144,979,720   26,422,414,134
Contingent liabilities   12   63,867,022,339   78,850,007,864
Bills for collection   1,594,079,092   1,313,614,604
Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts   17 & 18

The Schedules referred to above form an integral
part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

F-
9

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated Profit and Loss Account

(Rs. in thousands, except per share data)
Year ended
Schedule   March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I.    INCOME
Interest earned   13   1,952,184,591   1,863,314,641   1,595,159,252
Other income   14   1,168,999,002   1,082,554,702   765,218,020
TOTAL INCOME   3,121,183,593   2,945,869,343   2,360,377,272
II.    EXPENDITURE
Interest expended   15   890,285,812   890,276,529   741,081,627
Operating expenses   16   1,403,936,173   1,277,999,771   977,827,922
Provisions and contingencies (refer note 18.6)   250,227,667   233,405,909   191,400,276
TOTAL EXPENDITURE   2,544,449,652   2,401,682,209   1,910,309,825
III.   PROFIT/(LOSS)
Net profit for the year (before share in profit of associates and minority interest)   576,733,941   544,187,134   450,067,447
Add: Share of profit in associates   2,628,566   1,506,622   10,737,680
Net profit for the year before deducting minority interest   579,362,507   545,693,756   460,805,127
Less: Minority interest   37,285,479   35,401,801   18,241,392
Consolidated profit/(loss) for the year attributable to the Group   542,077,028   510,291,955   442,563,735
Brought forward consolidated profit attributable to the Group   1,183,850,670   898,257,800   656,386,769
TOTAL PROFIT/(LOSS)   1,725,927,698   1,408,549,755   1,098,950,504
IV.  APPROPRIATIONS/TRANSFERS
Transfer to Statutory Reserve   125,367,000   118,068,000   102,221,000
Transfer to Capital Reserve   3,036,999   68,700   332,500
Transfer to/(from) Investment Fluctuation Reserve   ..   2,586,100   9,927,900
Transfer to Special Reserve   34,725,000   32,490,000   31,353,000
Transfer to/(from) Revenue and Other Reserves   1,382,560   1,073,620   872,340
Dividend paid during the year   78,531,534   70,412,665   55,985,964
Balance carried over to balance sheet   1,482,884,605   1,183,850,670   898,257,800
TOTAL   1,725,927,698   1,408,549,755   1,098,950,504
Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts   17 & 18
Earnings per share (refer note 18.1)
Basic (Rs.)   75.89   72.41   63.19
Diluted (Rs.)   74.77   71.14   61.96
Face value per share (Rs.)   2.00   2.00   2.00

The Schedules referred to above form an integral
part of the Consolidated Profit and Loss Account.

F-
10

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
Cash flow from/(used in) operating activities
Profit/(loss) before taxes   735,916,383   694,640,235   596,839,961
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation   31,226,502   26,903,750   19,958,856
Net (appreciation)/depreciation on investments   2,903,439   (1,023,190   )   16,172,037
Specific provision for non-performing loans, restructured and standard loans   62,768,188   41,272,474   9,635,716
General provision for standard assets   8,355,345   7,011,427   11,658,491
Provision for contingencies & others   (8,675,607   )   (7,227,370   )   8,780,202
(Profit)/loss on sale of fixed assets and other assets   (2,886,200   )   (439,077   )   (144,093   )
Employees stock options/units expense   9,687,013   7,901,495   7,029,081
(i)   839,295,063   769,039,744   669,930,251
Adjustments for:
(Increase)/decrease in investments   60,753,099   75,014,144   167,355,354
(Increase)/decrease in advances   (2,302,710,742   )   (1,640,197,486   )   (1,782,646,848   )
Increase/(decrease) in deposits   1,883,800,653   1,980,574,515   2,329,930,107
(Increase)/decrease in other assets   (134,938,285   )   (5,176,415   )   18,818,794
Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities and provisions 1   492,533,925   229,962,676   302,893,172
(ii)   (561,350   )   640,177,434   1,036,350,579
Refund/(payment) of direct taxes   (iii)   (165,479,524   )   (181,164,596   )   (133,436,047   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) operating activities ((i)+(ii)+(iii))   (A)   673,254,189   1,228,052,582   1,572,844,783
Cash flow from/(used in) investing activities
Purchase of fixed assets   (37,299,949   )   (47,700,055   )   (36,785,464   )
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets   1,829,389   646,115   698,893
(Purchase)/sale of held to maturity securities   (94,665,319   )   (725,829,665   )   (1,423,224,353   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) investing activities   (B)   (130,135,879   )   (772,883,605   )   (1,459,310,924   )
Cash flow from/(used in) financing activities
Proceeds from issue of share capital (including ESOPs/ESUSs)   13,606,496   14,375,199   11,708,675
Proceeds from long-term borrowings   481,787,715   404,464,948   391,968,191
Repayment of long-term borrowings   (501,532,043   )   (399,331,062   )   (391,468,771   )
Net proceeds/(repayment) of short-term borrowings   38,063,900   106,795,922   181,423,005
Dividend paid   (78,531,534   )   (70,412,665   )   (55,985,964   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) financing activities   (C)   (46,605,466   )   55,892,342   137,645,136
Effect of exchange fluctuation on translation reserve   (D)   13,059,752   1,484,292   4,234,435

F-
11

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
(Continued)

(Rs. in thousands)

Year ended
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A) + (B) + (C) + (D)   509,572,596   512,545,611   255,413,430
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year   2,140,234,637   1,627,689,026   1,364,564,928
Add: Addition of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Limited as a subsidiary in consolidation during the year   ..   ..   7,710,668
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year   2,649,807,233   2,140,234,637   1,627,689,026

1.   Including adjustments for increase/(decrease) in Policyholders’ funds.

2.   Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, foreign currency notes, rupee digital
currency, balances with RBI, balances with other banks and money at call and short notice.

F-
12

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet

SCHEDULE 1 - CAPITAL

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
Authorised capital
12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each ( March 31, 2025 : 12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each)   25,000,000   25,000,000
Equity share capital Issued,
subscribed and paid-up capital
7,121,927,830 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2025: 7,022,335,643 equity shares)   14,243,855   14,044,671
Add: 38,184,739 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2025: 99,592,187 equity shares) issued during the year 1   76,370   199,184
14,320,225   14,243,855
Add: Forfeited equity shares 2   2,119   2,119
TOTAL CAPITAL   14,322,344   14,245,974

1.   Additions for FY2025 include Rs. 112.0 million
on account of issuance of 56,008,117 equity shares by the Bank to the shareholders of ICICI Securities Limited in accordance with the
Scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Securities Limited and their respective shareholders for delisting of ICICI
Securities Limited.

2.   On account of forfeiture of 266,089 equity shares
of Rs. 10 each.

SCHEDULE 1A – EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTIONS/UNITS OUTSTANDING

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
Opening Balance   20,698,433   14,053,180
Additions during the year 1,2   9,687,013   8,866,163
Deductions during the year 3   (3,564,771   )   (2,220,910   )
CLOSING BALANCE   26,820,675   20,698,433

1.   Represents cost of employee stock options/units
of the Bank recognised during the year.

2.   Additions for FY2025 include Rs. 964.7 million
towards creation of ESOP reserve by the Bank for the options/units granted to employees of ICICI Securities Limited in accordance with
the Scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Securities Limited and their respective shareholders for delisting of ICICI
Securities Limited.

3.   Represents amount transferred to securities premium
on account of exercise of employee stock options/units and to general reserve on lapses of employee stock options/units.

F-
13

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet

SCHEDULE
2 - RESERVES AND SURPLUS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
I.         Statutory reserve
Opening balance   656,067,519   537,999,519
Additions during the year   125,367,000   118,068,000
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   781,434,519   656,067,519
II. Special reserve 1
Opening balance   224,075,000   191,585,000
Additions during the year   34,725,000   32,490,000
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   258,800,000   224,075,000
III.       Securities premium
Opening balance   606,132,791   519,436,438
Additions during the year 2,3   17,075,850   86,696,353
Deductions during the year   (168,090   )   ..
Closing balance   623,040,551   606,132,791
IV.       AFS reserve
Opening balance   22,200,393   (313,803   )
Impact of transition 4   ..   20,583,089
Additions during the year   ..   1,931,107
Deductions during the year 5   (11,900,422   )   ..
Closing balance   10,299,971   22,200,393
V. Investment fluctuation reserve 6
Opening balance   34,272,809   31,686,709
Additions during the year   ..   2,586,100
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   34,272,809   34,272,809
VI.      Capital reserve
Opening balance   151,257,407   151,353,548
Additions during the year 5,7   8,634,888   68,700
Deductions during the year   ..   (164,841   )
Closing balance   159,892,295   151,257,407
VII.    Capital redemption reserve
Opening balance   3,500,000   3,500,000
Additions during the year   ..   ..
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   3,500,000   3,500,000

F-
14

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
VIII.      Foreign currency translation reserve
Opening balance   21,313,221   19,828,929
Additions during the year   13,059,751   1,850,113
Deductions during the year   ..   (365,821   )
Closing balance   34,372,972   21,313,221
IX. Revaluation reserve
Opening balance   37,795,163   31,112,741
Additions during the year 8   2,818,276   7,828,466
Deductions during the year 9   (1,163,065   )   (1,146,044   )
Closing balance   39,450,374   37,795,163
X.           Revenue and other reserves
Opening balance   163,649,681   148,891,495
Additions during the year 4,10   5,982,779   20,190,304
Deductions during the year   (7,810,905   )   (5,432,118   )
Closing balance 11,12   161,821,555   163,649,681
XI.          Balance in profit and loss account
Balance carried over to balance sheet   1,482,884,605   1,183,850,670
Adjustments 13   (308,513   )   ..
Closing balance   1,482,576,092   1,183,850,670
TOTAL RESERVES AND SURPLUS   3,589,461,138   3,104,114,654

1.   Represents amount transferred to Special Reserve as per Section 36(1)(viii) of the
Income-tax Act, 1961 by the Bank.

2.   Includes Rs. 17,075.8 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 16,499.7 million) on account
of exercise of employee stock options/units.

3.   Additions for FY2025 include Rs. 68,876.0 million on account of issuance of equity
shares to the shareholders of ICICI Securities Limited in accordance with the Scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI
Securities Limited and their respective shareholders for delisting of ICICI Securities Limited.

4.   In accordance with Master Direction issued by RBI on Classification, Valuation and
Operation of investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks, Directions 2023, applicable from April 1, 2024, during FY2025, the Group has accounted
net transition gain of Rs. 20,583.1 million (net of tax) and Rs. 14,082.9 million (net of tax and minority interest) in AFS reserve and
General reserve respectively.

5.   Includes transfer from AFS reserve to Capital reserve of Rs. 6,035.4 million on
sale of equity AFS investment as per the RBI guideline on Classification, Valuation and Operation of investment Portfolio of Commercial
Banks (Directions), 2023.

6.   Represents amount transferred by the Bank to Investment Fluctuation Reserve (IFR)
on net profit on sale of AFS and FVTPL (including HFT) investments during the year. The amount not less than the lower of net profit on
sale of AFS, FVTPL (including HFT) category investments during the year or net profit for the year less mandatory appropriations is required
to be transferred to IFR, until the amount of IFR is at least 2% of the AFS and FVTPL (including HFT) portfolio.

7.   Includes appropriations made by the Bank for profit on sale of HTM investments,
investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates and profit on sale of land and buildings, net of taxes and transfer to statutory
reserve.

8.   Represents gain on revaluation of premises carried out by the Bank, ICICI Home Finance
Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited.

9.   Includes amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account
of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation and revaluation surplus on premises sold. Also includes the amount of loss on revaluation
of certain assets which were held for sale.

10.   Includes amount transferred from employee stock options/units outstanding to general
reserve on lapses of employee stock options/units.

11.   Includes Rs. 4,437.3 million towards fair value change account of insurance subsidiaries
(March 31, 2025: Rs. 3,169.3 million).

12.   Includes unrealised profit/(loss) pertaining to the investments of venture capital
funds.

13.   Represents movement on account of deconsolidation and change in ownership interest
in consolidating entities.

F-
15

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet

SCHEDULE 2A - MINORITY INTEREST

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
Opening minority interest   148,367,361   138,884,162
Subsequent increase/(decrease) during the year 1   16,742,258   9,483,199
CLOSING MINORITY INTEREST   165,109,619   148,367,361

1.   At March 31, 2025, includes reversal of the minority interest relating to ICICI Securities Limited amounting
to Rs. 13,495.5 million on becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary.

SCHEDULE 3 – DEPOSITS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
A. I.  Demand
    deposits
i) From banks   43,203,220   56,975,019
ii) From others   2,673,831,190   2,318,588,072
II.  Savings bank deposits   4,794,461,990   4,442,542,504
III. Term deposits
i) From banks   117,630,612   191,795,037
ii) From others   10,671,074,198   9,406,473,408
TOTAL DEPOSITS   18,300,201,210   16,416,374,040
B. I.    Deposits
    of branches in India   17,633,668,829   15,897,492,345
II.  Deposits of branches/subsidiaries outside India   666,532,381   518,881,695
TOTAL DEPOSITS 1   18,300,201,210   16,416,374,040

1.   Includes deposits amounting to Rs. 1,185,005.5 million against which lien is marked
by the Group in the ordinary course of business (March 31, 2025: Rs. 966,853.0 million).

SCHEDULE 4 - BORROWINGS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
I.  Borrowings In India
i) Reserve Bank of India 1   68,481,200   107,760,800
ii) Other banks   111,819,217   164,767,032
iii) Financial institutions 2   610,440,564   645,482,486
iv) Borrowings in the form of

a) Deposits 3   57,988,161   44,576,176
b )
    Commercial paper   245,182,915   226,221,340

F-
16

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
c) Bonds and debentures (excluding subordinated debt)   519,566,236   514,322,000
v)  Capital instruments
a) Innovative Perpetual Debt
    Instruments (IPDI) (qualifying as additional Tier 1 capital)   ..   ..
b)
    Unsecured redeemable debentures/bonds (subordinated debt included in Tier 2 capital)   89,319,332   56,102,038
TOTAL BORROWINGS IN INDIA   1,702,797,625   1,759,231,872
II.	Borrowings outside India
i) Capital instruments
Unsecured redeemable debentures/bonds (subordinated debt included in Tier 2 capital)   4,762,302   4,284,358
ii) Bonds and notes   47,395,533   115,344,418
iii) Other borrowings   447,687,311   309,973,805
TOTAL BORROWINGS OUTSIDE INDIA   499,845,146   429,602,581
TOTAL BORROWINGS   2,202,642,771   2,188,834,453

1. Represents borrowings made by the Group under Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF). 2. Includes borrowings made by the Group under repo and refinance. 3. Represents deposits accepted by ICICI Home Finance Company Limited. 4. Secured borrowings in I and II above amounting to Rs. 306,031.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 278,123.4 million) other than the
borrowings under collateralised borrowing and lending obligation, market repurchase transactions (including tri-party repo) with banks
and financial institutions and transactions under liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility.

SCHEDULE 5 - OTHER LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
I.   Bills payable   98,776,780   89,702,015
II.   Inter-office adjustments (net)   31,711   812,972
III.   Interest accrued   42,051,238   42,154,332
IV.   Sundry creditors   652,998,061   619,264,081
V.   General provision for standard assets   77,479,226   68,748,943
VI.   Unrealised
                                            loss on foreign exchange and derivative contracts 1   252,307,101   185,821,678
VII.   Others (including provisions) 2,3,4   757,787,144   580,219,627
TOTAL OTHER LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS   1,881,431,261   1,586,723,648

1.   Gross unrealised gain on foreign exchange and derivative contracts is disclosed
under Schedule 11 - Other assets.

2.   Includes contingency provision of the Bank amounting to Rs. 131,000.0 million (March
31, 2025: Rs. 131,000.0 million) and specific provision for standard loans amounting to Rs. 17,273.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 7,684.6
million) of the Bank.

3.   Includes provision for tax (net of tax paid in advance and tax deducted at source)
amounting to ₹ 12,463.8 million at March 31, 2026.

4.   During FY2026, following its annual supervisory review, Reserve Bank of India has
directed the Bank to make a standard asset provision of Rs. 12,830.0 million in respect of a portfolio of agricultural priority sector
credit facilities wherein the terms of the facilities were found to be not fully compliant with the regulatory requirements for classification
as agricultural priority sector lending. There is no change in asset classification or in the terms and conditions applicable to the borrowers
or in the repayment behaviour of borrowers as per these terms. This additional standard asset provision will continue until the loans
are repaid or renewed in conformity with the Priority sector classification guidelines.

F-
17

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet

SCHEDULE 6 - CASH AND BALANCES WITH
RESERVE BANK OF INDIA

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
I. Cash
    in hand (including foreign currency notes)   55,484,549   64,936,822
II. Balances
    with Reserve Bank of India
a) In current account   513,407,388   627,042,310
b) In other accounts 1   643,480,000   510,430,000
TOTAL CASH AND BALANCES WITH RESERVE BANK OF INDIA   1,212,371,937   1,202,409,132

1.   Represents lending made by the Group under Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) and Standing Deposit Facility
(SDF).

SCHEDULE 7 - BALANCES WITH BANKS AND MONEY AT CALL AND
SHORT NOTICE

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
I.  In India
i) Balances with banks
a) In current accounts   4,729,276   2,887,060
b) In other deposit accounts   248,069,862   161,549,141
ii) Money at call and short notice
a) With banks   ..   17,095,000
b) With other institutions 1   310,213,770   72,514,528
TOTAL   563,012,908   254,045,729
II. Outside India
i) In current accounts   575,039,034   452,527,779
ii) In other deposit accounts   87,184,892   147,811,898
iii) Money at call and short notice   212,198,462   83,440,099
TOTAL   874,422,388   683,779,776
TOTAL BALANCES WITH BANKS AND MONEY AT CALL AND SHORT NOTICE   1,437,435,296   937,825,505

1.   Includes lending made by the Group under reverse repo.

SCHEDULE 8 - INVESTMENTS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
I.  Investments in India [net of provisions]
i)    Government securities   5,105,021,183   5,345,834,889
ii)   Other approved securities   ..   ..
iii)  Shares (includes equity and preference shares)   274,710,746   274,995,209
iv)  Debentures and bonds (including commercial paper and certificate of deposits)   1,396,147,473   1,256,211,776
v)  Assets held to cover linked liabilities of life insurance business   1,510,296,269   1,612,399,043
vi) Investment in associates 1   26,490,513   22,650,041

F-
18

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
vii) Others (mutual fund units, pass through certificates, security receipts and other related investments)   199,982,718   211,056,685
TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN INDIA   8,512,648,902   8,723,147,643
II. Investments outside India [net of provisions]
i)   Government securities   135,872,083   82,034,298
ii)  Others (equity shares, bonds and certificate of deposits and assets held to cover linked liabilities of Life Insurance business)   58,677,838   58,586,167
TOTAL INVESTMENTS OUTSIDE INDIA   194,549,921   140,620,465
TOTAL INVESTMENTS   8,707,198,823   8,863,768,108
A.  Investments in India
Gross value of investments   8,528,616,162   8,694,747,035
Less: Aggregate of provision/depreciation/(appreciation)   15,967,260   (28,400,608   )
Net investments   8,512,648,902   8,723,147,643
B.  Investments outside India
Gross value of investments   196,394,812   141,030,805
Less: Aggregate of provision/depreciation/(appreciation)   1,844,891   410,340
Net investments   194,549,921   140,620,465
TOTAL INVESTMENTS   8,707,198,823   8,863,768,108

1.   Includes goodwill on consolidation of associates amounting to Rs. 101.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 163.1 million).

SCHEDULE 9 - ADVANCES [net of provisions]

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
A. i)     Bills
    purchased and discounted 1   453,485,209   463,393,153
ii)    Cash credits, overdrafts and loans repayable on demand   5,964,273,656   4,944,846,572
iii)   Term loans   10,028,820,813   8,798,397,399
TOTAL ADVANCES   16,446,579,678   14,206,637,124
B.  i)      Secured by tangible assets (includes advances against book debts)   12,372,112,816   10,386,986,327
ii)     Covered by bank/government guarantees   83,929,741   74,837,364
iii)    Unsecured   3,990,537,121   3,744,813,433
TOTAL ADVANCES   16,446,579,678   14,206,637,124
C.  I.     Advances in India
i)     Priority sector   5,641,835,513   4,630,104,023
ii)    Public sector   317,036,624   449,375,474
iii)   Banks   625,524   15,293,973
iv)   Others   9,638,143,755   8,438,646,608

F-
19

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
TOTAL ADVANCES IN INDIA   15,597,641,416   13,533,420,078
II.    Advances outside India
i)     Due from banks   15,743,808   15,217,500
ii)    Due from others
a) Bills purchased and discounted   122,534,067   92,213,965
b) Syndicated and term loans   267,361,777   235,599,649
c) Others   443,298,610   330,185,932
TOTAL ADVANCES OUTSIDE INDIA   848,938,262   673,217,046
TOTAL ADVANCES   16,446,579,678   14,206,637,124

1.   Net of bills re-discounted amounting to Rs. 28,000.0 million (March 31, 2025: Nil).

SCHEDULE 10 - FIXED ASSETS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
I.       Premises Gross block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   114,825,928   102,975,511
Additions during the year 1   12,126,256   13,407,476
Deductions during the year   (722,978   )   (1,557,059   )
Closing balance   126,229,206   114,825,928
Depreciation
At March 31of preceding year   30,452,310   28,099,523
Charge during the year 2   3,886,475   3,288,984
Deductions during the year   (590,200   )   (936,197   )
Total  depreciation   33,748,585   30,452,310
Net block 3   92,480,621   84,373,618
II.       Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures) Gross block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   178,362,431   149,044,513
Additions during the year   34,303,326   38,213,577
Deductions during the year   (9,233,918   )   (8,895,659   )
Closing balance   203,431,839   178,362,431
Depreciation
At March 31 of preceding year   108,203,052   94,383,964
Charge during the year   26,157,906   22,747,963
Deductions during the year   (8,207,515   )   (8,928,875   )
Total  depreciation   126,153,443   108,203,052
Net block   77,278,396   70,159,379
III.       Lease assets Gross block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   18,913,407   17,900,287
Additions during the year   1,785,230   1,222,930
Deductions during the year   (754,970   )   (209,810   )

F-
20

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
Closing balance 4   19,943,667   18,913,407
Depreciation
At March 31 of preceding year   15,322,170   15,034,060
Charge during the year   306,794   301,152
Deductions during the year   (129,691   )   (13,042   )
Total depreciation, accumulated lease adjustment and provisions   15,499,273   15,322,170
Net block   4,444,394   3,591,237
TOTAL FIXED ASSETS   174,203,410   158,124,234

1.   Includes revaluation gain amounting to Rs. 2,969.1 million (March 31, 2025: Rs.
7,828.5 million) on account of revaluation.

2.   Including depreciation charge on account of revaluation of Rs. 1,143.2 million for
the year ended March 31, 2026 (year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 848.0 million).

3.   Includes assets amounting to Rs. 60.6 million of the Bank (March 31, 2025: Rs. 1.9
million) which are held for sale.

4.   Includes assets taken on lease by the Bank amounting to Rs. 3,229.0 million (March
31, 2025: Rs. 2,198.8 million).

SCHEDULE 11 – OTHER ASSETS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
I. Inter-office adjustments
    (net)   ..   ..
II. Interest
    accrued   236,595,724   238,378,033
I II. Tax paid in advance/tax
    deducted at source (net)   ..   6,929,092
IV. Stationery and
    stamps   324,069   275,386
V. Non-banking
    assets acquired in satisfaction of claims 1,2   ..   ..
VI. Advance for capital
    assets   7,748,685   10,732,726
VII. Deposits   149,020,611   107,877,248
VIII. Deferred tax
    asset (net) (refer note 18.10)   42,621,285   48,410,016
IX. Deposits in Rural
    Infrastructure and Development Fund   103,661,620   134,932,128
X. Unrealised
    gain on foreign exchange and derivative contracts 3   215,725,744   161,647,519
XI. Others   305,992,298   259,873,571
TOTAL OTHER ASSETS   1,061,690,036   969,055,719

1.   Asset amounting to Rs. 4.5 million were transferred from banking assets to non-banking
asset by the Bank during the year ended March 31, 2026 (year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 9.1 million). Assets amounting to Rs. 2,984.3 million
were sold by the Bank during the year ended March 31, 2026 (year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 727.1 million).

2.   Net of provision held by the Bank amounting to Rs. 24,515.5 million (March 31,
2025: Rs. 27,475.0 million).

3.   Gross unrealised loss on foreign exchange and derivative contracts is disclosed
under Schedule 5 - Other liabilities.

F-
21

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet

SCHEDULE 12 - CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025
I. Claims
    against the Group not acknowledged as debts   154,424,574   166,956,057
II. Liability for
    partly paid investments   600,175   4,079,021
III. Liability on account of outstanding forward exchange contracts 1   15,179,156,306   17,435,254,509
IV. Guarantees given
    on behalf of constituents
a) In India   1,973,508,763   1,661,358,147
b) Outside India   139,163,593   120,341,685
V. Acceptances, endorsements
    and other obligations   782,427,485   662,291,596
VI. Currency swaps 1   511,207,349   770,171,066
VII. Interest rate swaps, currency options and interest rate futures 1   45,019,391,197   57,930,748,878
VIII. Other items
    for which the Group is contingently liable   107,142,897   98,806,905
TOTAL CONTINGENT LIABILITES   63,867,022,339   78,850,007,864

1.   Represents notional amount.

F-
22

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Profit and Loss account

SCHEDULE 13 - INTEREST EARNED

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I. Interest/discount
on advances/bills   1,378,042,589   1,332,437,089   1,165,897,763
II. Income on investments (including dividend)   496,887,207   473,025,439   381,070,710
III. Interest on balances with Reserve Bank of India and other   inter-bank funds   41,808,039   34,286,557   26,498,839
IV. Others 1,2   35,446,756   23,565,556   21,691,940
TOTAL INTEREST EARNED   1,952,184,591   1,863,314,641   1,595,159,252

1.   Includes interest on tax refunds amounting to Rs. 7,266.6 million (March 31, 2025:
Rs. 2,034.7 million; March 31, 2024: Rs. 2,828.2 million).

2.   Includes interest and amortisation of premium on hedging/non-trading interest rate
swaps.		.

SCHEDULE 14 - OTHER INCOME

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I. Commission,
    exchange and brokerage   293,302,347   277,661,551   235,718,656
II. Profit/(loss)
    on sale of investments (net)   52,258,540   36,975,602   36,689,228
III. Profit/(loss)
    on revaluation of investments (net)   (12,605,930   )   15,364,503   1,182,467
IV. Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net) 1   2,886,200   439,077   144,093
V. Profit/(loss) on
    exchange/derivative transactions (net)   53,071,958   39,505,447   30,860,575
VI. Premium and other
    operating income from insurance business   776,241,930   709,008,343   458,528,108
VII. Miscellaneous
    income (including lease income)   3,843,957   3,600,179   2,094,893
TOTAL OTHER INCOME   1,168,999,002   1,082,554,702   765,218,020

1.   Includes profit/(loss) on sale of assets given on lease.

SCHEDULE 15 - INTEREST EXPENDED

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March
31, 2026   March
31, 2025   March
31, 2024
I. Interest
    on deposits   739,503,635   716,478,741   587,844,555
II. Interest on Reserve
    Bank of India/inter-bank borrowings   26,262,507   41,684,988   32,114,853
III. Others (including
    interest on borrowings of erstwhile ICICI Limited)   124,519,670   132,112,800   121,122,219
TOTAL INTEREST EXPENDED   890,285,812   890,276,529   741,081,627

F-
23

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Profit and Loss account

SCHEDULE 16 - OPERATING EXPENSES

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I. Payments to and provisions for employees 1   252,586,237   236,299,361   191,719,774
II. Rent, taxes and lighting 2   24,336,823   22,804,087   17,054,394
III. Printing and
    stationery   2,675,296   3,185,496   3,610,245
IV. Advertisement
    and publicity   22,558,503   28,437,327   28,292,745
V. Depreciation on
    property   30,303,158   25,972,008   19,152,745
VI. Depreciation (including
    lease equalisation) on leased assets   306,794   301,152   199,361
VII. Directors' fees,
    allowances and expenses   205,192   209,214   146,009
VIII. Auditors' fees
    and expenses   381,988   348,676   264,719
IX. Law charges   2,267,380   1,904,460   1,494,968
X. Postages, courier,
    telephones, etc.   9,977,054   9,681,053   8,875,883
XI. Repairs and maintenance   46,947,554   38,200,665   36,171,827
XII. Insurance   19,408,871   15,714,195   16,843,829
XIII. Direct marketing
    agency expenses   28,839,527   24,057,542   37,986,800
XIV. Claims and benefits
    paid pertaining to insurance business   303,066,856   225,451,163   78,282,341
XV. Other expenses pertaining to insurance business 3   515,296,726   512,610,643   424,318,817
XVI. Other expenditure 4,5   144,778,214   132,822,729   113,413,465
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES   1,403,936,173   1,277,999,771   977,827,922

1.   The new Labour Codes were notified by the government during November 2025, pursuant
to which the Group charged an amount of Rs. 2,148.6 million to the profit and loss account based on certain estimates and assumptions.
The supporting Rules and certain key clarifications are awaited, and the interpretations and industry practices are still developing.
The above impact estimates will be re-assessed and finalised based on the final Rules, industry practices and any revisions to the Group’s
staff emoluments from time to time.

2.   Includes lease expense amounting to Rs. 19,133.3 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 17,106.1
million; March 31, 2024: Rs. 13,877.7 million).

3.   Includes commission expenses and reserves for actuarial liabilities (including
the investible portion of the premium on the unit-linked policies).

4.   Includes expenses on purchase of Priority Sector Lending Certificates (PSLC) for
the Bank amounting to Rs. 34,849.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 20,038.5 million; March 31, 2024: Rs. 16,428.5 million).

5.   Includes expenses on reward program by the Bank amounting to Rs. 24,228.2 million
(March 31, 2025: Rs. 21,651.0 million; March 31, 2024: Rs. 18,414.8 million).

F-
24

SCHEDULE 17

Significant accounting policies

Overview

ICICI Bank Limited, together with its subsidiaries
and associates (collectively, the Group), is a diversified financial services group providing a wide range of banking and financial services
including commercial banking, retail banking, project and corporate finance, working capital finance, insurance, venture capital and private
equity, investment banking, broking and treasury products and services.

ICICI Bank Limited (‘the Bank’), incorporated
in Vadodara, India is a publicly held banking company governed by the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

Principles of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include
the financials of ICICI Bank, its subsidiaries and Group’s interest in the associates.

Entities, in which the Bank holds, directly or
indirectly, through subsidiaries and other consolidating entities, more than 50.00% of the voting rights or where it exercises control,
over the composition of board of directors/governing body, are fully consolidated on a line-by-line basis in accordance with the provisions
of AS 21 on ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’. Investments in entities where the Bank has the ability to exercise significant
influence are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and the pro-rata share of their profit/(loss) is included in the consolidated
profit and loss account. The Bank does not consolidate entities where the significant influence/control is intended to be temporary or
entities which operate under severe long-term restrictions that impair their ability to transfer funds to parent/investing entity or where
the objective of control is not to obtain economic benefit from their activities. All significant inter-company balances and transactions
with subsidiaries and entities consolidated as per AS-21 have been eliminated on consolidation.

F-
25

Basis of preparation

The accounting and reporting policies of the Group
used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements conform to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India (‘Indian
GAAP’), the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Securities and Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’), Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India (‘IRDAI’) from time to time and the Accounting Standards notified under Section
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and Companies (Accounting Standard) Rule
2021, as applicable to relevant companies and practices generally prevalent in the banking industry in India. In the case of the foreign
subsidiaries, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles as applicable to the respective foreign subsidiaries are followed. The Group follows
the historical cost convention and the accrual method of accounting except where otherwise stated. Investments of the Bank and domestic
subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) are accounted for in accordance with the extant RBI guidelines on Classification, Valuation
and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2023. In case the accounting policies followed by a subsidiary
are different from those followed by the Bank, the same have been disclosed in the respective accounting policy.

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that are considered in the reported amounts of assets and liabilities (including
contingent liabilities) as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported income and expenses during the reporting
period. Management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are prudent and reasonable.
Actual results could differ from these estimates. The impact of any revision in these estimates is recognised prospectively from the period
of change.

F-
26

The consolidated financial statements include
the results of the following entities in addition to the Bank.

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Country of incorporation   Nature of relationship   Nature of business   Ownership interest
At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
1.   ICICI Bank UK PLC   United Kingdom   Subsidiary   Banking   100.00%   100.00%
2.   ICICI Bank Canada   Canada   Subsidiary   Banking   100.00%   100.00%
3.   ICICI Securities Limited 1   India   Subsidiary   Securities broking and merchant banking   100.00%   100.00%
4.   ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. 2   USA   Subsidiary   Holding company   100.00%   100.00%
5.   ICICI Securities Inc. 2   USA   Subsidiary   Securities broking   100.00%   100.00%
6.   ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   India   Subsidiary   Securities investment, trading and underwriting   100.00%   100.00%
7.   ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Private equity/venture capital fund management   100.00%   100.00%
8.   ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Housing finance   100.00%   100.00%
9.   ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   India   Subsidiary   Trusteeship services   100.00%   100.00%
10.   ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Asset management and Investment advisory   100.00%   100.00%
11.   ICICI International Limited   Mauritius   Subsidiary   Asset management   100.00%   100.00%

F-
27

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Country of incorporation   Nature of relationship   Nature of business   Ownership interest
At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
12.   ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited (erstwhile ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited) 3   India   Subsidiary   Pension fund management and Points of Presence   100.00%   100.00%
13.   ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Life insurance   50.89%   51.03%
14.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   General insurance   51.26%   51.55%
15.   ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Asset management   53.00%   51.00%
16.   ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   India   Subsidiary   Trusteeship services   50.80%   50.80%
17.   I-Process Services (India) Limited   India   Subsidiary   Manpower support services   100.00%   100.00%
18.   ICICI Strategic Investments Fund 4   India   Consolidated as per AS 21   Venture capital fund   -   100.00%

F-
28

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Country of incorporation   Nature of relationship   Nature of business   Ownership interest
At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
19.   FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) 5,6   India   Associate   Merchant acquiring and servicing   -   19.01%
20.   NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited 5,7   India   Associate   Education and training in banking, finance and insurance   -   18.79%
21.   India Infradebt Limited 5   India   Associate   Infrastructure re-finance   42.33%   42.33%
22.   India Advantage Fund-III 5,8   India   Associate   Venture capital fund   -   24.10%
23.   India Advantage Fund-IV 5,8   India   Associate   Venture capital fund   -   47.14%
24.   Arteria Technologies Private Limited 5   India   Associate   Software company   19.02%   19.98%

1.   On March 24, 2025, ICICI Securities Limited became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank.

2.   ICICI Securities Holding Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Limited. ICICI Securities
Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Holding Inc.

3.   On January 12, 2026, the Bank acquired 100.0% shareholding in ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited from
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and consequently ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited has become a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Bank.

4.   On March 25, 2026, ICICI Strategic Investments Fund have been redeemed all its unit capital and accordingly
the Fund ceased to be a subsidiary of the Bank as per Accounting Standard 21.

5.   These entities have been accounted as per the equity method as prescribed by AS-23 on ‘Accounting
for Investments in Associates in Consolidated Financial Statements’.

6.   On April 17, 2025, FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited ceased to be associate of the Bank.

7.   On June 11, 2025, NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited ceased to be associates
of the Bank.

8.   On July 03, 2025, India Advantage Fund-III and India Advantage Fund-IV ceased to be associates of the
Bank.

9.   Falcon Tyres Limited, in which the Bank holds 26.39% equity shares has not been accounted as per equity
method under AS-23, since the investment is temporary in nature.

F-
29

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

1.   Revenue recognition

a)   Interest income is recognised in the profit and loss account as it accrues, except in the case of non-performing
assets (NPAs) where it is recognised upon realisation, as per the income recognition and asset classification norms of RBI/NHB/other applicable
guidelines.

b)   Income on discounted instruments is recognised over the tenure of the instrument on a constant yield basis.

c)   Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive the dividend is established.

d)   Loan processing fee is accounted for upfront when it becomes due except in the case of foreign banking
subsidiaries, where it is amortised over the period of the loan.

e)   Project appraisal/structuring fee is accounted for on the completion of the agreed service.

f)   Arranger fee is accounted for as income when a significant portion of the arrangement is completed and
right to receive is established.

g)   Commission received on guarantees and letters of credit issued is amortised on a straight-line basis over
the period of the guarantee/letters of credit.

h)   The annual/renewal fee on credit cards, debit cards and prepaid cards are amortised on a straight-line
basis over one year.

i)   Fees paid/received for priority sector lending certificates (PSLC) is amortised on straight-line basis
over the period of the certificate.

j)   Penal charge is recognised as income on realisation basis.

k)   All other fees are accounted for as and when they become due where the Group is reasonably certain of
ultimate collection.

l)   Fund management and portfolio management fees are recognised on an accrual basis.

m)   Income from securities brokerage activities is recognised as income on the trade date of the transaction.
Brokerage income in relation to public or other issuances of securities is recognised based on mobilisation and terms of agreement with
the client.

n)   Life insurance premium for non-linked policies is recognised as income (net of goods and service tax)
when due from policyholders. For unit linked business, premium is recognised when the associated units are created. Premium on lapsed
policies is recognised as income when such policies are reinstated. Top-up premiums paid by unit linked policyholders’ are considered
as single premium. Income from unit linked policies, which includes fund management charges, policy administration charges, mortality
charges and other charges, if any, are recovered from the linked funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of the policy and are
recognised when due.

o)   In case of general insurance business, premium including reinsurance accepted (net of goods & services
tax) other than for multi-year (with term more than one year) motor insurance policies for new

F-
30

cars and new two wheelers issued on
or after September 1, 2018 and other long-term product (as defined in master circular on IRDAI (Insurance Products) Regulations, 2024
– General Insurance dated June 11, 2024) insurance policies issued on or after October 1, 2024, is recorded on receipt of complete
information, for the policy period at the commencement of risk. For government sponsored crop insurance, the premium is accounted based
on management estimates that are progressively actualised on receipt of information. For installment cases, premium is recorded on installment
due dates. Reinstatement premium is recorded as and when such premiums are recovered. Premium earned including reinstatement premium and
re-insurance accepted is recognised as income over the period of risk or the contract period based on 1/365 method, whichever is appropriate
on a gross basis other than instalment premiums received for group health policies, wherein the instalment premiums are recognised over
the balance policy period. Any subsequent revisions to premium as and when they occur are recognised over the remaining period of risk
or contract period, as applicable.

In case of multi-year motor insurance
policies for new cars and new two wheelers (third party liability coverage) issued on or after September 1, 2018 and other long-term products
(as defined in master circular on IRDAI (Insurance Products) Regulations, 2024 - General Insurance dated June 11, 2024) issued on or after
October 1, 2024, premium received (net of goods & services tax) is recognised equally over the policy period at the commencement of
risk on 1/n basis where “n” denotes the policy duration and premium received for own damage coverage under multi-year motor
policy up to October 1, 2024 is recognised in accordance with movement of Insured Declared Value (IDV) over the period of risk, on receipt
of complete information. Reinstatement premium is recorded as and when such premiums are recovered. Premium allocated for the year ended
is recognised as income earned based on 1/365 method, on a gross basis. Reinstatement premium is allocated on the same basis as the original
premium over the balance term of the policy. Any subsequent revisions to premium as and when they occur are recognised on the same basis
as the original premium over the balance term of the policy. Adjustments to premium income arising on cancellation of policies are recognised
in the period in which the policies are cancelled. Adjustments to premium income for corrections to area covered under government sponsored
crop insurance are recognised in the period in which the information is confirmed by the concerned government/nodal agency. Commission
on reinsurance ceded is recognised as income in the period of ceding the risk. Profit commission under reinsurance treaties, wherever
applicable, is recognised as income in the year of final determination of profits as confirmed by reinsurers and combined with commission
on reinsurance ceded. Sliding scale commission under reinsurance treaties, wherever applicable, is determined at every balance sheet date
as per terms of the respective treaties. Any changes in the previously accrued commission is recognised immediately and any additional
accrual is recognised on confirmation from reinsurers. Such commission is combined with commission on reinsurance ceded.

p)   In case of life insurance business, reinsurance premium ceded/accepted is accounted in accordance with
the terms of the relevant treaties/arrangements with the reinsurer/insurer. Premium ceded on reinsurance is net of profit commission on
reinsurance ceded.

q)   In case of general insurance business, insurance premium on ceding of the risk other than for multi-year
motor insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers issued on or after September 1, 2018 and other long-term product insurance
policies issued on or after October 1, 2024, is recognised simultaneously along with the insurance premium in accordance with reinsurance
arrangements with the reinsurers. In case of multi-year motor insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers issued on or after
September 1, 2018 and other long-term product insurance policies issued on or after October 1, 2024, reinsurance premium is recognised
on the insurance premium allocated for the year simultaneously along with the recognition of the insurance premium in accordance with
the reinsurance arrangements with the reinsurers. Any subsequent revision to premium ceded is recognised in the period of such revision.
Adjustment to reinsurance premium arising on cancellation of policies is recognised

F-
31

in the period in which the policies
are cancelled. Adjustments to reinsurance premium for corrections to area covered under crop insurance are recognised simultaneously along
with related premium income.

r)   In the case of general insurance business, premium deficiency is recognised when the sum of expected claim
costs and related expenses and maintenance costs (related to claims handling) exceed the reserve for unexpired risks and is computed at
a segmental revenue account level. The premium deficiency is calculated and duly certified by the Appointed Actuary.

2.   Investments

i)   Investments of the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) are accounted for
in accordance with the extant RBI guidelines on classification, valuation and operation of investment portfolio by Banks.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding
insurance subsidiaries) follows trade date method of accounting for purchase and sale of investments, except for government of India and
state government securities where settlement date method of accounting is followed in accordance with RBI guidelines.

Till March 31, 2024, the Bank had been
following accounting policies for investments primarily based on the Master Direction - Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment
Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2021 where securities were valued scrip-wise and classified into ‘Held to Maturity (HTM),
‘Available for Sale’ (AFS) and ‘Held for Trading’ (HFT). Depreciation/appreciation on securities was aggregated
for each category. Net appreciation in each category under each investment classification, if any, being unrealised, was ignored, while
net depreciation in each category was provided. HTM securities were carried at their acquisition cost or at amortised cost, if acquired
at a premium over the face value. Any premium over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate securities acquired was amortised over
the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. Other domestic subsidiaries (excluding
insurance subsidiaries) were following generally accepted accounting principles in India (Indian GAAP).

With effect from April 1, 2024, the
Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) implemented the Master Direction - Classification, Valuation and Operation
of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2023 and transitional adjustments has been recorded as per the directions. Accordingly,
the significant accounting policies with respect to investments have been modified as stated below

a.   All investments are recognised at fair value on initial recognition, primarily the acquisition cost. Where
facts and circumstances suggest that the fair value is materially different from the acquisition cost, the difference between the fair
value and the acquisition cost is recognised in accordance with RBI guidelines.

b.   All investments are classified into ‘Held to Maturity’ (HTM), ‘Available for Sale’
(AFS) and ‘Fair value through Profit and Loss account’ (FVTPL) including ‘Held for Trading’ (HFT) which is a separate
investment sub-category within FVTPL on the date of purchase as per the extant RBI guidelines on classification, valuation and operation
of investment portfolio by Banks. Under each classification, the investments are further categorised as (a) government securities, (b)
other approved securities, (c) shares, (d) bonds and debentures, and (e) others. Further, all the investments including debt investments
in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are classified in separate category.

F-
32

c.   Investments are classified as HTM if:

1)   the security is acquired with the intention and objective of holding it to maturity,
i.e., the financial assets are held with an objective to collect the contractual cash flows; and

2)   the contractual terms of the security give rise to cash flows that are solely payments
of principal and interest on principal outstanding (‘SPPI criterion’) on specified dates.

HTM securities are carried at cost.
Any premium or discount over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered securities acquired is amortised over the remaining
period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively.

d.   Investments are classified as AFS if:

1)   The security is acquired with an objective that is achieved by both collecting
contractual cash flows and selling securities; and

2)   the contractual terms of the security meet the ‘SPPI criterion’

Further, certain equity investments
are also designated as AFS investments, where on initial recognition; the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries)
has made an irrevocable election to classify such equity investments as AFS investments.

Investments classified as AFS are fair
valued periodically as per RBI guidelines. Any premium or discount over/below the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered
securities acquired is amortised over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively.
The unrealised gain or loss across all performing AFS investments (adjusted for effect of taxes, if any) is recognised in ‘AFS reserves’.

e.   Securities that do not qualify for inclusion in HTM or AFS are classified under FVTPL. There is a separate
sub-category called HFT within FVTPL. The HFT investments primarily include listed equity investments (except for equity investments designated
as AFS investments) and debt securities acquired with an intent to sale.

Investments classified as FVTPL are
fair valued periodically as per RBI guidelines. Any premium or discount over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered
securities acquired which pass the SPPI criterion is amortised over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight
line basis respectively. The unrealised gain or loss across all performing FVTPL investments is aggregated across all categories and net
appreciation/depreciation is recognised in profit and loss account.

f.   All investments (including debt and equity) in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are held at
acquisition cost. Any premium or discount over/below the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered securities acquired is amortised
over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) assesses investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates for any other than temporary diminution
in value and appropriate provisions are made.

g.   Costs, including brokerage and commission pertaining to trading book investments paid at the time of acquisition
and broken period interest (the amount of interest from the previous interest payment date till the date of purchase of instruments) on
debt instruments, are charged to the profit and loss account.

F-
33

h.   For the purpose of initial recognition and subsequent measurement investments are fair valued based on
RBI guidelines. Securities are valued scrip-wise.

i.   Quoted investments are valued based on the closing quotes on the recognised stock exchanges or prices
declared by Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association (FIMMDA)/Financial Benchmark India Private Limited (FBIL), periodically.

j.   The market/fair value of unquoted government securities which are in the nature of Statutory Liquidity
Ratio (SLR) securities included in the AFS and FVTPL categories is as per the rates published by FBIL and for unquoted corporate bonds,
security level valuation (SLV) published by FIMMDA. The valuation of other unquoted fixed income securities, including Pass Through Certificates,
wherever linked to the Yield-to-Maturity (YTM) rates, is computed with a mark-up (reflecting associated credit risk) over the YTM rates
for government securities published by FIMMDA. The sovereign foreign securities and non-INR India linked bonds are valued on the basis
of prices published by the sovereign regulator or counterparty quotes.

k.   Treasury bills, commercial papers and certificate of deposits being discounted instruments, are valued
at carrying cost.

l.   The units of mutual funds are valued at the latest repurchase price/net asset value declared by the mutual
fund. Unquoted equity shares are valued at the break-up value, if the latest balance sheet is available, or at Rs. 1, as per RBI guidelines.

m.   Investments in units of Venture Capital Funds (VCFs)/Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) are categorised
under FVTPL and are valued at the net asset value (NAV) declared by the VCFs/AIFs respectively. If the latest NAV is not available continuously
for more than 18 months, the units of VCFs/AIFs are valued at Rs. 1, as per RBI guidelines.

n.   The units of Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvIT) are valued as per the quoted price available on the
exchange.

o.   At the end of each reporting period, security receipts issued by the asset reconstruction companies are
valued in accordance with the guidelines applicable to such instruments, prescribed by RBI from time to time. Accordingly, in cases where
the cash flows from security receipts issued by the asset reconstruction companies are limited to the actual realisation of the financial
assets assigned to the instruments in the concerned scheme, the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) reckons
the net asset value obtained from the asset reconstruction company from time to time, for valuation of such investments at each reporting
period end. The Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) makes additional provisions on the security receipts
based on the remaining period for the resolution period to end. The security receipts which are outstanding and not redeemed as at the
end of the resolution period are treated as loss assets and are fully provided. The provision on the fully provided security receipts
including receipts guaranteed by Government of India, is reversed through profit and loss account on actual receipts of recoveries or
approval of claims, if any, by the Government of India.

p.   Impairment of on non-performing investments is made as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum
provisioning requirements of RBI.

q.   Gain/loss on sale of investments except AFS equity investments is recognised in the profit and loss account.
Cost of investments is computed based on the First-In-First-Out (FIFO) method.

F-
34

The realised gain or loss on AFS equity
investments is recognised in AFS reserve. Further, the profit from sale of HTM investments, investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures
and associates and equity AFS investments, net of taxes and transfer to statutory reserve is appropriated to “Capital Reserve”
in accordance with the RBI guidelines.

r.   The Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) undertakes short sale transactions
in dated central government securities in accordance with RBI guidelines. The short positions are categorised under HFT category and are
marked-to-market. The mark-to-market gain/loss is charged to profit and loss account as per RBI guidelines.

s.   Market repurchase, reverse repurchase and transactions with RBI under Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF)/Marginal
Standing Facility (MSF) are accounted for as borrowing and lending transactions in accordance with the extant RBI guidelines.

ii)   The Bank’s overseas banking subsidiaries account for unrealised gain/loss, net of tax, on investment
in ‘AFS’/‘Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income’ (FVOCI) category directly in AFS reserves. Further unrealised
gain/loss on investment in ‘HFT’/‘Fair Value Through Profit and Loss’ (FVTPL) category is accounted directly in
the profit and loss account. Investments in ‘HTM’/‘amortised cost’ category are carried at amortised cost.

iii)   In the case of life and general insurance businesses, investments are made in accordance with the Insurance
Act, 1938 (as amended from time to time), the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Actuarial, Finance and Investment
Functions of Insurers) Regulations, 2024 and various other circulars/notifications issued by the IRDAI and IFSC in this context from time
to time.

In the case of life insurance business, valuation
of investments (other than linked business) is done on the following basis:

a.   All debt securities including government securities and redeemable preference shares are considered as
‘held to maturity’ and stated at historical cost, subject to amortisation of premium or accretion of discount over the period
of maturity/holding on a constant yield basis.

b.   Listed equity shares and equity exchange traded funds (ETF) are stated at fair value being the last quoted
closing price on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) (or BSE, in case the investments are not listed on NSE). Unlisted equity shares are
stated at acquisition cost less impairment, if any. Equity shares lent under the Securities Lending and Borrowing scheme (SLB) continue
to be recognised in the Balance Sheet as the Company retains all the associated risks and rewards of these securities. Non-traded and
thinly traded equity shares are valued at last available price on NSE/BSE or the value derived using valuation principle of net worth
per share, whichever is lower. Equity shares are classified as non-traded if the same is not quoted on NSE/BSE for preceding 30 days from
the valuation date.

c.   Mutual fund units are valued based on the previous day’s net asset value.

Unrealised gains/losses arising due to
changes in the fair value of listed equity shares and mutual fund units are taken to ’Revenue and other reserves’ and ‘Liabilities
on policies in force’ in the balance sheet for Shareholders’ fund and Policyholders’ fund respectively for life insurance
business.

In the case of general insurance business,
valuation of investments is done on the following basis:

F-
35

a.   All debt securities including government securities, money market instruments, non-convertible and redeemable
preference shares and excluding Additional Tier-1 perpetual bonds are considered as ‘held to maturity’ and accordingly stated
at amortised cost determined after amortisation of premium or accretion of discount over the holding/maturity period in accordance with
income recognition policy.

b.   Additional Tier-1 perpetual bond investments are valued at fair value using market yield rates published
by rating agency registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).

c.   Listed equities and convertible preference shares at the balance sheet date are stated at fair value,
being the last quoted closing price on the NSE and in case these are not listed on NSE, then based on the last quoted closing price on
the BSE.

d.   Mutual fund investments (other than venture capital fund) are stated at fair value, being the closing
net asset value at balance sheet date.

e.   Investments other than mentioned above are valued at cost.

Unrealised gains/losses arising due
to changes in the fair value of listed equity shares, convertible preference shares and mutual fund investments and Additional Tier-1
perpetual bonds are taken to ‘Revenue and other reserves’ in the balance sheet for general insurance business.

Insurance subsidiaries assess at each
balance sheet date whether there is any indication that any investment may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the carrying value
of such investment is reduced to its recoverable amount and the impairment loss is recognised in the revenue(s)/profit and loss account.
The previously impaired loss is also reversed on disposal/realisation of securities and results thereon are recognised.

The total proportion of investments other than
linked investments, for which subsidiaries have applied accounting policies different from the Bank as mentioned above, is approximately
20.49% of the total investments at March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: 22.66%).

3.   Loans and other credit facilities

i)   The Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) classifies its loans and investments,
including at overseas branches and overdues arising from crystallised derivative contracts, into performing and NPAs in accordance with
RBI guidelines. Loans and advances held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations but which
are standard as per the extant RBI guidelines, are classified as NPAs to the extent of amount outstanding in the respective host country.
Further, NPAs are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated by RBI. Interest on non-performing
advances is transferred to an interest suspense account and not recognised in profit and loss account until received.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) considers an account as restructured, where for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s
financial difficulty, the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) grants concessions to the borrower, that the
Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) would not otherwise consider. The moratorium granted to the borrowers
based on RBI guidelines is not

F-
36

accounted as restructuring of loan.
Certain specified guidelines by RBI requires the asset classification to be maintained as ‘Standard’. Therefore, the borrowers
where resolution plan was implemented under these guidelines are classified as standard restructured.

Non-performing and restructured
loans are upgraded to standard as per the extant RBI guidelines or host country regulations, as applicable.

In the case of corporate loans
and advances, provisions are made for sub-standard and doubtful assets as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning
requirements of RBI. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful assets are fully provided. For impaired loans and advances held
in overseas branches, which are performing as per RBI guidelines, provisions are made as per the host country regulations. For loans and
advances held in overseas branches, which are NPAs both as per the RBI guidelines and host country guidelines, provisions are made at
the higher of the provisions required as per internal provisioning norms and host country guidelines, provisions on non-performing retail
loans and advances, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of RBI, are made on the basis of the ageing of the loan. The specific
provisions on non-performing loans and advances held by the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) are higher
than the minimum regulatory requirements.

In respect of non-retail loans
reported as fraud to RBI, the entire amount is provided over a period not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in which fraud
has been declared. In respect of non-retail loans which are classified as loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. Also,
in case of fraud in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative
borrowers or willful defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per RBI guidelines.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and advances, and against certain performing
loans and advances in accordance with RBI directions.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) makes provision on restructured loans subject to minimum requirements as per RBI guidelines. Provision
due to diminution in the fair value of restructured/rescheduled loans and advances is made in accordance with the applicable RBI guidelines.

The NPAs are written-off in accordance
with the internal policy and in accordance with RBI guidelines. Amounts recovered against bad debts written-off are recognised in the
profit and loss account.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) maintains general provision on performing loans and advances in accordance with the RBI guidelines,
including provisions on loans to borrowers having unhedged foreign currency exposure, provisions on loans to specific borrowers in specific
stressed sector, provision on exposures to step-down subsidiaries of Indian companies and provision on incremental exposure to borrowers
identified as per RBI’s large exposure framework. For performing loans and advances in overseas branches, the general provision
is made at higher of aggregate provision required as per host country regulations and RBI requirement.

In addition to the provisions required
to be held according to the asset classification status, provisions are held for individual country exposures including indirect country
risk (other than for home country exposure). The countries are categorised into seven risk categories namely insignificant, low, moderately
low, moderate, moderately high, high and very high, and

F-
37

provisioning is made on exposures
with contractual maturity exceeding 180 days on a graded scale ranging from 0.25% to 25.00%. For exposures with contractual maturity of
less than 180 days, provision is required to be held at 25% of the rates applicable to exposures exceeding 180 days. The indirect exposure
is reckoned at 50% of the exposure. If the Bank’s net funded exposure in respect of a country is less than 1% of its total assets,
no provision is required on such country exposure.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) makes additional provisions as per RBI guidelines for the cases where viable resolution plan has not
been implemented within the timelines prescribed by the RBI from the date of default. These additional provisions are written-back on
satisfying the conditions for reversal as per RBI guidelines.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries), on prudent basis, has made contingency provision on certain loan portfolios, following the Covid-19
pandemics as well as specific geo-political escalations. The Bank also makes additional contingency provision on certain standard assets.
The contingency provision is included in ‘Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

The Bank has a Board approved policy
for making floating provision, which is in addition to the specific and general provisions made by the Bank. The floating provision can
be utilised, with the approval of Board and RBI, in case of contingencies which do not arise in the normal course of business and are
exceptional and non-recurring in nature and for making specific provision for impaired loans as per the requirement if extant RBI guidelines
or any regulatory guidance/instructions. The floating provision is netted-off from advances.

ii)   In the case of the Bank’s UK subsidiary, loans are stated net of allowance for credit losses. Loans
are classified as impaired and impairment losses are incurred only if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or
more events that occurred after the initial recognition on the loan (a loss event) and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the
estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. An allowance for impairment losses is maintained at a level that
management considers adequate to absorb identified credit related losses as well as losses that have occurred but have not yet been identified.

iii)   The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary measures impairment loss on all financial assets using expected credit
loss (ECL) model based on a three-stage approach. The ECL for financial assets that are not credit-impaired and for which there is no
significant increase in credit risk since origination, is computed using 12-month probability of default (PD) and represents the lifetime
cash shortfalls that will result if a default occurs in next 12 months. The ECL for financial assets, that are not credit-impaired but
have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since origination, is computed using a lifetime PD, and represents lifetime cash
shortfalls that will result if a default occurs during the expected life of financial assets. A financial asset is considered credit-impaired
when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. The allowance
for credit losses for impaired financial assets is computed based on individual assessment of expected cash flows from such assets.

The total proportion of loans for which
subsidiaries have applied accounting policies different from the Bank as mentioned above, is approximately 2.67 % of the total loans at
March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: 2.74%).

4.   Transfer and servicing of assets

F-
38

The Bank transfers commercial and consumer
loans through securitisation transactions. The transferred loans are de-recognised and gains/losses are accounted, only if the Bank surrenders
the rights to benefits specified in the underlying securitised loan contract. Recourse and servicing obligations are accounted for net
of provisions.

In accordance with the RBI guidelines
for securitisation of standard assets, with effect from February 1, 2006, the profit/premium arising from securitisation is amortised
over the life of the securities issued or to be issued by the special purpose vehicle to which the assets are sold. With effect from May
7, 2012, the RBI guidelines require the profit/premium arising from securitisation to be amortised based on the method prescribed in the
guidelines. As per the RBI guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, gain realised at the time of securitisation of loans is accounted
through profit and loss account on completion of transaction. The Bank accounts for any loss arising from securitisation immediately at
the time of sale.

The unrealised gains, associated with
expected future margin income is recognised in profit and loss account on receipt of cash, after absorbing losses, if any.

Net income arising from sale of loan
assets through direct assignment with recourse obligation is amortised over the life of underlying assets sold and net income from sale
of loan assets through direct assignment, without any recourse obligation, is recognised at the time of sale. Net loss arising on account
of direct assignment of loan assets is recognised at the time of sale. As per the RBI guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, any
loss or realised gain from sale of loan assets through direct assignment is accounted through profit and loss account on completion of
transaction.

The acquired loans is carried at acquisition
cost. In case premium is paid on a loan acquired, premium is amortised over the loan tenure.

In accordance with RBI guidelines, in
case of non-performing loans sold to Asset Reconstruction Companies (ARCs), the Bank reverses the excess provision in profit and loss
account in the year in which amounts are received. Any shortfall of sale value over the net book value on sale of such assets is recognised
by the Bank in the year in which the loan is sold.

The Canadian subsidiary has entered into securitisation
arrangements in respect of its originated and purchased mortgages. ICICI Bank Canada either retains substantially all the risk and rewards
or retains control over these mortgages, hence these arrangements do not qualify for de-recognition accounting under their local accounting
standards. It continues to recognise the mortgages securitised as “Loans and Advances” and the amounts received through securitisation
are recognised as “Other borrowings”.

5.   Fixed assets (Property, Plant and Equipment)

Fixed assets, other than premises of the Bank
and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any.
Premises of the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) are carried at revalued amount, being fair value at
the date of revaluation less accumulated depreciation. Cost includes freight, duties, taxes and incidental expenses related to the acquisition
and installation of the asset.

Depreciation is charged over the estimated useful
life of fixed assets on a straight-line basis. Assets purchased/sold during the year are depreciated on a pro-rata basis for the actual
number of days the asset has been capitalised. The Group assets individually costing up to Rs. 5,000/- are depreciated fully in the year
of acquisition.

F-
39

In case of revalued/impaired assets, depreciation
is provided over the remaining useful life of the assets with reference to revised asset values. In case of premises, which are carried
at revalued amounts, the depreciation on the excess of revalued amount over historical cost is transferred from Revaluation Reserve to
General Reserve annually. Profit on sale of premises by the Bank is appropriated to capital reserve, net of transfer to Statutory Reserve
and taxes, in accordance with RBI guidelines.

The useful lives of the groups of fixed assets
are given below.

Asset   Useful life
Premises   60 years
Lease assets and improvement to leasehold properties   60 years or lease period whichever is lower
ATMs 1,2   5 - 8 years
Plant and Machinery 1 (including office equipment)   3 - 10 years
Electric installation and equipments   3 - 15 years
Computers   3 - 5 years
Servers and network equipment 1   3 - 10 years
Furniture and fixtures 1   5 - 10 years
Motor vehicles 1   5 years
Others (including software) 1,3   3 - 5 years

1.   The useful life of fixed assets is based on historical experience of the Group, which is different from
the useful life as prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013.

2.   Cash acceptor machine

3.   Excludes software, which are procured based on licensing arrangements and depreciated over the period
of license.

4.   Assets at residences of Bank’s employees are depreciated over the estimated useful life of 5 years.

Non-banking assets

Non-banking assets (NBAs) acquired in satisfaction
of claims are valued at the market value on a distress sale basis or value of loan, whichever is lower. Further, the Bank creates provision
on these assets as per the extant RBI guidelines or specific RBI directions.

6.   Translation of foreign currency items

The consolidated financial statements of the Group
are reported in Indian rupees (Rs.), the national currency of India. Foreign currency income and expenditure items of domestic operations
are translated at the exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. Income and expenditure items of integral foreign operations
(representative offices) are translated at daily closing rates, and income and expenditure items of non-integral foreign branches and
offshore banking units are translated at quarterly average rates and foreign subsidiaries are translated at year to date average rate.

Monetary foreign currency assets and liabilities
of domestic and integral foreign operations are translated at closing exchange rates notified by Foreign Exchange Dealers’ Association
of India (FEDAI) relevant to the balance sheet date and the resulting gains/losses are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Both monetary and non-monetary foreign currency
assets and liabilities of non-integral foreign operations are translated at relevant closing exchange rates notified by FEDAI at the balance
sheet date and the resulting gains/losses from exchange differences are accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve until
the disposal of the net investment in the non-integral foreign operations. Pursuant to RBI guideline, the Bank does not recognise the
cumulative/proportionate amount of such exchange differences as income or expenses, which relate to repatriation of accumulated retained
earnings from overseas operations, in the profit and loss account.

F-
40

Contingent liabilities on account of guarantees,
endorsements and other obligations denominated in foreign currencies are disclosed at the closing exchange rates notified by FEDAI relevant
to the balance sheet date.

7.   Foreign exchange and derivative contracts

Derivative transactions comprises of forward contracts,
futures, swaps and options. The Group undertakes derivative transactions for trading and hedging balance sheet assets and liabilities.

The forward exchange contracts that are not intended
for trading and are entered into to establish the amount of reporting currency required or available at the settlement date of a transaction
are effectively valued at closing spot rate. The premium or discount arising on inception of such forward exchange contracts is amortised
over the life of the contract as interest income/expense. All other outstanding forward exchange contracts are revalued based on the exchange
rates notified by FEDAI for specified maturities and at interpolated rates for contracts of interim maturities. The contracts of longer
maturities where exchange rates are not notified by FEDAI are revalued based on the forward exchange rates implied by the swap curves
in respective currencies. The resultant gains or losses are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The swap contracts entered to hedge on-balance
sheet assets and liabilities are structured such that they bear an opposite and offsetting impact with the underlying on-balance sheet
items. The impact of such derivative instruments is correlated with the movement of underlying assets and liabilities and accounted pursuant
to the principles of hedge accounting. The Group identifies the hedged item (asset or liability) at the inception of the transaction itself.
Hedge effectiveness is ascertained at the time of the inception of the hedge and periodically thereafter. Based on RBI circular issued
on June 26, 2019, the accounting of hedge relationships established after June 26, 2019 is in accordance with the Guidance note on Accounting
for Derivative Contracts issued by ICAI. The swaps under hedge relationships established prior to that date are accounted for on an accrual
basis and are not marked to market unless their underlying transaction is marked-to-market. Gains or losses arising from hedge ineffectiveness,
if any, are recognised in the profit and loss account except in the case of the Bank’s overseas banking subsidiaries.

In overseas subsidiaries, in case of fair value
hedge, the hedging transactions and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) are measured at fair value with changes recognised in
the profit and loss account and in case of cash flow hedges, changes in the fair value of effective portion of the cash flow hedge are
taken to ‘Revenue and other reserves’ and ineffective portion, if any, are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The derivative contracts entered into for trading
purposes are marked to market and the resulting gain or loss is accounted for in the profit and loss account. Marked to market values
of such derivatives are classified as assets when the fair value is positive or as liabilities when the fair value is negative. Premium
for Foreign currency/ Indian rupees option transaction is recognised as income/expense on expiry or early termination of the transaction.
Mark to market gain/loss (adjusted for premium received/paid on options contracts) is recorded in the profit and loss account. The gain
or loss arising on unwinding or termination of the contracts, is accounted for in the Profit and Loss account. Currency futures contracts
are marked to market using daily settlement price on a trading day, which is the closing price of the respective futures contracts on
that day. Pursuant to RBI guidelines, any receivables under derivative contracts which remain overdue for more than 90 days and mark-to-market
gains on other derivative contracts with the same counter-parties are reversed through the profit and loss account.

8.   Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS) and Employee Stock Unit Scheme (ESUS)

The following entities within the Group have granted
stock options/units to their employees:

·   ICICI Bank Limited

F-
41

·   ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

·   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

·   ICICI Securities Limited (till FY2025)

The Employees Stock Option Scheme 2000 (Option
Scheme) of the Bank provides for grant of options on the Bank’s equity shares to wholetime directors and employees of the Bank and
its subsidiaries. The options granted vest in a graded manner and may be exercised within a specified period.

The Employees Stock Unit Scheme - 2022 (Unit Scheme)
provides for grant of units at face value to the eligible employees of the Bank and its subsidiaries. The units granted vest in a graded
manner and as per vesting criteria and may be exercised within a specified period.

The Bank uses Black-Scholes model to fair value
the options/units on the grant date and the inputs used in the valuation model include assumptions such as the expected life of the share
option/units, volatility, risk free rate and dividend yield.

For stock options granted prior to March 31, 2021,
the Bank recognised cost of stock options granted under Employee Stock Option Scheme, using intrinsic value method. Under Intrinsic value
method, options cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair market price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on the
grant date.

Pursuant to RBI clarification dated August 30,
2021, the cost of stock options/units granted after March 31, 2021 is recognised based on fair value method. The cost of stock options/units
granted up to March 31, 2021 continues to be recognised on intrinsic value method.

The cost of stock options/units is recognised
in the profit and loss account over the vesting period.

In case of modification/cancellations and replacements
of options/units already granted, the Bank measures the incremental fair value of options/units as a difference between the fair value
of modified options/units and that of the original options/units both measured on the modification date and recognises the same over the
remaining vesting period.

On exercise of the stock options/units, corresponding
balance in Employee Stock Options/Units Outstanding is transferred to Securities Premium. In respect of the options/units lapses, the
corresponding balance in Employee Stock Options/Units Outstanding is transferred to General Reserve.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited,
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited have also formulated similar stock options/units schemes
for their employees for grant of equity shares of their respective companies. The intrinsic value method is followed by ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited to account for their stock-based employee compensation
plans. Compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair market price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on
the grant date and amortised over the vesting period. The fair market price is the closing price on the stock exchange with the highest
trading volume of the underlying shares of the Bank, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited, immediately prior to the grant date.

F-
42

9.   Employee benefits

Gratuity

The Group pays gratuity, a defined benefit plan,
to employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service and in case of employees at overseas locations
as per the rules in force in the respective countries. The Group makes contribution to recognised trusts which administer the funds on
their own account or through insurance companies.

Actuarial valuation of the gratuity liability
is determined by an independent actuary appointed by the Group. Actuarial valuation of gratuity liability is determined based on certain
assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected unit credit method. The actuarial
gains or losses arising during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Superannuation Fund and National Pension Scheme

The Bank has a superannuation fund, a defined
contribution plan, which is administered by trustees and managed by insurance companies. The Bank contributes maximum 15.0% of the total
annual basic salary for certain employees to superannuation funds. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Prudential Asset
Management Company Limited, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited and ICICI Investment Management
Company Limited have accounted for superannuation liability based on a percentage of basic salary payable to eligible employees for the
period of service.

The Group contributes up to 10.0% of the total
basic salary of certain employees to National Pension Scheme (NPS), a defined contribution plan, which is managed and administered by
pension fund management companies. The employees are given an option to receive the amount in cash in lieu of such contributions along
with their monthly salary during their employment.

The amounts so contributed/paid by the Group to
the superannuation fund and NPS or to employees during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account. The Group has no liability
towards future benefits under superannuation fund and national pension scheme other than its annual contribution.

Pension

The Bank provides for pension, a defined benefit
plan covering eligible employees of erstwhile Bank of Madura, erstwhile Sangli Bank and erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan. The Bank makes contribution
to a trust which administers the funds on its own account or through insurance companies. The plan provides for pension payment including
dearness relief on a monthly basis to these employees on their retirement based on the respective employee’s years of service with
the Bank and applicable salary.

Actuarial valuation of the pension liability is
determined by an independent actuary appointed by the Bank. Actuarial valuation of pension liability is calculated based on certain assumptions
regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected unit credit method.

The actuarial gains or losses arising during the
year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Employees covered by the pension plan are not
eligible for employer’s contribution under the provident fund plan.

F-
43

Provident fund

The Group is statutorily required to maintain
a provident fund, a defined benefit plan, as a part of retirement benefits to its employees. Each employee contributes a certain percentage
of his or her basic salary and the Group contributes an equal amount for eligible employees. The Group makes contribution as required
by The Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 to Employees’ Pension Scheme administered by the
Regional Provident Fund Commissioner and the balance contributions are transferred to funds administered by trustees. The funds are invested
according to the rules prescribed by the Government of India. The Group recognises such contribution as an expense in the year in which
it is incurred.

Interest payable on provident fund should not
be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by the Central Government under the Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous
Provisions Act, 1952. Actuarial valuation for the interest obligation on the provident fund balances is determined by an actuary appointed
by the Group.

The actuarial gains or losses arising during the
year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The overseas branches of the Bank and its eligible
employees contribute a certain percentage of their salary towards respective government schemes as per local regulatory guidelines. The
contribution made by the overseas branches is recognised in profit and loss account at the time of contribution.

Compensated absences

The Group provides for compensated absences based
on actuarial valuation conducted by an independent actuary.

10.   Income taxes

Income tax expense is the aggregate amount of
current tax and deferred tax expense incurred by the Group. The current tax expense and deferred tax expense is determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and as per Accounting Standard 22 - Accounting for Taxes on Income respectively. Deferred
tax adjustments comprise changes in the deferred tax assets or liabilities during the year and change in tax rate.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised
by considering the impact of timing differences between taxable income and accounting income for the current year and carry forward losses.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance
sheet date. The impact of changes in the deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognised in the profit and loss account. In accordance
with paragraph 2A of AS 22, the Group has neither recognised nor disclosed deferred tax assets or liabilities in respect of Pillar Two
income taxes.

Deferred tax assets are recognised and re-assessed
at each reporting date, based upon the management’s judgement as to whether their realisation is considered as reasonably certain.
However, in case of domestic companies, where there is unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward loss under taxation laws, deferred tax
assets are recognised only if there is virtual certainty of realisation of such assets.

In the consolidated financial statements, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are computed at an individual entity level and aggregated for consolidated reporting.

F-
44

Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) credit is recognised
as an asset to the extent there is convincing evidence that the Group will pay normal income tax during specified period, i.e., the period
for which MAT credit is allowed to be carried forward as per prevailing provisions of the Income Tax Act 1961. In accordance with the
recommendation contained in the guidance note issued by ICAI, MAT credit is to be recognised as an asset in the year in which it becomes
eligible for set off against normal income tax. The Group reviews MAT credit entitlements at each balance sheet date and writes down the
carrying amount to the extent there is no longer convincing evidence to the effect that the Group will pay normal income tax during the
specified period.

11.   Impairment of assets

The immovable fixed assets are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An asset is treated
as impaired when its carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The impairment is recognised by debiting the profit and loss account
and is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the impaired assets exceeds their recoverable value. The Bank and its housing
finance subsidiary follows revaluation model of accounting for its premises and the recoverable amount of the revalued assets is considered
to be close to its revalued amount. Accordingly, separate assessment for impairment of premises is not required.

For assets other than premises, the Group assesses
at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. Impairment loss, if any, is provided in the
profit and loss account to the extent the carrying amount of assets exceeds their estimated recoverable amount.

12.   Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets

The Group estimates the probability of any loss
that might be incurred on outcome of contingencies on the basis of information available up to the date on which the consolidated financial
statements are prepared. A provision is recognised when an enterprise has a present obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable
that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. Provisions
are determined based on management estimates of amounts required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date, supplemented by experience
of similar transactions. These are reviewed at each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current management estimates. In cases
where the available information indicates that the loss on the contingency is reasonably possible but the amount of loss cannot be reasonably
estimated, a disclosure to this effect is made in the consolidated financial statements. In case of remote possibility, neither provision
nor disclosure is made in the consolidated financial statements. The Group does not account for or disclose contingent assets, if any.

The Bank estimates the probability of redemption
of customer loyalty reward points using an actuarial method by employing an independent actuary and accordingly makes provision for these
reward points. Actuarial valuation is determined based on certain assumptions regarding mortality rate, discount rate, cancellation rate
and redemption rate.

13.   Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing
the net profit or loss after tax for the year attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding
for the year.

Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential
dilution that could occur if contracts to issue equity shares were exercised or converted during the year. Diluted earnings per equity
share is computed using the weighted average number of equity shares and dilutive potential equity shares issued by the Group outstanding
during the year, except where the results are anti-dilutive.

F-
45

14.   Share issue expenses

Share issue expenses are deducted from Securities
Premium Account in terms of Section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013.

15.   Bullion transaction

The Bank deals in bullion business on a consignment
basis. The bullion is priced to the customers based on the price quoted by the supplier. The difference between price recovered from customers
and cost of bullion is accounted for as commission at the time of sales to the customers. The Bank also deals in bullion on a borrowing
and lending basis and the interest expense/income is accounted on accrual basis.

16.   Lease transactions

Lease payments including cost escalations for
assets taken on operating lease are recognised as an expense in the profit and loss account over the lease term on straight line basis.
The leases of property, plant and equipment, where substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership are transferred to the Bank
are classified as finance lease. Minimum lease payments under finance lease are apportioned between the finance costs and outstanding
liability.

17.   Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand,
rupee digital currency, foreign currency notes, balances with RBI, balances with other banks and money at call and short notice.

18.   Segment Reporting

The disclosure related to segment information
is in accordance with AS-17, Segment Reporting and as per guidelines issued by RBI.

19.   Corporate Social Responsibility

Expenditure towards corporate social responsibility,
in accordance with Companies Act, 2013, is recognised in the Profit and Loss Account.

20.   Claims and benefits paid

In the case of general insurance business, claims
incurred comprise claims paid, estimated liability for outstanding claims made following a loss occurrence reported and estimated liability
for claims incurred but not reported (IBNR) and claims incurred but not enough reported (IBNER). Further, claims incurred also include
specific claim settlement costs such as survey/legal fees and other directly attributable costs. Claims (net of amounts receivable from
re-insurers/co-insurers) are recognised on the date of intimation based on internal management estimates or on estimates from surveyors/insured
in the respective revenue account. Estimated liability for outstanding claims at the balance sheet date is recorded net of claims recoverable
from/payable to co-insurers/re-insurers and salvage to the extent there is certainty of realisation and includes provision for solatium
fund. Salvaged stock is recognised at estimated net realisable value based on independent valuer’s report. Estimated liability for
outstanding claim is determined by the management on the basis of ultimate amounts likely to be paid on each claim based on the past experience
and in cases where claim payment period exceeds four years based on actuarial valuation. These estimates are progressively revalidated
on availability of further information. Claims IBNR represent that amount of

F-
46

claims that may have been incurred during the
accounting period but have not been reported or claimed. The claims IBNR provision also includes provision, if any, required for claims
that have been incurred but are not enough reported (IBNER). The provision for claims IBNR/claims IBNER is based on an actuarial estimate
duly certified by the Appointed Actuary of the entity. The actuarial estimate is derived in accordance with relevant IRDAI regulations
and Guidance Note GN 21 issued by the Institute of Actuaries of India.

In the case of life insurance business, benefits
paid comprise policy benefits and claim settlement costs, if any. Death and rider claims are accounted for on receipt of intimation. Survival,
maturity and annuity benefits are accounted when due. Withdrawals and surrenders under non linked policies are accounted on the receipt
of intimation. Amount payable on lapsed/discontinued policies are accounted for on expiry of lock-in-period of these policies. Surrenders,
withdrawals and lapsation are disclosed at net of charges recoverable. Claim settlement cost, legal and other fees form part of claim
cost wherever applicable. Reinsurance claims receivable are accounted for in the period in which the claim is intimated and are netted
off against benefits paid. Repudiated claims and other claims disputed before the judicial authorities are provided for on prudent basis
as considered appropriate by the management.

21.   Liability for life policies in force

In the case of life insurance business, the actuarial
liabilities for life policies in force and policies where premiums are discontinued but a liability exists as at the valuation date, are
calculated in accordance with accepted actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, as amended from time to time, and regulations
notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, relevant Guidance Notes and Actuarial Practice Standards of the
Institute of Actuaries of India and regulations notified by International Financial Services Centres Authority for business sourced through
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, IFSC Insurance Office (Gandhinagar).

22.   Reserve for unexpired risk

Reserve for unexpired risk is recognised net of
re-insurance ceded and represents premium written that is attributable to and is to be allocated to succeeding accounting periods. For
fire, marine cargo and miscellaneous business it is calculated on a daily pro-rata basis, except in the case of marine hull business which
is computed at 100.00% of net premium written on all unexpired policies at balance sheet date.

23.   Actuarial method and valuation

In the case of life insurance business, the actuarial
liability on both participating and non-participating policies is calculated using the gross premium method, using assumptions for interest,
mortality, morbidity, expense and inflation, and in the case of participating policies, future bonuses together with allowance for taxation
and allocation of profits to shareholders. These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates at the date of valuation with allowances
for adverse deviations.

The liability for the unexpired portion of the
risk for the non-unit liabilities of linked business and attached riders is the higher of liability calculated using discounted cash flows
and unearned premium reserves.

An unexpired risk reserve and a reserve in respect
of claims incurred but not reported is held for contracts wherein there is a possibility of lag in intimation of claims.

The unit liability in respect of linked business
is the value of the units standing to the credit of policyholders, using the Net Asset Value (NAV) prevailing at the valuation date.

F-
47

Mortality rates used are based on the published
“Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-2014) Ult.” mortality table for assurances and “Indian Individual Annuitant’s
Mortality Table (2012-15)” table for annuities, adjusted to reflect expected experience. Morbidity rates used are based on CIBT
93 table, adjusted for expected experience, or on risk rates supplied by reinsurers.

Expenses are provided for at least at current
levels, in respect of renewal expenses, with no allowance for future improvements.

24.   Acquisition costs for insurance business

Acquisition costs are those costs that vary with
and are primarily related to the acquisition of new and renewal of insurance contracts and are expensed in the period in which they are
incurred.

F-
48

SCHEDULE 18: NOTES FORMING PART OF THE ACCOUNTS

The following additional disclosures have been
made taking into account the requirements of Accounting Standards (AS) and Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guidelines.

1.   Earnings per share

Basic and diluted earnings per equity share are
computed in accordance with AS 20 - Earnings per share. Basic earnings per equity share is computed by dividing net profit/(loss) after
tax by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per equity share is computed using the
weighted average number of equity shares and weighted average number of dilutive potential equity shares outstanding during the year.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the computation of earnings per share.

	 Rs. in million,
except per share data

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Net profit/(loss) attributable to equity shareholders used in computation of Basic EPS   542,077.0   510,292.0
Less: Dilution impact of options granted by subsidiary and associate companies   (237.9)   (418.0)
Net profit/(loss) attributable to equity shareholders used in computation of Diluted EPS   541,839.1   509,874.0
Nominal value per share (Rs.)   2.00   2.00
Basic earnings per share (Rs.)   75.89   72.41
Effect of potential equity shares (Rs.)   (1.12)   (1.27)
Diluted earnings per share (Rs.) 1   74.77   71.14
Reconciliation between weighted shares used in computation of basic and diluted earnings per share
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding used in computation of Basic EPS   7,142,831,136   7,047,535,896
Add: Effect of potential equity shares   104,051,422   119,746,543
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding used in computation of Diluted EPS   7,246,882,558   7,167,282,439

1.   The dilutive impact is due to options/units granted to employees by the Group.

F-
49

2.   Related party transactions

The Group has transactions with its
related parties comprising associates/other related entities, key management personnel and relatives of key management personnel.

I.   Related parties

Associates/other related entities

Name of the entity   Nature of relationship
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   Associate
FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) 1   Associate
India Advantage Fund III 2   Associate
India Advantage Fund IV 2   Associate
India Infradebt Limited   Associate
NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited 1   Associate
Comm Trade Services Limited 3   Other related entity
ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   Other related entity
Cheryl Advisory Private Limited   Enterprises over which KMP/relatives of KMP have control/significant influence
FactoryOS Private Limited 4   Enterprises over which KMP/relatives of KMP have control/significant influence
Chamunda Diamonds 5   Enterprises over which KMP/relatives of KMP have control/significant influence
GENEZEN 6   Enterprises over which KMP/relatives of KMP have control/significant influence
Procedium Strategy LLP 4   Enterprises over which KMP/relatives of KMP have control/significant influence

1.   During Q1-2026, FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant
Services Private Limited) and NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited ceased to be related parties of the Bank.

2.   During Q2-2026, India Advantage Fund III & India Advantage Fund IV ceased to
be related parties of the Bank.

3.   During Q1-2025, Comm Trade Services Limited ceased to be a related party of the
Bank.

4.   From Q4-2025, Procedium Strategy LLP and FactoryOS Private Limited are considered
as related parties of the Bank.

5.   From Q1-2025, Chamunda Diamonds is considered as a related party of the Bank.

6.   From Q1-2026, GENEZEN is considered as a related party of the Bank.

F-
50

Key Management Personnel

Name of Key Management Personnel   Relative of Key Management Personnel
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   Ms. Aishwarya Shivam Bakhshi
Mr. Ashwin Pradhan
Ms. Esha Bakhshi
Ms. Minal Bakhshi
Ms. Mona Bakhshi
Ms. Radhika Bakhshi
Mr. Ritwik Thakurta
Mr. Sameer Bakhshi
Mr. Shivam Bakhshi
Mr. Sandeep Batra   Ms. Arushi Batra
Mr. Pranav Batra
Mr. Sarthak Shah
Ms. Veena Batra
Mr. Vivek Batra
Mr. Rakesh Jha   Ms. Aparna Ahuja
Ms. Apoorva Jha Bansal
Mr. Narendra Kumar Jha
Mr. Navin Ahuja
Late Ms. Pushpa Jha
Mr. Rajesh Jha
Mr. Sachchit Jha
Ms. Sanjali Jha
Mr. Sharad Bansal
Ms. Swati Jha
Mr. Ajay Gupta   Mr. Akhil Gupta
Mr. Aneesh Gupta
Ms. Aparna Gupta
Mr. Ashok Gupta
Ms. Madhu Gupta
Ms. Maitri Sanjay Thakker
Ms. Rita Agarwal
Ms. Shabnam Gupta
Ms. Shanti Gupta
Shyam Lall Gupta HUF
Mr. Vinay Gupta

F-
51

II.   Transactions with related parties

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the significant transactions between the Group and its related parties.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Interest income   427.4   645.4
Associates/others   425.7   643.4
Key management personnel   1.7   2.0
Income from services rendered   56.2   329.8
Associates/others   54.1   327.8
Key management personnel   2.0   1.9
Relatives of key management personnel   0.1   0.1
Dividend income   106.5   106.5
Associates/others   106.5   106.5
Income from shared services   13.6   27.1
Associates/others   13.6   27.1
Insurance premium received   28.2   25.8
Associates/others   21.6   19.9
Key management personnel   0.7   0.4
Relatives of key management personnel   5.9   5.5
Interest expense   89.6   115.4
Associates/others   48.6   83.9
Key management personnel   28.3   21.6
Relatives of key management personnel   12.7   9.9
Expenses for services received   345.5   1,193.4
Associates/others   345.5   1,193.4
Expenses for shared services and other payments   1.7   2.1
Key management personnel   1.7   2.1
Insurance claims, surrenders and annuities paid   25.6   4.3
Associates/others   25.0   3.7
Key management personnel   0.6   0.6
CSR expenses   11,371.7   9,093.9
Associates/others   11,371.7   9,093.9
Remuneration to wholetime directors 2   382.6   365.1
Key management personnel   382.6   365.1
Value Of ESOPs Exercised   769.4   476.6
Key management personnel   769.4   476.6
Dividend paid   22.8   21.8
Associates/others   0.0   ..

F-
52

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Key management personnel   15.8   14.1
Relatives of key management personnel   7.0   7.7
Volume of fixed deposits accepted   1,744.4   17,281.1
Associates/others   1,091.9   16,881.7
Key management personnel   562.7   309.5
Relatives of key management personnel   89.8   89.9
Capital Infusion   17.5   5.8
Associates/others   17.5   5.8
Investments in the securities issued by related parties   18,670.2   27,497.3
Associates/others   18,670.2   27,497.3
Redemption/buyback of investments by related parties   2,842.1   328.2
Associates/others   2,842.1   328.2
Sale of Loan   3,569.1   ..
Associates/others   3,569.1   ..
Purchases of fixed assets   1.0   2.7
Associates/others   1.0   2.7
Forex/swaps/derivatives and forwards transactions entered (notional value)   72.5   763.7
Associates/others   72.5   763.7
Guarantees/letters of credit given by the Group during the period   2,014.7   140.3
Associates/others   2,014.7   140.3

1.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

2.   Excludes the perquisite value on employee stock options exercised and includes
performance bonus paid during the period.

III.   Material transactions with related parties

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the material transactions between the Group and its related parties. A specific related party transaction is disclosed
as a material related party transaction wherever it exceeds 10% of all related party transactions in that category.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Interest income
India Infradebt Limited   417.2   633.6
Income from services rendered
FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)   35.0   276.8

F-
53

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
India Infradebt Limited   14.1   50.0
Dividend income
India Infradebt Limited   106.5   106.5
Income from shared services
ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   13.5   27.0
Insurance premium received
ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   18.2   14.7
India Infradebt Limited   3.2   2.8
Aparna Gupta   5.0   5.0
Interest expense
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   44.9   20.7
FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)   0.1   29.3
ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   0.4   18.3
NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited   3.2   15.6
Rakesh Jha   24.9   16.8
Expenses for services received
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   167.9   142.8
FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)   177.6   1,050.6
Expenses for shared services and other payments
Ajay Gupta   0.4   0.8
Rakesh Jha   0.5   0.6
Sandeep Batra   0.8   0.7
Insurance claims, surrenders and annuities paid
ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   25.0   3.7
Sandeep Bakhshi   0.5   0.5
CSR expenses
ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   11,371.7   9,093.9
Remuneration to wholetime directors
Ajay Gupta   87.6   79.7
Rakesh Jha   93.4   89.6
Sandeep Bakhshi   106.2   104.5
Sandeep Batra   95.4   91.3
Value of ESOPs exercised
Ajay Gupta   30.2   41.6
Rakesh Jha   214.8   99.8
Sandeep Bakhshi   284.6   213.8
Sandeep Batra   239.9   121.4

F-
54

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Dividend paid
Ajay Gupta   5.5   5.9
Rakesh Jha   0.6   0.6
Sandeep Bakhshi   3.3   4.1
Sandeep Batra   6.3   3.5
Shivam Bakhshi   2.7   4.1
Volume of fixed deposits accepted
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   1,059.9   412.8
FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)   ..   16,255.0
Rakesh Jha   460.7   172.1
Capital Infusion
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   17.5   5.8
Investments in the securities issued by related parties
India Infradebt Limited   18,670.2   27,497.3
Redemption/buyback of investments by related parties
India Advantage Fund III   61.5   142.9
India Advantage Fund IV   80.6   185.3
India Infradebt Limited   2,700.0   ..
Sale of Loan
India Infradebt Limited   3,569.1   ..
Purchases of fixed assets
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   1.0   2.7
Forex/swaps/derivatives and forwards transactions entered (notional value)
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   72.5   116.4
FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)   ..   647.4
Guarantees/letters of credit given by the Group
ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   2,013.1   140.3

1. 0.0 represents insignificant amount.

IV.   Related party outstanding balances

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the balances payable to/receivable from related parties.

Rs. in million

Particulars   At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
Deposits accepted   4,443.4   2,068.4

F-
55

Particulars   At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
Associates/others   3,350.2   1,385.0
Key management personnel   879.9   496.5
Relatives of key management personnel   213.3   186.9
Investments of related parties in the Group   11.7   9.2
Associates/others   0.0   ..
Key management personnel   5.4   2.9
Relatives of key management personnel   6.3   6.3
Payables   3,834.1   5,103.7
Associates/others   3,833.3   5,102.4
Key management personnel   0.2   0.2
Relatives of key management personnel   0.6   1.1
Investments of the Group   13,479.3   12,735.1
Associates/others   13,479.3   12,735.1
Advances by the Group   144.3   119.6
Associates/others   101.7   72.9
Key management personnel   40.0   45.4
Relatives of key management personnel   2.6   1.3
Receivables   198.2   221.0
Associates/others   198.2   221.0
Key management personnel   ..   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   0.0
Guarantees issued by the Group   2,013.1   197.7
Associates/others   2,013.1   197.7

1. 0.0 represents insignificant amount.

F-
56

V.   Related party maximum balances

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the maximum balances payable to/receivable from related parties.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Deposits accepted
Key management personnel   879.9   727.3
Relatives of key management personnel   243.4   197.1
Investments of related parties in the Group
Key management personnel   5.4   3.1
Relatives of key management personnel   6.3   6.3
Payables
Key management personnel   0.2   0.2
Relatives of key management personnel   1.0   1.5
Advances by the Group
Key management personnel   99.7   68.9
Relatives of key management personnel   3.7   6.9
Receivables
Key management personnel   0.1   0.1
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   0.0

1.   Maximum balance of ‘Payables’, ‘Receivables’ and ‘Investments
of related parties in the Group’ is determined based on comparison of the total outstanding balances at each quarter end during
the financial year.

2.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

F-
57

3.   Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS)/ Employees Stock Unit Scheme (ESUS)

ICICI Bank:

In terms of the ESOS, as amended, the maximum
number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.05% of the issued equity shares of the Bank
at the time of grant of the options and aggregate of all such options granted to the eligible employees shall not exceed 10.0% of the
aggregate number of the issued equity shares of the Bank on the date(s) of the grant of options in line with SEBI Regulations. Under the
stock option scheme, eligible employees are entitled to apply for equity shares. In April 2016, exercise period was modified from 10 years
from the date of grant or five years from the date of vesting, whichever is later, to 10 years from the date of vesting. In June 2017,
exercise period was further modified to not exceed 10 years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board Governance,
Remuneration & Nomination Committee to be applicable for future grants. In May 2018, exercise period was further modified to not exceed
5 years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee to be
applicable for future grants.

Options granted after March 2014 vested in a graded
manner over a three-year period with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 12 months from the
date of grant other than certain options granted in April 2014 which vested to the extent of 50% on April 30, 2017 and the balance on
April 30, 2018 and option granted in September 2015 which vested to the extent of 50% on April 30, 2018 and balance 50% vested on April
30, 2019.

Options granted prior to March 2014 vested in
a graded manner over a four-year period, with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of the grants vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 12
months from the date of grant.

The exercise price of the Bank’s options,
is the last closing price on the stock exchange, which recorded highest trading volume preceding the date of grant of options.

In terms of ESUS, the maximum number of units
granted to any eligible employee shall not exceed 20,000 units in any financial year and 0.14% of the total units available for grant
over a period of seven years from the date of approval of the unit scheme by the shareholders.

Units granted under the Scheme 2022 shall vest
not later than the maximum vesting period of four years. Exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares of the Bank i.e. Rs.
2 for each unit (as adjusted for any changes in capital structure of the Bank).

Units granted under the scheme vest in a graded
manner over a three-year period with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 13 months from the
date of grant. Exercise period of units is five years from the date of vesting, or such shorter period as may be determined by the Board
Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant.

As per the Scheme of arrangement amongst ICICI
Bank Limited, ICICI Securities Limited (ICICI Securities) and their respective Shareholders (“the Scheme”), the outstanding
Employee Stock Options (Options) and/or Employee Stock Units (Units) as on March 24, 2025 (Record Date), granted by ICICI Securities Limited
to the employees of ICICI Securities Limited and its subsidiaries under the ICICI Securities Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme 2017
and ICICI Securities Limited Employees Stock Unit Scheme 2022 stand cancelled. Fresh Options/Units have been granted by the Bank in line
with the approved swap ratio and the fractional entitlements, if any, arising pursuant to the applicability of the swap ratio has been
rounded off to

F-
58

the nearest higher integer. The exercise price
for Options is adjusted after taking into account the effect of the Swap Ratio.

The weighted average fair value, based on Black-Scholes
model, of options granted during the year ended March 31, 2026, was Rs. 424.14 (year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 444.76) and of units
granted during the year ended March 31, 2026, was Rs. 1,328.15 (year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 1,120.43).

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options granted.

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Risk-free interest rate   5.84% to 6.16%   6.42% to 7.11%
Expected term   3.53 to 5.53 years   3.43 to 5.43 years
Expected volatility   19.70% to 31.13%   18.01% to 33.27%
Expected dividend yield   0.70% to 0.74%   0.65% to 0.83%

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of units granted.

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Risk-free interest rate   5.97% to 6.05%   6.42% to 7.09%
Expected term   1.58 to 3.58 years   1.58 to 3.58 years
Expected volatility   18.39% to 20.84%   16.49% to 24.72%
Expected dividend yield   0.74%   0.72% to 0.74%

Risk free interest rates over the expected term
of the option/units are based on the government securities yield in effect at the time of the grant. The expected term of an option/units
is estimated based on the vesting term as well as expected exercise behavior of the employees who receive the option/units. Expected exercise
behavior is estimated based on the historical stock option exercise pattern of the Bank. Expected volatility during the estimated expected
term of the option/units is based on historical volatility determined based on observed market prices of the Bank's publicly traded equity
shares. Expected dividends during the estimated expected term of the option/units are based on recent dividend activity. The key assumptions
for the year ended March 31, 2025 also includes the key assumptions used for options/units granted to employees of ICICI Securities Limited
in accordance with the Scheme.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the summary of the status of the Bank’s stock option plan.

F-
59

Rs. except number of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   169,866,927   484.94   198,731,466   411.26
Add: Granted during the year   12,833,970   1,356.42   15,964,860 1   1,052.89
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   1,067,490   1,089.07   1,997,001   896.53
Less: Exercised during the year   36,361,312   374.10   42,832,398   335.58
Outstanding at the end of the year   145,272,095   585.24   169,866,927   484.94
Options exercisable   118,612,481   452.02   137,704,023   379.06

1.   FY2025 includes 3.0 million number of options granted to employees of ICICI Securities Limited (including
its subsidiaries) in accordance with the scheme.

The following table sets forth, the summary of
stock options outstanding at March 31, 2026.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (Number of years)
60-199   189,815   152.99   0.07
200-399   66,583,017   266.41   2.16
400-599   22,767,056   510.21   1.75
600-799   17,758,652   743.57   3.24
800-999   13,134,220   896.39   4.15
1000-1199   12,312,785   1,111.19   5.18
1200-1399   12,521,550   1,355.13   6.15
1400-1599   5,000   1,418.70   6.40

The following table sets forth, the summary of
stock options outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out ofoptions   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (Number of years)
60-199   1,188,860   157.91   0.76
200-399   88,958,357   269.18   2.81
400-599   31,580,712   491.68   2.41
600-799   21,218,869   743.79   4.26
800-999   13,937,234   896.55   5.14

F-
60

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number
    of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (Number of years)
1000-1200   12,982,895   1,111.98   6.18

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the summary of the status of the Bank’s stock unit plan.

Rs. except number of units

Particulars   Stock units outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Number of units   Weighted average exercise price   Number of units   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   8,032,295   2.00   4,190,810   2.00
Add: Granted during the year   4,231,550   2.00   4,964,420 1   2.00
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   488,308   2.00   371,263   2.00
Less: Exercised during the year   1,823,427   2.00   751,672   2.00
Outstanding at the end of the year   9,952,110   2.00   8,032,295   2.00
Units exercisable   1,357,105   2.00   560,656   2.00

1.   FY2025 includes 0.6 million number of units granted to employees of ICICI Securities Limited (including
its subsidiaries) in accordance with the scheme.

At March 31, 2026, the weighted average remaining
contractual life of stock units outstanding was 5.59 years (at March 31, 2025: 5.90 years).

The options were exercised regularly throughout
the period and weighted average share price as per National Stock Exchange price volume data during the year ended March 31, 2026 was
Rs. 1,392.29 (year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 1,222.88).

F-
61

ICICI Life:

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
has formulated ESOS/ESUS for their employees.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

Rs. except number
of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   24,255,595   450.66   28,450,010   440.61
Add: Granted during the year   4,416,800   553.17   640,100   580.30
Less: Forfeited/lapsed during the year   465,130   518.46   183,430   498.94
Less: Exercised during the year   3,650,897   408.77   4,651,085   405.14
Outstanding at the end of the year   24,556,368   474.04   24,255,595   450.66
Options exercisable   17,446,258   456.59   17,009,763   436.70

The following table sets forth, summary of stock
options outstanding of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2026.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
300-399   2,707,415   379.43   0.30
400-499   12,555,753   438.52   3.15
500-599   9,239,700   549.19   4.63
600-699   53,500   618.73   2.88

The following table sets forth, summary of stock
options outstanding of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2025.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
300-399   4,355,285   379.57   1.25
400-499   14,483,010   436.29   4.09
500-599   5,363,800   545.49   4.37
600-699   53,500   618.73   3.88

F-
62

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the summary of the status of the ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited’s stock unit plan.

Rs. except number of units

Particulars   Stock units outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Number of units   Weighted average exercise price   Number of units   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   1,700,770   10.00   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year   436,560   10.00   1,710,600   10.00
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   122,763   10.00   9,830   10.00
Less: Exercised during the year   349,748   10.00   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   1,664,819   10.00   1,700,770   10.00
Units exercisable   162,695   10.00   3,160   10.00

At March 31, 2026, the weighted average remaining
contractual life of stock units outstanding was 5.42 years (at March 31, 2025: 6.20 years).

F-
63

ICICI General:

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
has formulated ESOS/ESUS for their employees.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Rs. except number of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   12,170,182   1,260.31   14,536,884   1,074.44
Add: Granted during the year   1,557,360   1,718.55   1,241,248   1,648.65
Less: Forfeited/lapsed during the year   311,143   1,281.06   574,248   1,318.47
Less: Exercised during the year   2,663,594   1,189.66   3,033,702   1,152.44
Outstanding at the end of the year   10,752,805   1,343.58   12,170,182   1,260.31
Options exercisable   2,726,996   1,299.46   3,198,284   1,281.98

The following table sets forth, summary of stock
options outstanding of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2026.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
700-800   398,330   715.15   0.80
800-1100   409,155   1,086.85   0.50
1100-1200   2,538,670   1,104.10   4.10
1200-1300   1,006,385   1,235.15   1.10
1300-1400   2,201,258   1,363.10   3.10
1400-1500   1,530,419   1,417.15   2.00
1500-1600   40,000   1,589.70   2.40
1600-1700   1,111,228   1,643.95   4.97
1700-1800   1,517,360   1,718.55   6.10

F-
64

The following table sets forth, summary of stock
options outstanding of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2025.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
700-800   682,320   715.15   2.10
800-1100   790,580   1,086.85   1.00
1100-1200   3,344,997   1,104.10   5.10
1200-1300   1,360,800   1,235.15   2.10
1300-1400   2,823,860   1,363.10   4.10
1400-1500   1,949,107   1,417.15   3.00
1500-1600   40,000   1,589.70   3.40
1600-1700   1,178,518   1,643.95   6.00

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the summary of the status of the ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited’s stock unit plan.

Rs. except number of units

Particulars   Stock units outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Number of units   Weighted average exercise price   Number of units   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   579,491   10.00   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year   787,080   10.00   603,624   10.00
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   148,028   10.00   24,133   10.00
Less: Exercised during the year   111,398   10.00   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   1,107,145   10.00   579,491   10.00
Units exercisable   173,442   10.00   ..   ..

At March 31, 2026, the weighted average remaining
contractual life of stock units outstanding was 5.70 years (at March 31, 2025: 6.10 years).

F-
65

ICICI Securities:

ICICI Securities Limited has formulated ESOS and
ESUS 2022 for their employees.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Securities Limited.

Rs. except number of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   ..   ..   6,060,085   462.58
Add: Granted during the year   ..   ..   1,507,800   712.35
Less: Forfeited/lapsed during the year   ..   ..   1,381,345   582.59
Less: Exercised during the year   ..   ..   1,768,340   428.72
Less: Cancelled during the year   ..   ..   4,418,200   523.81
Outstanding at the end of the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Options exercisable   ..   ..   ..   ..

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, a summary of the status of the stock unit plan of ICICI Securities Limited.

Rs. except number of options

Particulars   Stock units outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Number of units   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of units   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   ..   ..   708,220   5.00
Add: Granted during the year   ..   ..   505,660   5.00
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   ..   ..   165,582   5.00
Less: Exercised during the year   ..   ..   125,471   5.00
Less: Cancelled during the year   ..   ..   922,827   5.00

F-
66

Particulars   Stock units outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Number of units   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of units   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)
Outstanding at the end of the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Units exercisable   ..   ..   ..   ..

As per the Scheme of Arrangement amongst ICICI
Bank Limited, ICICI Securities Limited and their respective Shareholders (“the Scheme”), the outstanding Employee Stock Options
(Options) and/or Employee Stock Units (Units) as on March 24, 2025 (Record Date), granted by ICICI Securities Limited to the employees
of ICICI Securities Limited and its subsidiaries under the ICICI Securities Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme 2017 and ICICI Securities
Limited Employees Stock Unit Scheme 2022 stand cancelled. Fresh Options/Units have been granted by the Bank in line with the approved
swap ratio and the fractional entitlements, if any, arising pursuant to the applicability of the swap ratio has been rounded off to the
nearest higher integer. The exercise price for Options is adjusted after taking into account the effect of the Swap Ratio.

F-
67

4.

 Fixed assets

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the movement in software acquired by the Group, as included in fixed assets.

Rs. in million

Particulars   At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
Adjusted gross block at March 31   58,126.6   51,219.2
Additions during the year   12,574.2   9,709.0
Deductions during the year   (729.4)   (2,801.6)
Gross block- closing   69,971.4   58,126.6
Depreciation to date   (50,273.8)   (41,972.4)
Net block   19,697.6   16,154.2

5.

Assets on lease

5.1

Assets
taken under operating lease

Operating leases primarily comprise office premises
which are renewable at the option of the Group.

(i) The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the details of liability for premises taken on non-cancellable operating leases.

Rs. in million

Particulars   At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
Not later than one year   1,301.1   1,522.2
Later than one year and not later than five years   902.8   2,643.5
Later than five years   49.5   2,130.2
Total   2,253.4   6,295.9

(ii) Total of non-cancellable lease payments recognised
in the profit and loss account for the year ended March 31, 2026 is Rs. 1,905.1 million (year ended March 31, 2025 Rs. 1,651.5 million).

5.2       Assets
taken under finance lease

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the details of assets taken on finance leases.

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
A. Total minimum lease payments outstanding
Not later than one year   513.0   318.8
Later than one year and not later than five years   1,631.4   884.8
Later than five years   599.2   354.3
Total   2,743.6   1,557.9
B. Interest cost payable
Not later than one year   172.7   88.3
Later than one year and not later than five years   416.0   189.9

F-
68

Later than five years   42.0   26.8
Total   630.7   305.0
C. Present value of minimum lease payments payable (A-B)
Not later than one year   340.3   230.5
Later than one year and not later than five years   1,215.4   694.9
Later than five years   557.2   327.5
Total   2,112.9   1,252.9

6.   Provisions and contingencies

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the break-up of provisions and contingencies included in the profit and loss account.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Provision for depreciation/ (appreciation) of investments   (6,059.6)   8,001.1
Provision towards non-performing and other assets 1   62,768.2   41,272.5
Provision towards income tax
a) Current 2   187,095.7   174,971.7
b) Deferred   6,743.6   9,376.6
Other provisions and contingencies 3,4   (320.2)   (215.8)
Total provisions and contingencies   250,227.7   233,405.9

1.   Includes provision of the Group towards NPA amounting to Rs. 53,429.1 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 43,800.0
million).

2.   The current tax expense in respect of Pillar 2 income taxes for the year ended March 31, 2026 is Rs. 1,091.8
million.

3.   No contingency provision was made by the Bank during the year ended March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: Nil).

4.   Includes general provision made towards standard assets, provision made on fixed assets acquired under
debt-asset swap and non-fund based facilities.

The Group has assessed its obligations arising
in the normal course of business, including pending litigations, proceedings pending with tax authorities and other contracts including
derivative and long-term contracts. In accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standard - 29 on ‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities
and Contingent Assets’, the Group recognises a provision for material foreseeable losses when it has a present obligation as a result
of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in respect of which a reliable
estimate can be made. In cases where the available information indicates that the loss on the contingency is reasonably possible or the
amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, a disclosure to this effect is made as contingent liabilities in the financial statements.
The Group does not expect the outcome of these proceedings to have a materially adverse effect on its financial results. For insurance
contracts booked in its life insurance subsidiary, reliance has been placed on the Appointed Actuary for actuarial valuation of ‘liabilities
for policies in force’. The Appointed Actuary has confirmed that the assumptions used in valuation of liabilities for policies
in force are in accordance with the guidelines and norms issued by the IRDAI and the Institute of Actuaries of India in concurrence with
the IRDAI.

F-
69

7.

 Description of contingent liabilities

The following table
describes the nature of contingent liabilities of the Group.

Sr. no.   Contingent liability   Brief Description
1.   Claims against the Group, not acknowledged as debts   This item represents demands made in certain tax and legal matters against the Group in the normal course of business and customer claims arising in fraud cases. In accordance with the Group’s accounting policy and AS 29, the Group has reviewed and classified these items as possible obligations based on legal opinion/judicial precedents/assessment by the Group.
2.   Liability for partly paid investments   This item represents amounts remaining unpaid towards liability for partly paid investments. These payment obligations of the Group do not have any profit/loss impact.
3.   Liability on account of outstanding forward exchange contracts   The Group enters into foreign exchange contracts in the normal course of its business, to exchange currencies at a pre-fixed price at a future date. This item represents the notional principal amount of such contracts. With respect to the transactions entered into with its customers, the Group generally enters into off-setting transactions in the inter-bank market. This results in generation of a higher number of outstanding transactions, and hence a large value of gross notional principal of the portfolio, while the net market risk is lower.
4.   Guarantees given on behalf of constituents, acceptances, endorsements and other obligations   This item represents the guarantees and documentary credits issued by the Group in favour of third parties on behalf of its customers, as part of its trade finance banking activities with a view to augment the customers’ credit standing. Through these instruments, the Group undertakes to make payments for its customers’ obligations, either directly or in case the customers fail to fulfill their financial or performance obligations.
5.   Currency swaps, interest rate swaps, currency options and interest rate futures   This item represents the notional principal amount of various derivative instruments which the Group undertakes in its normal course of business. The Group offers these products to its customers to enable them to transfer, modify or reduce their foreign exchange and interest rate risks. The Group also undertakes these contracts to manage its own interest rate and foreign exchange positions. With respect to the transactions entered into with its customers, the Group generally enters into off-setting transactions in the inter-bank market. This results in generation of a higher number of outstanding transactions, and hence a large value of gross notional principal of the portfolio, while the net market risk is lower.
6.   Other items for which the Group is contingently liable   Other items for which the Group is contingently liable primarily include the amount of government securities bought/sold and remaining to be settled on the date of financial statements. This also includes amount transferred to RBI under the Depositor Education and Awareness Funds, commitment towards contribution to venture fund, the amount that the Group is obligated to pay under capital contracts and letter of undertaking and indemnity letters. Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature which have been committed.

F-
70

8.

 Employee benefits

Pension

The following tables set forth, for
the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other details for
pension benefits.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Opening obligations   19,366.5   17,919.9
Service cost   73.0   82.1
Interest cost   1,253.3   1,268.1
Actuarial (gain)/loss   (1,578.1)   1,371.2
Past service cost   ..   ..
Liabilities extinguished on settlement   (1,050.9)   (1,225.9)
Benefits paid   (37.9)   (48.9)
Obligations at the end of year   18,025.9   19,366.5
Opening plan assets, at fair value   18,429.9   17,921.5
Expected return on plan assets   1,363.5   1,329.9
Actuarial gain/(loss)   (705.3)   273.7
Assets distributed on settlement   (1,236.3)   (1,442.2)
Contributions   1,310.6   395.9
Benefits paid   (37.9)   (48.9)
Closing plan assets, at fair value   19,124.5   18,429.9
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year   19,124.5   18,429.9
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (18,025.9)   (19,366.5)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in Para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   (276.4)   ..
Asset/(liability)   822.2   (936.6)
Cost 2
Service cost   73.0   82.1
Interest cost   1,253.3   1,268.1
Expected return on plan assets   (1,363.5)   (1,329.9)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   (872.8)   1,097.5
Past service cost   ..   ..
Curtailments & settlements (gain)/loss   185.4   216.3
Effect of the limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’   276.4   ..
Net cost   (448.2)   1,334.1
Actual return on plan assets   658.2   1,603.6
Expected employer’s contribution next year   400.0   400.0
Investment details of plan assets

F-
71

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025

Government of India securities   45.75%   44.20%
Corporate bonds   38.65%   42.10%
Equity securities in listed companies   9.95%   10.05%
Others   5.65%   3.65%
Assumptions
Discount rate   7.15%   6.60%
Salary escalation rate:
On Basic pay   1.50%   1.50%
On Dearness relief   8.00%   8.00%
Estimated rate of return on plan assets   7.50%   7.50%

1.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule- 16 Operating
expenses.

Estimated rate of return on plan assets is based
on the expected average long-term rate of return on investments of the Fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

Experience adjustment

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Fair value of plan assets   19,124.5   18,429.9   17,921.5   18,190.2   19,843.3
Defined benefit obligations   (18,025.9)   (19,366.5)   (17,919.9)   (18,429.1)   (18,661.0)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   (276.4)   ..   ..   ..   (401.9)
Surplus/(deficit)   822.2   (936.6)   1.6   (238.9)   780.4
Experience adjustment on plan assets   (705.3)   273.7   439.5   (682.0)   (331.9)
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   (421.2)   (56.5)   (227.0)   805.8   809.0

Gratuity

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other details for
gratuity benefits of the Group.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Opening obligations   27,821.3   23,420.9

F-
72

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Add: Adjustment for exchange fluctuation on opening obligation   14.5   3.6
Adjusted obligations   27,835.8   23,424.5
Service cost   3,232.3   2,419.6
Interest cost   2,039.5   1,732.8
Actuarial (gain)/loss   895.2   2,142.7
Past service cost   3,047.0   0.0
Liability transferred from/to other companies   26.4   (0.1)
Benefits paid   (2,169.7)   (1,898.2)
Obligations at the end of the year   34,906.5   27,821.3
Opening plan assets, at fair value   26,091.7   22,948.5
Expected return on plan assets   1,923.7   1,641.3
Actuarial gain/(loss)   (1,418.9)   639.6
Contributions   6,448.2   2,686.1
Assets transferred from/to other companies   26.9   1.3
Benefits paid   (2,111.7)   (1,825.1)
Closing plan assets, at fair value   30,959.9   26,091.7
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year   30,959.9   26,091.7
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (34,906.5)   (27,821.3)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..
Unrecognised Past Service Cost   1,331.8   ..
Asset/(liability)   (2,614.7)   (1,729.6)
Cost 1
Service cost   3,232.3   2,419.6
Interest cost   2,039.5   1,732.8
Expected return on plan assets   (1,923.7)   (1,641.3)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   2,314.1   1,503.2
Past service cost   1,751.1   0.0
Exchange fluctuation loss/(gain)   14.5   3.6
Effect of the limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’   ..   ..
Net cost   7,391.8   4,017.9
Actual return on plan assets   504.8   2,280.9
Expected employer’s contribution next year   4,692.5   2,010.9

F-
73

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Investment details of plan assets
Insurer managed funds   22.37%   22.06%
Government of India securities   24.68%   30.22%
Corporate bonds   39.48%   33.34%
Equity   12.50%   13.26%
Others   0.97%   1.13%
Assumptions
Discount rate   6.15%-7.75%   6.55%-6.92%
Salary escalation rate   5.69%-10.00%   5.92%-10.00%
Estimated rate of return on plan assets   7.00%-8.00%   7.00%-7.50%

1.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule-
16 Operating expenses.

Estimated rate of return on plan assets
is based on the expected average long-term rate of return on investments of the Fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

Experience adjustment

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Fair value of plan assets   30,959.9   26,091.7   22,948.5   17,061.6   16,738.3
Defined benefit obligations   (34,906.5)   (27,821.3)   (23,420.9)   (18,896.8)   (16,895.1)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Surplus/(deficit)   (3,946.6)   (1,729.6)   (472.4)   (1,835.2)   (156.8)
Experience adjustment on plan assets   (1,418.9)   639.6   870.5   (577.3)   (33.1)
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   1,626.6   960.4   1,211.4   869.4   464.7

The estimates of future salary increases,
considered in actuarial valuation, take into consideration inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors.

F-
74

Provident Fund (PF)

The Group has made provision of Rs.
1,927.7 million for the year ended March 31, 2026 towards interest rate guarantee on exempt provident fund on the basis of actuarial valuation
(year ended March 31, 2025: Nil).

The following tables set forth, for
the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other details for
provident fund of the Group.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Opening obligations   75,020.6   65,020.0
Service cost   3,841.4   3,585.7
Interest cost   5,065.1   4,817.0
Actuarial (gain)/loss   919.7   1,313.5
Employees contribution   6,070.4   5,946.7
Liability transferred from/to other companies   738.1   991.8
Benefits paid   (7,075.3)   (6,654.1)
Obligations at end of the year   84,580.0   75,020.6
Opening plan assets, at fair value   76,883.3   66,637.2
Expected return on plan assets   5,914.1   5,326.4
Actuarial gain/(loss)   (3,403.5)   1,049.7
Employer contributions   3,841.4   3,585.7
Employees contributions   6,070.4   5,946.7
Assets transfer from/to other companies   738.1   991.7
Benefits paid   (7,075.3)   (6,654.1)
Closing plan assets, at fair value   82,968.5   76,883.3
Plan assets at the end of the year   82,968.5   76,883.3
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (84,580.0)   (75,020.6)
Amount not recognised as an asset (Limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’) 1   (316.2)   (1,862.7)
Asset/(liability)   (1,927.7)   ..
Cost 2
Service cost   3,841.4   3,585.7
Interest cost   5,065.1   4,817.0
Expected return on plan assets   (5,914.1)   (5,326.4)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   4,323.3   263.9
Effect of limit in para 59(b) 1   (1,546.5)   245.5
Net cost   5,769.2   3,585.7

F-
75

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Actual return on plan assets   2,510.6   6,376.1
Expected employer's contribution next year   4,146.8   3,870.9
Investment details of plan assets
Government of India securities   56.20%   55.94%
Corporate Bonds   31.85%   32.23%
Special deposit scheme   0.65%   0.70%
Others   11.30%   11.13%
Assumptions
Discount rate   6.40%-7.20%   6.55%-6.60%
Expected rate of return on assets   6.85%-7.70%   7.64%-7.78%
Discount rate for the remaining term to maturity of investments   7.19%-7.35%   6.70%-6.85%
Average historic yield on the investment   7.69%-7.80%   7.74%-8.08%
Guaranteed rate of return   8.25%   8.25%

1.   Pursuant to revised Guidance Note 29 on “Valuation of Interest Rate Guarantees
on Exempt Provident Funds under AS 15 (Revised)” issued by the Institute of Actuaries of India on February 16, 2022, plan assets
held by the PF Trust have been fair valued. The amount represents the fair value gain on plan assets.

2.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule-
16 Operating expenses.

F-
76

Experience adjustment

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Fair value of plan assets   82,968.5   76,883.3   66,637.2   56,128.1   50,656.3
Defined benefit obligations   (84,580.0)   (75,020.6)   (65,020.0)   (55,367.7)   (49,411.5)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’) 1   (316.2)   (1,862.7)   (1,617.2)   (760.4)   (1,244.8)
Surplus/(deficit)   (1,927.7)   ..   ..   ..   ..
Experience adjustment on plan assets   (3,403.5)   1,049.7   1,400.7   (432.8)   415.1
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   367.3   465.2   445.6   753.2   (684.8)

1. Pursuant
to revised Guidance Note 29 on “Valuation of Interest Rate Guarantees on Exempt Provident Funds under AS 15 (Revised)” issued
by ‘Institute of Actuaries of India on February 16, 2022, plan assets held by PF Trust have been fair valued. The amount represents
the fair value gain on plan assets.

The Group has contributed Rs. 7,256.4
million to provident fund including Government of India managed employees provident fund for the year ended March 31, 2026 (year ended
March 31, 2025: Rs. 7,288.0 million), which includes compulsory contribution made towards employee pension scheme under Employees Provident
Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952.

Superannuation Fund

The Group has contributed Rs. 392.4 million for
the year ended March 31, 2026 (year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 374.0 million) to Superannuation Fund for employees who had opted for the
scheme.

National Pension Scheme (NPS)

The Group has contributed Rs. 802.2
million for the year ended March 31, 2026 (year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 606.3 million) to NPS for employees who had opted for the scheme.

F-
77

Compensated absence

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, movement in provision for compensated absence.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Total actuarial liability   7,290.8   6,560.0
Cost 1   2,057.0   2,433.3
Assumptions
Discount rate   6.15%-7.75%   6.50%-6.92%
Salary escalation rate   5.69%-10.00%   5.92%-10.00%

1.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule- 16 Operating
expenses.

9.

Provision for income tax

The provision for income tax (including deferred
tax) for the year ended March 31, 2026 amounted to Rs. 193,839.3 million (year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 184,348.3 million).

The Group has a comprehensive system of maintenance
of information and documents required by transfer pricing legislation under sections 92-92F of the Income Tax Act, 1961. The management
is of the opinion that all transactions with international related parties are primarily at arm's length so that the above legislation
does not have material impact on the financial statements.

F-
78

10.   Deferred tax

At March 31, 2026, the Group has recorded
net deferred tax asset of Rs. 42,621.3 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 48,410.0 million), which has been included in other assets.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the break-up of deferred tax assets and liabilities into major items.

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
Deferred tax assets
Provision for bad and doubtful debts   94,065.3   94,353.2
Provision for operating expenses   4,141.4   3,451.7
Provision/MTM on investment   4,658.7   4,453.4
Provision for expense allowed on payment basis   5,323.5   5,150.5
Unexpired risk reserve   84.5   548.7
Foreign currency translation reserve 1   2,928.9   542.8
Others 2   2,401.3   1,710.7
Total deferred tax assets   113,603.6   110,211.0
Deferred tax liabilities
Special reserve deduction   61,931.7   53,457.4
Provision/MTM on investment   1,587.5   1,470.0
Depreciation on fixed assets   6,379.6   5,889.5
Interest on refund of taxes 1   695.1   625.0
Others   388.4   359.1
Total deferred tax liabilities   70,982.3   61,801.0
Total net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)   42,621.3   48,410.0

1.   These items are considered in accordance with the requirements of Income Computation
and Disclosure Standards (ICDS).

2.   Includes deferred tax assets created primarily on operating loss, lease rentals
and interest on credit impaired loans.

3.   Deferred tax liability was created by the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding
insurance subsidiaries) created on change in fair value of investments on account of implementation of the Master Direction – Classification,
Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Direction), 2023. The deferred tax liability on account of transition
gain was accounted through reserves.

11. Information
about business and geographical segments

A.

Business Segments

The Bank prepares consolidated financial statements
in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Master Direction on Financial Statements - Presentation and Disclosures and Accounting
Standards as prescribed by ICAI. The consolidated segmental report includes the performance of defined segments of ICICI Bank, subsidiaries
and associates.

F-
79

i.   Retail banking includes exposures of the Bank which satisfy the four criteria of orientation, product,
granularity and low value of individual exposures for retail exposures as per RBI guidelines. This segment also includes income from credit
cards, debit cards, third party product distribution and the associated costs.

ii.   Wholesale banking includes all advances to trusts, partnership firms, companies and statutory bodies,
by the Bank which are not included under Retail banking.

iii.   Treasury primarily includes the entire investment and derivative portfolio of the Bank.

iv.   Other banking includes leasing operations and other items not attributable to any particular business
segment of the Bank. Further, it includes the Bank’s banking subsidiaries i.e. ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank Canada.

v.   Life insurance represents results of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

vi.   General insurance represents results of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

vii.   Others includes ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited,
ICICI International Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., ICICI
Securities Inc., ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Prudential Trust Limited, ICICI Investment Management Company
Limited, ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited, ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited and I-Process Services (India) Limited.

viii.   Unallocated includes items such as tax paid in advance net of provision, deferred tax and provisions
to the extent reckoned at the entity level.

Income, expenses, assets and liabilities
are either specifically identified with individual segments or are allocated to segments on a systematic basis.

All liabilities of the Bank are transfer
priced to a central treasury unit, which pools all funds and lends to the business units at appropriate rates based on the relevant maturity
of assets being funded after adjusting for regulatory reserve requirements.

The transfer pricing mechanism of the
Bank is periodically reviewed. The segment results are determined based on the transfer pricing mechanism prevailing for the respective
reporting periods.

The results of reported segments for
the year ended March 31, 2026 are not comparable with that of reported segments for the year ended March 31, 2025 to the extent new entities
have been consolidated and entities that have been discontinued from consolidation.

F-
80

The following table sets forth, the business segment
results for the year ended March 31, 2026.

Rs. in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Revenue   1,623,942.0   878,472.8   1,384,303.6   75,167.3   654,720.5   288,906.1   199,701.3   (1,984,030.0)   3,121,183.6
2   Segment results 1   232,442.3   244,889.8   172,509.4   17,027.3   18,076.8   36,589.7   83,784.2   (34,746.2)   770,573.3
3   Unallocated expenses   ..
4   Share of profit from associates   2,628.5
5   Operating profit (2) – (3)+(4) 1   773,201.8
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   193,839.3
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   579,362.5
Other information
8   Segment assets   8,788,482.7   6,785,744.2   7,624,787.6   1,107,160.7   3,189,653.2   755,151.3   1,035,258.2   (183,879.5)   29,102,358.4
9   Unallocated assets   42,621.3
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   29,144,979.7
11   Segment liabilities   12,203,393.4   6,447,058.5   4,858,434.9 3   680,960.2 3   3,197,520.4 3   761,109.1 3   1,036,918.9 3   (183,879.5) 3   29,001,515.9
12   Unallocated liabilities   143,463.8
13   Total liabilities (11) + (12)   29,144,979.7
14   Capital expenditure   24,108.9   10,700.8   1,430.8   1,202.0   1,929.5   2,624.9   6,217.9   ..   48,214.8
15   Depreciation   16,336.2   7,210.4   1,005.8   711.8   1,444.9   1,647.0   2,270.3   (16.4)   30,610.0

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
81

The following table sets forth, the business segment
results for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rs. in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Revenue   1,561,846.8   824,362.1   1,350,423.1   75,083.2   602,242.4   256,510.9   188,326.5   (1,912,925.6)   2,945,869.4
2   Segment results 1   216,210.4   215,646.3   187,503.2   14,511.9   13,364.3   33,212.9   74,230.8   (26,144.3)   728,535.5
3   Unallocated expenses   ..
4   Share of profit from associates   1,506.6
5   Operating profit (2) – (3)+(4) 1   730,042.1
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   184,348.3
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   545,693.8
Other information
8   Segment assets   7,929,301.9   5,482,698.2   7,227,332.6   1,025,594.7   3,140,885.4   685,617.4   1,029,682.0   (154,037.2)   26,367,075.0
9   Unallocated assets   55,339.1
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   26,422,414.1
11   Segment liabilities   11,119,662.2   5,559,973.9   4,306,765.4 3   595,655.2 3   3,142,401.4 3   690,202.5 3   1,030,790.7 3   (154,037.2) 3   26,291,414.1
12   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
13   Total liabilities (11) + (12)   26,422,414.1
14   Capital expenditure   27,062.6   11,779.3   2,054.9   2,449.5   2,808.5   2,631.7   4,057.8   ..   52,844.3
15   Depreciation   14,068.8   5,983.3   1,005.0   672.2   1,333.8   1,244.1   1,982.4   (16.4)   26,273.2

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
82

B.

 Geographical segments

The Group reports its operations
under the following geographical segments.

·   Domestic operations comprise branches and subsidiaries/joint ventures in
India.

·   Foreign operations comprise branches and subsidiaries/joint ventures outside
India and offshore banking units in India.

The Group conducts transactions
with its customers on a global basis in accordance with their business requirements, which may span across various geographies.

The following
tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the geographical segment results.

Rs. in million

Revenue   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Domestic operations 1   3,048,239.1   2,869,925.8
Foreign operations   75,573.0   77,450.2
Total   3,123,812.1   2,947,376.0

1.   Includes share of profit from associates of Rs. 2,628.5 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 1,506.6 million).

Rs. in million

Assets   At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
Domestic operations   27,413,668.0   24,976,014.2
Foreign operations   1,688,690.4   1,391,060.8
Total   29,102,358.4   26,367,075.0

1.   Segment assets do not include tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net) and deferred tax assets
(net).

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, capital expenditure and depreciation thereon for the geographical segments.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Capital expenditure incurred during the   Depreciation provided during the
Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Domestic operations   47,084.4   51,073.8   30,152.1   25,953.4
Foreign operations   1,130.4   1,770.5   457.9   319.8
Total   48,214.8   52,844.3   30,610.0   26,273.2

F-
83

12.

 Penalties/fines imposed by banking regulatory bodies

During the year ended March 31, 2026, RBI imposed
a penalty of Rs. 9.8 million on April 29, 2025 for non-compliance with certain directions issued by RBI on ‘Cyber Security Framework
in Banks’, ‘Know Your Customer (KYC)’, and ‘Credit Card and Debit Card – Issuance and Conduct, during statutory
inspection for supervisory evaluation (ISE 2023) of the Bank and Rs. 7.5 million on August 7, 2025 for non-compliance with certain directions
issued by RBI on ‘Valuation of Properties - Empanelment of Valuers’ and ‘Opening of Current Accounts by Banks –
Need for discipline. During the year ended March 31, 2025, RBI imposed a penalty of Rs. 10.0 million on May 27, 2024 based on the deficiency
observed in regulatory compliance with the Banking Regulation Act, during statutory inspection for supervisory evaluation (ISE 2022) of
the Bank.

There was no penalty imposed by overseas banking
regulatory bodies during year ended March 31, 2026 (year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 3.4 million).

13.

Additional information to consolidated accounts

Additional information to consolidated accounts
at March 31, 2026 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
Parent
ICICI Bank Limited   92.9%   3,373,714.2   92.5%   501,466.4
Subsidiaries
Indian
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   0.6%   21,574.4   0.8%   4,472.0
ICICI Securities Limited   1.7%   61,777.0   3.1%   16,981.2
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   1.4%   49,120.8   1.2%   6,611.9
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   0.0%   13.3   0.0%   1.9
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   0.0%   440.7   0.0%   53.6
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   0.1%   2,391.6   0.3%   1,487.7
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   3.8%   136,294.7   3.0%   16,003.9
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   4.4%   160,714.2   5.1%   27,719.8
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   0.0%   28.9   0.0%   11.2
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   1.2%   42,218.7   6.1%   32,986.0

F-
84

Rs. in million

Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited   0.0%   730.6   (0.0) %   (94.2)
I-Process Services (India) Limited   0.0%   996.0   0.0%   109.6
Foreign
ICICI Bank UK PLC   0.9%   33,930.3   0.4%   2,232.1
ICICI Bank Canada   0.9%   33,317.7   0.3%   1,533.6
ICICI International Limited   0.0%   251.8   0.0%   55.9
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.   0.0%   133.3   0.0%   2.5
ICICI Securities Inc.   0.0%   519.6   0.0%   81.4
Other consolidated entities
Indian
ICICI Strategic Investments Fund 3   ..   ..   0.0%   55.1
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Minority Interests   (4.5)%   (165,109.8)   (6.9)%   (37,285.5)
Associates
Indian
NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited 4   ..   ..   0.0%   0.0
FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) 5   ..   ..   0.0%   0.0
India Infradebt Limited   ..   ..   0.5%   2,598.2
India Advantage Fund III 6   ..   ..   0.0%   0.5
India Advantage Fund IV 6   ..   ..   0.0%   0.9
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   28.8
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Joint Ventures
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Inter-company adjustments   (3.4)%   (122,453.6)   (6.4)%   (35,037.5)
TOTAL   100.0%   3,630,604.2   100.0%   542,077.0

1.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

2.   Total assets minus total liabilities.

3.   On March 25, 2026, ICICI Strategic Investments Fund redeemed all its unit capital and ceased to be consolidated
as per Accounting Standard 21.

F-
85

4.   On June 11, 2025, NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited ceased to be associates
of the Bank.

5.   On April 17, 2025, FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited cease to be associates of the Bank.

6.   On July 03, 2025, India Advantage Fund-III and India Advantage Fund-IV cease to be associates of the Bank.

Additional information to consolidated
accounts at March 31, 2025 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
Parent
ICICI Bank Limited   93.0%   2,920,763.0   92.5%   472,269.9
Subsidiaries
Indian
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   0.6%   20,399.9   1.0%   5,348.6
ICICI Securities Limited 3   1.7%   53,146.4   3.4%   17,492.6
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   1.2%   38,210.6   1.1%   5,564.8
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   0.0%   11.4   0.0%   1.7
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   0.0%   187.1   0.0%   57.7
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   0.1%   2,484.0   0.0%   150.5
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   3.8%   119,413.1   2.3%   11,890.6
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   4.8%   149,838.1   4.9%   25,082.6
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   0.0%   25.2   0.0%   9.1
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   1.1%   35,315.8   5.2%   26,482.5
ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited   0.0%   524.8   (0.0%)   (35.5)
I-Process Services (India) Limited   0.0%   886.4   0.1%   266.7
Foreign
ICICI Bank UK PLC   1.0%   30,082.3   0.4%   2,269.0
ICICI Bank Canada   0.9%   28,951.6   0.9%   4,351.9
ICICI International Limited   0.0%   172.9   0.0%   38.7
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.   0.0%   130.8   (0.0%)   (1.1)
ICICI Securities Inc.   0.0%   434.4   0.0%   32.4
Other consolidated entities
Indian
ICICI Strategic Investments Fund   0.0%   103.3   0.0%   34.0
Foreign

F-
86

Rs. in million

Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Minority Interests   (4.7%)   (148,367.4)   (6.9%)   (35,401.8)
Associates
Indian
NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   21.3
FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) 4   ..   ..   (0.2%)   (813.0)
India Infradebt Limited   ..   ..   0.4%   2,194.6
India Advantage Fund III   ..   ..   0.0%   66.1
India Advantage Fund IV   ..   ..   0.0%   7.7
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   29.9
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Joint Ventures
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Inter-company adjustments   (3.5%)   (113,654.4)   (5.1%)   (27,119.7)
TOTAL   100.0%   3,139,059.1   100.0%   510,292.0

1.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

2.   Total assets minus total liabilities.

3.   On March 24, 2025, ICICI Securities Limited became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank.

4.   The Bank has executed a share purchase agreement for sale of its entire stake in equity shares of FISERV
Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) on March 29, 2025. The share transfer was not completed
by March 31, 2025.

14.

Revaluation of fixed assets

The Bank and its domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries follows the revaluation model for their premises (land and buildings) other than improvements to leasehold
property as per AS 10 – ‘Property, Plant and Equipment’. In accordance with the policy, annual revaluation is carried
out through external valuers, using methodologies such as direct sales comparison method and income capitalisation method and the incremental
amount has been taken to revaluation reserve. The revalued amount at March 31, 2026 was Rs. 65,961.8 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 61,442.7
million) as compared to the historical cost less accumulated depreciation of Rs. 26,360.6 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 23,647.6 million).

The revaluation
reserve is not available for distribution of dividend.

F-
87

15.

 Proposed dividend on equity shares

The Board of Directors at its meeting
held on April 18, 2026 has recommended a dividend of Rs. 12 per equity share for the year ended March 31, 2026 (year ended March 31, 2025:
Rs. 11 per equity share). The declaration and payment of dividend is subject to requisite approvals.

16.

Divergence in asset classification and provisioning for NPAs

In terms of the RBI circular no. DOR.ACC.REC.No.74/21.04.018/2022-23
dated October 11, 2022, banks are required to disclose the divergences in asset classification and provisioning consequent to RBI’s
annual supervisory process in their notes to accounts to the financial statements, wherever either (a) the additional provisioning requirements
assessed by RBI exceed 5% of the reported net profits before provisions and contingencies or (b) the additional gross NPAs identified
by RBI exceed 5% of the published incremental gross NPAs for the reference period, or both. Based on the condition mentioned in RBI circular,
no disclosure on divergence in asset classification and provisioning for NPAs is required with respect to RBI’s supervisory process
for the year ended March 31, 2025 and for the year ended March 31, 2024.

17.

 Disclosure on lending and borrowing activities

The Bank and its subsidiaries, as part of its
normal banking business, grant loans and advances, makes investment, provides guarantees to and accept deposits and borrowings from its
customers, other entities and persons. These transactions are part of Bank’s normal banking business, which is conducted ensuring
adherence to all regulatory requirements

Other than the transactions described above, no
funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by
the Bank and its subsidiaries incorporated in India to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”)
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall lend or invest in party identified by or
on behalf of the Bank and its subsidiaries incorporated in India (Ultimate Beneficiaries). The Bank and its subsidiaries incorporated
in India have also not received any fund from any parties (Funding Party) with the understanding that the Bank and its subsidiaries incorporated
in India shall whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified by or on behalf of the Funding Party
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

18.

Goodwill on consolidation

At March 31, 2026, the Bank has recognised goodwill
on consolidation of subsidiaries of Rs. 105,500.5 million (net-off capital reserve of Rs. 358.5 million); March 31, 2025: Rs. 84,594.3
million (net-off capital reserve of Rs. 358.5 million)

19.

Changes in group structure

I.   Acquisition of additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

F-
88

During Q1-2025, the Bank through stock
exchange mechanism had acquired the additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited (ICICI General) in multiple tranches,
resulting into increase in shareholding by 0.54%. Accordingly, additional goodwill of Rs. 4,360.2 million was recognised on purchase of
additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

II.   De-listing of ICICI Securities Company Limited

The Board of Directors of the Bank on June 29,
2023 approved the draft scheme of arrangement for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities Limited. As per the Scheme of Arrangement
amongst ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Bank Limited and their respective shareholders (the Scheme’), ICICI Securities Limited has
been delisted from stock exchanges on March 24, 2025 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank. The Bank issued 56,008,117 equity
shares of the Bank of face value ₹ 2 each in accordance with the Scheme to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities Limited.
The Bank recognised a securities premium of Rs. 68,876.0 million based on the market price of equity shares of the Bank on effective date
of the Scheme. Further, the Bank recognised a goodwill of Rs. 55,492.5 million in consolidated financial statements at March 31, 2025
on account of acquisition of additional stake in ICICI Securities Limited.

III.   Acquisition of additional Stake in ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited

On December 09, 2025, the Bank has acquired
2.0% additional equity stake in the ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited. Accordingly, additional goodwill of Rs. 20,632.8
million was recognised on purchase of additional stake in ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited.

IV.   Acquisition of additional stake in ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited

The Bank has executed the share purchase
agreement with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited on January 12, 2026 and consequently, the Bank holds 100.0% shareholding
in ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited and it become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank. Accordingly, goodwill of Rs. 631.9 million
was recognised on purchase of stake in ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited.

V.   Redemption of units in ICICI Strategic Investments Fund

On March 25, 2026, ICICI Strategic Investments
Fund redeemed all its unit capital and ceased to be consolidated as per Accounting Standard 21.

F-
89

VI.   Associates

·   On March 29, 2025, the Bank executed a share purchase agreement for sale of its entire shareholding in
the equity shares of FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited. On April 17, 2025, the share transfer was completed and it ceased to be
an associate of the Bank.

·   On June 11, 2025, the Bank executed a share purchase agreement for sale of its entire shareholding in
the equity shares of NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited, consequent to which the share transfer was completed
and it ceased to be an associate of the Bank.

·   On July 03, 2025, all unit capital in India Advantage Fund-III (IAF-III) and India Advantage Fund-IV (IAF-IV)
held by the Bank and subsidiaries had been redeemed and ceased to be associates of the Bank.

20.

Business Transfer Agreement between ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company
Limited

The ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company
Limited has entered into a Business Transfer Agreement (“BTA”) dated September 22, 2025 with ICICI Venture Funds Management
Company Limited, inter alia, for the sale and transfer of the investment management rights relating to identified Category II Alternative
Investment Funds from ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited to ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited. The Parties
have received the requisite approval from the Competition Commission of India vide its letter dated November 25, 2025 and the Securities
and Exchange Board of India vide its letter dated March 02, 2026 in relation to the BTA. Pursuant to receipt of regulatory approval requisite
agreements in this regard have been executed by the ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited. Accordingly, upon successful closing
of the transaction contemplated under the BTA, the ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, inter alia, providing investment
management services to the identified funds with effect from April 1, 2026.

21.

Additional disclosures

Additional statutory information disclosed in
the separate financial statements of the Bank and subsidiaries having no material bearing on the true and fair view on the consolidated
financial statements and the information pertaining to the items which are not material have not been disclosed in the consolidated financial
statements.

22.

Comparative
figures

The consolidated financial statements for the
year ended March 31, 2026 are not comparable with the previous year to the extent new entities have been consolidated, entities discontinued
from consolidation and change in ownership interest.

Figures of the previous year have been re-grouped,
wherever necessary to conform to the current year presentation.

F-
90

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

B. Additional Notes

1.

Reserves

Statutory reserve:
Represents reserve created
as a percentage of the net profit before any other appropriation as required by the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. Every banking company
in India is currently required to transfer not less than 25% of the net profit (before appropriations) to the “statutory reserve”.

Special reserve:
Represents reserve maintained
under the Income Tax Act, 1961 to avail tax benefits.

Securities premium:
 Represents amount of
premium received on issue of share capital, net of expenses incurred on issue of shares.

AFS reserve:
Represents unrealized gains
and losses on investments classified as available for sale, net of tax if any.

Investment fluctuation reserve:
Represents
appropriation of net gains on sale of securities classified as available for sale and fair value through profit and loss account (including
securities classified as held for trading), or net profit after mandatory appropriations to other reserves, whichever is lower, until
the amount of this reserve is at least 2% of securities classified as available for sale and fair value through profit and loss account
(including securities classified as held for trading). Balance in investment fluctuation reserve in excess of 2% of securities classified
as available for sale and fair value through profit and loss account (including securities classified as held for trading) portfolio can
be drawn down and transferred to balance in profit and loss account.

Capital reserve:
Represents amount of gains
on sale of securities classified as held to maturity, gains on sale of equity investments designated as available for sale, gain on sale/reclassification
of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates and gains on sale of land and building classified as banking assets, net
of tax and transfer to statutory reserve.

Capital redemption reserve:
Represents
appropriations made from the surplus profit available for previous years on redemption of preference shares by the Bank, as required under
the Companies Act, 2013.

Foreign currency translation reserve:
Represents
cumulative exchange differences arising from translation of financial statements of non-integral foreign operations. Foreign currency
translation reserve also includes translation differences on the already repatriated retained earnings of non-integral foreign operations
which are not recognized in profit and loss account in accordance with RBI guidelines. As per RBI guidelines, such translation differences
on already repatriated retained earnings can only be recognized in profit and loss account on closure of the non-integral operations.

Revaluation reserve:
Represents reserve
on revaluation of premises carried out by the Group.

Revenue and other reserves:
Represents
reserves other than capital reserves and those separately classified.

Balance
in profit and loss account:
Represents the balance of profit after appropriations.

F-
91

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

2.

Deposits

Deposits include current account
deposits, which are non-interest bearing, savings account deposits and time deposits, which are interest bearing.

The following table sets forth,
the residual contractual maturities of time deposits at March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Deposits maturing during the year ending March 31,
2027   7,333,600.0
2028   2,403,281.2
2029   726,402.8
2030   130,874.6
2031   108,249.7
Thereafter   86,296.5
Total time deposits   10,788,704.8

Total uninsured time deposits
at March 31, 2026 were Rs. 9,713,937.0 million and at March 31, 2025 were Rs. 8,596,700.7 million.

3.

Long-term debt

Long-term debt represents debt
with an original contractual maturity of greater than one year. Maturity distribution is based on residual contractual maturity or the
date at which the debt is callable at the option of the holder, whichever is earlier. A portion of the long-term debt bears a fixed rate
of interest. Interest rates on floating-rate debt are generally linked to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate or similar money market
rates. The segregation between fixed-rate and floating-rate obligations is based on the contractual terms.

The following table sets forth,
a listing of long-term debt at March 31, 2026, by maturity and interest rate profile.

Rupees in million
Fixed
rate obligations   Floating rate obligations   Total
Long-term debt maturing during the year ending March 31,
2027   243,510.7   40,050.6   283,561.3
2028   205,150.1   46,793.2   251,943.3
2029   224,687.5   30,298.5   254,986.0
2030   113,429.4   12,108.5   125,537.9
2031   37,603.2   9,725.3   47,328.5
Thereafter   264,789.3   11,225.7   276,015.0
Total   1,089,170.2   150,201.8   1,239,372.0
Less: Unamortized debt issue costs   (508.5)   (106.9)   (615.4)
Total   1,088,661.7   150,094.9   1,238,756.6

F-
92

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Indian rupee debt

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of major categories of Indian rupee debt.

Rupees in million
Category   At March 31, 2026
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds issued to institutional/individual investors   609,156.7   7.5%   6.1% to 13.1%   4.4
Refinance from financial institutions   330,240.9   6.0%   3.0% to 8.4 %   1.6
Borrowings from other banks   70,843.2   7.0%   6.3% to 7.9%   5.3
Fixed deposits   53,910.0   7.4%   5.8% to 8.7%   2.3
Total   1,064,150.8   7.0%   3.5

Rupees in million
Category   At March 31, 2025
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds issued to institutional/individual investors   570,075.5   7.5%   6.1% to 13.1%   4.7
Refinance from financial institutions   344,067.1   6.8%   3.0% to 8.5%   1.3
Borrowings from other banks   60,491.5   8.0%   7.5% to 8.6%   5.6
Fixed deposits   43,253.3   7.5%   5.6% to 8.7%   2.6
Total   1,017,887.4   7.3%   3.5

Foreign currency debt

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of major categories of foreign currency debt.

Rupees in million
Category   At March 31, 2026
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds   52,157.9   4.1%   3.8% to 7.1%   1.8
Other borrowings   122,447.9   3.0%   0.9% to 5.3%   2.1
Total   174,605.8   3.4%   2.0

1.   Primarily denominated in USD and CAD

F-
93

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million
Category   At March 31, 2025
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds   119,628.8   4.0%   3.7% to 7.1%   1.7
Other borrowings   117,314.0   2.5%   0.6% to 8.0%   1.3
Total   236,942.8   3.3%   1.5

1.   Primarily denominated in USD and CAD

See note on “Schedule
18B-Additional note-19 Selected information from Indian GAAP financials” for assets pledged as securities for borrowings.

4.

Cash and cash equivalents

Banks in India are required
to maintain with Reserve Bank of India, average daily balance of 3% of their net demand and time liabilities by way of cash reserve, for
a fortnight period. The banks are allowed to maintain minimum cash reserve of not less than 90% of the required cash reserve on all days
during the reporting fortnight, in such a manner that the average of cash reserve maintained daily shall not be less than the requirement
prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India.

The Bank’s minimum cash
reserve requirements for the fortnight period of March 31, 2026 were Rs. 513,155.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 605,107.8 million) which
are subject to withdrawal and usage restrictions. Deposits maintained with the Reserve Bank of India were Rs. 513,401.9 million at March
31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: Rs. 627,009.0 million) towards the minimum cash reserve requirements.

Deposits with other banks include
Rs. 211,002.7 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 210,133.0 million) in deposits, which have original maturities greater than 90 days.

5.

Investments

During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Bank has
implemented the Master Direction on Classification, Valuation and Operations of Investment portfolio of Commercial Banks (Direction),
2023 issued on September 12, 2023. The implementation of the master direction resulted in reclassification of the existing investment
portfolio of the Bank as on April 1, 2024 into revised categories of ‘Held to maturity’ (HTM), ‘Available for sale’
(AFS), ‘Fair value through profit and loss account’ (FVTPL) including ‘Held for trading’ (HTM) as sub-category
within FVTPL and ‘Investment in subsidiary, associate and joint venture’ which are carried at cost (Cost). The Bank reclassified
its investment portfolio as per direction on April 1, 2024 and recorded transition adjustments in General Reserve and Available for sale
reserve.

For the purpose of below disclosures, the investments
classified as Held to maturity and Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures at March 31, 2025 under Indian GAAP are
disclosed as part of ‘Held to maturity’ category, investments classified as available for sale at March 31, 2025 under Indian
GAAP are disclosed as part of “Available for sale” category and investments classified as Held for trading and Fair value
through profit and loss account at March 31, 2025 under Indian GAAP are disclosed part of ‘Held for trading’ category.

Further, no change is made in all previous periods
presented as this requires assumptions about management's intent in previous periods which would be not practicable. Accordingly, the
previous period information is not comparable with information as at March 31, 2025. The detailed explanation of changes in
the accounting policy due to implementation of the said master direction is provided in the section ‘2. Investments’ of Schedule
17: Significant Accounting policy.

F-
94

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as held to maturity.

Rupees in million
At
March 31, 2026   At
March 31, 2025
Amortized
cost/cost   Gross
unrealized gain   Gross
unrealized loss   Fair
value   Amortized
cost/cost   Gross
unrealized gain   Gross
unrealized loss   Fair
value
Held to maturity
Corporate debt securities   782,938.1   2,909.1   (7,099.8   )   778,747.4   613,750.5   9,947.3   (1,186.1   )   622,511.7
Government securities   4,316,106.5   39,461.3   (53,462.2   )   4,302,105.4   4,167,081.3   115,004.4   (3,573.8   )   4,278,511.9
Other debt securities 1   76,716.7   ..   (35.5   )   76,681.3   75,860.0   24.8   (0.3   )   75,884.5
Total debt securities   5,175,761.3   42,370.4   (60,597.5   )   5,157,534.1   4,856,691.8   124,976.5   (4,760.2   )   4,976,908.1
Equity shares   18,616.9   ..   ..   18,616.9   16,488.1   ..   ..   16,488.1
Other securities   2,168.4   1,782.6   (12.3   )   3,938.7   2,052.4   1,622.4   (29.5   )   3,645.3
Total   5,196,546.6   44,153.0   (60,609.8   )   5,180,089.7   4,875,232.3   126,598.9   (4,789.7   )   4,997,041.5

1.   Includes certificate of deposit and commercial paper.

2.   Interest accrued on held-to-maturity securities amounted to Rs. 93,560.4 million at March 31, 2026 (March
31, 2025: Rs. 90,317.4 million).

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million
At
March 31, 2026   At
March 31, 2025
Amortized
cost/cost   Gross
unrealized gain   Gross
unrealized loss   Fair
value   Amortized
cost/cost   Gross
unrealized gain   Gross
unrealized loss   Fair
value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   161,770.9   988.6   (1,900.0   )   160,859.5   114,765.2   866.8   (185.0   )   115,447.0
Government securities   460,787.2   2,238.0   (1,099.5   )   461,925.6   620,226.1   4,173.8   (130.9   )   624,269.0
Other debt securities 1   226,714.7   1,147.7   (2,979.6   )   224,882.9   254,107.0   3,702.0   (367.7   )   257,441.3
Total debt securities   849,272.8   4,374.3   (5,979.1   )   847,668.0   989,098.3   8,742.6   (683.6   )   997,157.3
Equity shares   217,101.6   39,924.3   (18,167.8   )   238,858.1   190,125.8   61,031.0   (7,008.9   )   244,147.9
Other securities   17,078.1   290.8   (733.7   )   16,635.2   13,264.2   644.9   (238.5   )   13,670.7
Total   1,083,452.5   44,589.4   (24,880.6   )   1,103,161.3   1,192,488.3   70,418.5   (7,931.0   )   1,254,975.9

1.   Includes pass through certificates, certificate of deposit, commercial paper and banker's acceptance.

2.   Interest accrued on available for sale securities amounted to Rs. 10,859.0 million at March 31, 2026 (March
31, 2025: Rs. 12,237.6 million).

F-
95

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Income from securities available
for sale

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of income from securities classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Interest   62,177.3   76,636.7   86,421.6
Dividend   3,435.6   2,783.9   1,644.8
Total   65,612.9   79,420.6   88,066.4
Gross realized gain   30,546.5   21,969.3   34,847.3
Gross realized loss   (1,944.9   )   (1,566.1   )   (4,090.7   )
Total   28,601.6   20,403.2   30,756.6

Income from securities held
for trading

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of income from securities classified as held for trading.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Interest and dividend   68,880.8   67,096.6   31,690.9
Realized gain/(loss) on sale of trading portfolio   14,306.4   15,433.8   5,877.7
Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio   (12,612.0   )   15,336.1   19.3
Total   70,575.2   97,866.5   37,587.9

Maturity profile of debt
securities

The following table sets forth,
a listing of each category of held to maturity debt securities at March 31, 2026, by maturity.

Rupees in million
Amortized
cost   Fair
value
Corporate debt securities
Less than one year   126,720.0   126,602.1
One to five years   409,339.7   407,772.0
Five to ten years   217,340.9   216,318.7
Greater than ten years   29,537.5   28,054.6
Total corporate debt securities   782,938.1   778,747.4
Government securities
Less than one year   109,514.9   109,807.9
One to five years   1,609,521.9   1,624,955.9
Five to ten years   1,836,060.5   1,840,134.4
Greater than ten years   761,009.2   727,207.2
Total government securities   4,316,106.5   4,302,105.4
Other debt securities
Less than one year   76,716.7   76,681.3
One to five years   ..   ..
Five to ten years   ..   ..
Greater than ten years   ..   ..
Total other debt securities   76,716.7   76,681.3
Total debt securities classified as held to maturity   5,175,761.3   5,157,534.1

F-
96

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
a listing of each category of available for sale debt securities at March 31, 2026, by maturity.

Rupees in million
Amortized
cost   Fair
value
Corporate debt securities
Less than one year   15,673.0   15,664.8
One to five years   117,993.2   117,453.9
Five to ten years   19,476.0   19,761.7
Greater than ten years   8,628.7   7,979.1
Total corporate debt securities   161,770.9   160,859.5
Government securities
Less than one year   190,848.9   191,223.0
One to five years   189,769.2   189,341.0
Five to ten years   80,068.2   81,267.3
Greater than ten years   100.9   94.3
Total Government securities   460,787.2   461,925.6
Other debt securities
Less than one year   118,216.0   118,000.8
One to five years   65,755.0   65,508.9
Five to ten years   17,986.2   17,490.0
Greater than ten years   24,757.5   23,883.2
Total other debt securities   226,714.7   224,882.9
Total debt securities classified as available for sale   849,272.8   847,668.0

Credit rating profile of
held-to-maturity debt securities

The Group considers credit
rating as credit quality indicators for the held-to-maturity debt securities. The credit rating of debt securities is issued by external
credit rating agencies.

The following table sets forth,
held-to-maturity debt securities by external credit rating at March 31, 2026:

Rupees in million
AAA,
AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   A+,
A, A-, 3 A-C   BBB+,
BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Below
investment grade   Unrated   Total
Corporate debt securities   754,072.0   1,413.3   19,504.5   7,948.3   ..   782,938.1
Government securities 1   4,316,106.5   ..   ..   ..   ..   4,316,106.5
Other debt securities   76,716.7   ..   ..   ..   ..   76,716.7
Total Debt securities   5,146,895.2   1,413.3   19,504.5   7,948.3   ..   5,175,761.3

1.   These represent investments in the government securities made by the Group, since these investments carry a moderate to high protection
with regard to timely payment of financial obligations the same have been classified in “AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C. for further
detailed discussion on these rating grades please refer “credit quality indicators” of loans forming part of “7. Loans”
disclosure below.

The following table sets forth,
held-to-maturity debt securities by external credit rating at March 31, 2025:

Rupees in million
AAA,
AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   A+,
A, A-, 3 A-C   BBB+,
BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Below
investment grade   Unrated   Total
Corporate debt securities   586,259.9   2,047.6   17,299.5   8,143.5   ..   613,750.5
Government securities 1   4,167,081.3   ..   ..   ..   ..   4,167,081.3
Other debt securities   75,860.0   ..   ..   ..   ..   75,860.0
Total Debt securities   4,829,201.2   2,047.6   17,299.5   8,143.5   ..   4,856,691.8

1.   These represent investments in the government securities made by the Group, since these investments carry a moderate to high protection
with regard to timely payment of financial obligations the same have been classified in “AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C. for further
detailed discussion on these rating grades please refer “credit quality indicators” of loans forming part of “7. Loans”
disclosure below.

F-
97

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

There were no held-to-maturity debt securities
that were past due (30 days overdue) at year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025. There were no held-to-maturity debt securities that
were overdue for more than 90 days and still accruing at the year ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025.

6.

Repurchase transactions

The Group undertakes repurchase
and reverse repurchase transactions of Government securities and corporate bonds during the year. These transactions are generally of
a short tenure and are undertaken with the Reserve Bank of India, banks and other financial institutions as counterparties.

At March 31, 2026, outstanding
borrowings under repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility and Marginal Standing Facility offered by the Reserve
Bank of India amounted to Rs. 232,673.7 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 288,993.9 million) and the outstanding lending under reverse repurchase
transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility amounted to Rs. 310,208.8 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 72,514.5 million).

During fiscal 2026, average
borrowings under repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility and Marginal Standing Facility amounted to Rs. 430,915.3
million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 426,550.4 million) and average lending under reverse repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment
Facility amounted to Rs. 120,751.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 119,724.8 million).

7.

Loans

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of loans by category.

Rupees in million
At
March 31,
2026   2025
Commercial loans   7,361,071.1   6,163,475.8
Term loans   2,432,555.6   2,053,215.1
Working capital facilities 1   4,928,515.5   4,110,260.7
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   9,259,471.9   8,225,817.9
Mortgage loans   5,184,464.2   4,490,975.6
Other secured loans   2,126,353.8   1,843,913.4
Credit card receivables   548,653.1   587,875.3
Other unsecured loans   1,400,000.8   1,303,053.6
Total gross advances   16,620,543.0   14,389,293.7
Provision for loan losses 2   (173,963.3   )   (182,656.6   )
Total net advances 3   16,446,579.7   14,206,637.1

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

2.   Excludes provision on performing loans.

3.   Interest accrued on loans amounted to Rs. 107,541.8 million at March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: Rs. 106,536.1 million).

Commercial loans

Commercial loans include term
loans and working capital facilities extended to corporate and other business entities, including programme-based loans extended to small
and medium enterprises such as proprietorship firms, partnership firms and private limited companies.

Consumer loans

The Bank’s consumer loan
portfolio includes both secured loans and unsecured loans. Secured consumer loans constitute a significant majority of the Bank’s
total consumer loan portfolio.

F-
98

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Secured consumer loan portfolio

The Bank’s secured loan
portfolio consists of mortgage loans, automobile loans, commercial vehicle loans, jewel loans, farm equipment loans, kisan (farmer) credit
cards and other secured loans.

The Bank’s mortgage loan
portfolio includes home loans made to individuals and business entities and loan against mortgage of property for business or personal
requirement.

The Bank extends kisan (farmer)
credit card facility to farmers for meeting their cost of cultivation and other ancillary expenses.

The Bank provides jewel loans
against gold ornaments and gold coins.

Unsecured consumer loan portfolio

The Bank’s unsecured
loan portfolio includes personal loans, credit cards and other unsecured loans.

Standard restructured loans

A loan is classified as restructuring,
where a concessionary modification such as changes in repayment period, principal amount, repayment installment and rate of interest has
been made by the Group, and downgraded to non-performing. The restructuring of loans in the event of a natural calamity, restructuring
involving deferment of date of commencement of commercial operations for projects under implementation and restructuring for certain medium
and small medium enterprises continue to be classified as standard restructured loans. Further, the Reserve Bank of India through its
guideline on ‘Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress’ dated August 6, 2020, provided a prudential framework to implement
a resolution plan in respect of eligible borrowers and personal loans, while classifying such exposures as standard, subject to specified
conditions.

The loan accounts subjected
to restructuring by the Bank are upgraded to the standard category from standard restructured category if the borrower has demonstrated,
over a minimum period of one year, the ability to repay the loan in accordance with the contractual terms and the borrower has been reinstated
to a normal level of general provisions for standard loans/risk weights for capital adequacy computations. The period of one year is from
the commencement of the first payment of principal or interest whichever was later on the credit facility with the longest period of moratorium
under the restructured terms. The restructured loans, classified as non-performing, can be upgraded only after satisfactory performance
during the ‘specified period’, that is, the date by which at least a certain percentage of the outstanding principal debt
as per the resolution plan and interest capitalization sanctioned as part of the restructuring, if any, is repaid or one year from the
commencement of the first payment of interest or principal on the credit facility with the longest period of moratorium under the terms
of the resolution plan, whichever is later. Further, large restructured accounts (accounts where the aggregate exposure of lenders is
Rs. 1.00 billion and above) qualify for an upgrade if in addition to demonstration of satisfactory payment performance as mentioned above,
the loan is rated at investment grade (BBB- equivalent or better) at the end of the ‘specified period’ by credit rating agencies
accredited by the Reserve Bank of India.

At March 31, 2026, the Group
had committed to lend (including non-fund based facilities) Rs. 1,892.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 1,386.7 million) to borrowers who
are parties to standard restructurings.

F-
99

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the dates indicated, a listing of standard restructured loans.

Rupees in million
At
March 31,
2026   2025
Commercial loans
Term loans   1,024.5   1,846.7
Working capital facilities   825.9   1,262.5
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   15,024.8   18,043.0
Other secured loans   1,194.1   2,240.2
Credit card receivables   67.0   0.2
Other unsecured loans   136.5   205.8
Lease financing   ..   ..
Total gross restructured loans 1   18,272.8   23,598.4
Provision for loan losses 2   (647.4   )   (900.4   )
Total net restructured loans   17,625.4   22,698.0

Represents entire borrower level outstanding of the restructured accounts.

1.   At March 31, 2026, includes loans amounting to Rs. 13,730.3 million restructured under the Reserve Bank
of India guidelines on ‘Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress’ dated August 6, 2020 and May 05, 2021 (March 31,
2025: loans amounting to Rs. 17,987.9 million)

2.   Includes provision due to diminution in the fair value of restructured/rescheduled loans in accordance
with the applicable RBI guidelines.

In addition, the Bank holds
general provision amounting to Rs. 4,765.1 million at March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: Rs. 5,988.9 million) on these restructured accounts.

Non-performing loans

The Bank classifies all credit
exposures at a borrower level, including overdues arising from crystallized derivative contracts, into performing and non-performing loans
as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, an asset is generally classified as non-performing
if any amount of interest or principal remains overdue for more than 90 days (365 days for direct agriculture loans, representing the
crop cycles), in respect of term loans. In respect of overdraft or cash credit, an asset is classified as non-performing if the account
remains out of order for a period of 90 days. An account is treated as ‘out of order’ if the outstanding balance remains continuously
in excess of the sanctioned limit/drawing power for 90 days or where there are no credits continuously for 90 days or credits are not
enough to cover the interest debited during the preceding 90 day period. In respect of bills, an asset is classified as non-performing
if the account remains overdue for more than 90 days. The Bank also identifies non-performing loans based on a review of accounts selected
on the basis of certain criteria, by evaluating additional information (other than that relating to the payment record). Advances held
at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations but which are standard as per the extant Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, are identified as non-performing to the extent of amount outstanding in the host country. In case of the Bank’s
housing finance subsidiary and ICICI Securities Limited, loans and other credit facilities are classified into performing and non-performing
loans as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Further, non-performing loans are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets
based on the criteria stipulated by Reserve Bank of India. Loans in the Bank’s United Kingdom subsidiary are classified as impaired
if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the loan
(a loss event) and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated.
Loans in the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary are considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
the estimated future cash flows of that loan have occurred.

F-
100

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, the nonaccrual status of the loans
for the year ended March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Loans outstanding
At the beginning of the year   At the end of the year   Loans which are overdue for more than 90 days but on accrual status   Loans on non-accrual basis on which no provision is made   Interest income recognized during the year on loans on non-accrual basis 1
Commercial loans
- Term loans   63,994.2   56,404.5   ..   ..   152.8
- Working capital facilities   47,762.1   55,866.2   11.3   ..   1,613.3
Consumer loans
- Mortgage loans   49,310.2   45,449.3   ..   ..   2,241.1
- Other secured loans   54,775.1   55,764.3   36,830.6   ..   1,444.1
- Credit card receivables   11,752.0   8,277.5   ..   ..   114.2
- Other unsecured loans   15,716.5   12,511.1   20.4   ..   596.1
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total gross loans   243,310.1   234,272.9   36,862.3   ..   6,161.6
Provision for loan losses   (181,756.1   )   (173,316.0   )   ..
Total net loans   61,554.0   60,956.9   36,862.3

1.   Refer point 3(i) in Significant Accounting policy above.

The following table sets forth, the nonaccrual status of the loans
for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Loans outstanding
At the beginning of the year   At the end of the year   Loans which are overdue for more than 90 days but on accrual status   Loans on non-accrual basis on which no provision is made   Interest income recognized during the year on loans on non-accrual basis 1
Commercial loans
- Term loans   110,537.2   63,994.2   ..   ..   1,760.2
- Working capital facilities   49,839.2   47,762.1   17.2   ..   2,457.5
Consumer loans
- Mortgage loans   48,749.1   49,310.2   ..   ..   2,224.3
- Other secured loans   46,047.9   54,775.1   46,207.2   ..   544.8
- Credit card receivables   9,841.9   11,752.0   ..   ..   392.4
- Other unsecured loans   14,592.9   15,716.5   13.0   ..   579.4
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total gross loans   279,608.2   243,310.1   46,237.4   ..   7,958.6
Provision for loan losses   (221,249.1   )   (181,756.1   )   ..
Total net loans   58,359.1   61,554.0   46,237.4

1.   Refer point 3(i) in Significant Accounting policy above.

F-
101

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Provision for loan losses

Provisions are generally made
by the Bank on non-performing loans as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of Reserve Bank of
India. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and a general provision against performing loans.

The housing finance subsidiary
of the Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and general provisions against performing loans as per Reserve Bank
of India requirements.

The Bank’s United Kingdom
subsidiary maintains provision for loan losses at a level that management considers adequate to absorb identified credit related losses
as well as losses that have occurred but are not yet identifiable. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary maintains provision for all financial
assets using expected credit loss model. The expected credit loss for impaired financial assets is computed based on individual assessment
of expected cash flows from such assets.

The Bank makes provision on
assets that are restructured/rescheduled subject to minimum requirements as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the movement in the provision for loan losses on standard restructured loans.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   900.4   1,443.2   1,778.6
Provision for loan losses made for new additions during the year   ..   ..   60.8
Increase/(decrease) of provision for existing loan losses during the year   (187.8   )   (435.1   )   (241.9   )
Reduction/write-back of provision on restructured loans due to: Upgrade to standard assets   ..   ..   ..
Downgrade to non-performing assets   (65.2   )   (107.7   )   (154.3   )
Provision for loan losses at the end of the year   647.4   900.4   1,443.2

F-
102

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans
Term loans   Working capital facilities   Mortgage loans   Other secured loans   Credit card receivables   Other unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   62,261.5   34,479.4   25,937.1   36,480.3   9,848.2   12,749.6   ..   ..   181,756.1
Add: Provisions for loan losses   1,848.1   18,589.7   19,941.1   33,315.0   30,936.0   26,318.5   ..   ..   130,948.4
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (2,460.0   )   (6,963.5   )   (5,194.9   )   (17,424.1   )   (30,266.6   )   (23,956.2   )   ..   ..   (86,265.3   )
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (6,430.2   )   (9,238.8   )   (16,270.6   )   (12,912.4   )   (3,568.8   )   (4,702.4   )   ..   ..   (53,123.2   )
A. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing loans   55,219.4   36,866.8   24,412.7   39,458.8   6,948.8   10,409.5   ..   ..   173,316.0
B. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   256.1   858.3   3,879.5   13,242.7   16.8   41.5   ..   208,479.2 1   226,774.1
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year (A) + (B)   55,475.5   37,725.1   28,292.2   52,701.5   6,965.6   10,451.0   ..   208,479.2   400,090.1
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   55,475.5   37,725.1   28,292.2   52,701.5   6,965.6   10,451.0   ..   ..   191,610.9
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   208,479.2   208,479.2
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At March 31, 2026, the Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 131,000.0 million which is included in the above amount and Rs. 77,479.2
million of General provision for standard assets (Refer point V in Schedule 5 – Other Liabilities And Provisions).

F-
103

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth
the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans
Term loans   Working capital facilities   Mortgage loans   Other secured loans   Credit card receivables   Other unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   107,374.8   37,647.1   25,597.8   31,068.7   8,016.4   11,544.3   ..   ..   221,249.1
Add: Provisions for loan losses   3,226.7   12,830.9   22,456.4   35,019.6   33,371.4   30,486.6   ..   ..   137,391.6
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (23,199.5   )   (5,914.2   )   (5,774.7   )   (16,818.1   )   (27,532.2   )   (23,801.3   )   ..   ..   (1,03,040.0   )
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (25,140.5   )   (10,084.4   )   (16,342.4   )   (12,789.9   )   (4,007.4   )   (5,480.0   )   ..   ..   (73,844.6   )
A. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing loans   62,261.5   34,479.4   25,937.1   36,480.3   9,848.2   12,749.6   ..   ..   181,756.1
B. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   2,410.2   986.6   4,207.3   903.8   4.5   72.8   ..   199,748.9 1   208,334.1
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year (A) + (B)   64,671.7   35,466.0   30,144.4   37,384.1   9,852.7   12,822.4   ..   199,748.9   390,090.2
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   64,671.7   35,466.0   30,144.4   37,384.1   9,852.7   12,822.4   ..   ..   190,341.3
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   199,748.9   199,748.9
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At March 31, 2025, the Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 131,000.0 million which is included in
the above amount and Rs. 68,748.9 million of General provision for standard assets (Refer point V in Schedule 5 – Other Liabilities
And Provisions).

F-
104

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans
Term loans   Working capital facilities   Mortgage loans   Other secured loans   Credit card receivables   Other unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   142,443.9   46,732.2   25,653.6   26,719.2   4,717.3   8,240.9   ..   ..   254,507.1
Add: Provisions for loan losses   3,569.4   18,661.6   22,388.4   28,668.3   22,721.1   24,605.6   ..   ..   120,614.4
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (8,766.6   )   (7,656.7   )   (5,978.9   )   (13,086.9   )   (15,735.2   )   (15,072.9   )   ..   ..   (66,297.2   )
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (29,871.9   )   (20,090.0   )   (16,465.3   )   (11,231.9   )   (3,686.8   )   (6,229.3   )   ..   ..   (87,575.2   )
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing loans   107,374.8   37,647.1   25,597.8   31,068.7   8,016.4   11,544.3   ..   ..   221,249.1
B. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   2,458.5   1,359.5   5,624.0   1,594.2   16.3   191.3   ..   192,602.1 1   203,845.9
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year (A) + (B)   109,833.3   39,006.6   31,221.8   32,662.9   8,032.7   11,735.6   ..   192,602.1   425,095.0
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   109,833.3   39,006.6   31,221.8   32,662.9   8,032.7   11,735.6   ..   ..   232,492.9
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   192,602.1   192,602.1
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At March 31, 2024, the Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 131,000.0 million which is included in
the above amount and Rs. 61,602.1 million of General provision for standard assets (Refer point V in Schedule 5 – Other Liabilities
And Provisions).

F-
105

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

While the Group assesses the incremental specific
provisions after taking into consideration the existing specific provision held, the amounts recovered against debts written off in earlier
years and provisions no longer considered necessary in the context of the current status of the borrower are recognized in the profit
and loss account. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary follows IFRS 9 – Financial instruments and measures impairment loss on all
financial assets using expected credit loss model based on a three-stage approach. At March 31, 2026, the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary
classified exposure of Rs. 46,712.8 million as Stage-2 (March 31, 2025: Rs. 74,064.5 million) (financial assets, that are not credit impaired,
but which have experienced significant increase in credit risk since origination), with allowance for expected credit loss of Rs. 333.2
million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 602.1 million) in fiscal 2026.

Aging Analysis of Past Due performing loans

Any amount due under a credit
facility is considered as ‘past due’ if it remains unpaid for more than 30 days from the due date.

The following table sets forth
the aging analysis of past due performing loans at March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Current 1   31
to 60 days   61
to 90 days   Above
90 days 2   Total
past due 3
Commercial loans
Term loans   2,375,104.0   987.1   60.0   ..   1,047.1
Working capital facilities 4   4,861,501.8   8,098.6   3,037.6   11.3   11,147.5
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   5,103,422.5   25,710.0   9,882.4   ..   35,592.4
Other secured loans   2,012,104.0   15,093.3   6,561.6   36,830.6   58,485.5
Credit card receivables   532,997.0   4,412.7   2,965.9   ..   7,378.6
Other unsecured loans   1,379,370.0   5,691.1   2,408.2   20.4   8,119.7
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   16,264,499.3   59,992.8   24,915.7   36,862.3   121,770.8

1.   Loans up to 30 days past due are considered current.

2.   Primarily includes crop related agriculture loans overdue less than 365 days.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and not the
borrower-level outstanding.

4.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

The following table sets forth
the aging analysis of past due performing loans at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Current 1   31
to 60 days   61
to 90 days   Above
90 days 2   Total
past due 3
Commercial loans
Term loans   1,988,165.1   1,012.6   43.2   ..   1,055.8
Working capital facilities 4   4,056,208.1   5,189.0   1,084.3   17.2   6,290.5
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   4,406,749.1   26,168.5   8,747.8   ..   34,916.3
Other secured loans   1,712,518.9   22,247.3   8,164.9   46,207.2   76,619.4
Credit card receivables   565,182.7   6,504.5   4,436.1   ..   10,940.6
Other unsecured loans   1,276,104.8   7,859.2   3,360.1   13.0   11,232.3
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   14,004,928.7   68,981.1   25,836.4   46,237.4   141,054.9

1.   Loans up to 30 days past due are considered current.

2.   Primarily includes crop related agriculture loans overdue less than 365 days.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and not the
borrower-level outstanding.

4.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

F-
106

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Credit quality indicators of loans

The Group has a comprehensive framework for monitoring
credit quality of its commercial loans based on internal ratings and of its consumer loans based on delinquency status. For the majority
of the portfolio, the credit rating of every borrower/portfolio is reviewed at least annually. For the purpose of disclosure, the Group
has used internal ratings and delinquency status as credit quality indicator for commercial loans, for consumer loans the Group has considered
the delinquency status as a credit quality indicator.

The following table sets forth,
a description of internal rating grades linked to the likelihood of default associated with each rating grade:

Grade   Definition
(I) Investment grade   Entities/obligations are judged to offer moderate to high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   Entities/obligations are judged to offer high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
A+, A, A-, 3A-C   Entities/obligations are judged to offer an adequate degree of protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Entities/obligations are judged to offer moderate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
(II) Below investment grade (BB and B, D, 5, 6, 7, 8)   Entities/obligations are judged to offer inadequate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of commercial loans which are assessed based on internal ratings at March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Non-revolving loans originated in
Fiscal 2026   Fiscal 2025   Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Prior to 2022   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Rating grades
Investment grade   1,084,846.0   530,113.2   328,999.4   101,107.0   43,570.4   73,787.7   2,496,640.8   4,659,064.5
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   140,354.3   73,675.6   33,001.6   16,269.6   16,746.8   16,108.1   664,204.3   960,360.3
A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   479,011.6   233,761.1   198,024.3   39,211.3   13,223.8   25,691.9   579,113.7   1,568,037.7
BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   465,480.1   222,676.5   97,973.5   45,626.1   13,599.8   31,987.7   1,253,322.8   2,130,666.5
Below investment grade 1   164.9   377.8   1,207.0   3,348.6   2,403.3   64,519.2   34,479.5   106,500.3
Unrated   1,374.0   283.4   401.5   68.5   27.5   18.3   18,886.7   21,059.9
Total Gross loans   1,086,384.9   530,774.4   330,607.9   104,524.1   46,001.2   138,325.2   2,550,007.0   4,786,624.7
Provisions 2   ..   (23.6   )   (345.7   )   ..   (319.8   )   (54,143.8   )   (12,909.2   )   (67,742.1)
Total net loans   1,086,384.9   530,750.8   330,262.2   104,524.1   45,681.4   84,181.4   2,537,097.8   4,718,882.6
Gross write-offs during Fiscal 2026   ..   ..   496.8   ..   30.8   10,800.4   13,650.5   24,978.5

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, over drafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Also includes provision against restructured loans.

F-
107

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of commercial loans which are assessed based on internal ratings at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Non-revolving loans originated in
Fiscal 2025   Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Prior to 2021   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Rating grades
Investment grade   704,112.1   570,964.3   289,894.4   136,843.7   72,818.9   97,561.7   2,010,818.3   3,883,013.4
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   95,041.4   88,919.8   101,278.4   64,379.7   38,968.5   8,204.0   659,430.2   1,056,222.0
A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   270,209.8   318,293.8   108,356.3   45,004.6   25,019.5   34,059.5   421,123.5   1,222,067.0
BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   338,860.9   163,750.7   80,259.7   27,459.4   8,830.9   55,298.2   930,264.6   1,604,724.4
Below investment grade   278.7   1,632.6   3,729.1   2,015.9   2,164.4   72,839.8   25,617.3   108,277.8
Unrated   868.0   868.7   126.0   4.0   18.7   35.5   3,926.1   5,847.0
Total Gross loans   705,258.8   573,465.6   293,749.5   138,863.6   75,002.0   170,437.0   2,040,361.7   3,997,138.2
Provisions 2   (2.3   )   (710.7   )   (1.1   )   (434.9   )   (2,077.6   )   (58,598.2   )   (13,962.6   )   (75,787.4)
Total net loans   705,256.5   572,754.9   293,748.4   138,428.7   72,924.4   111,838.8   2,026,399.1   3,921,350.8
Gross write-offs during Fiscal 2025   6.2   ..   ..   ..   96.8   16,593.8   4,758.3   21,455.1

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, over drafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Also includes provision against restructured loans.

F-
108

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of commercial loans which are assessed based on delinquency status at March 31, 2026.

Rs in million

Non-revolving loans originated in
Fiscal 2026   Fiscal 2025   Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Prior to 2022   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Current 2   128,787.4   40,641.5   17,459.0   6,956.6   3,816.3   667.9   2,323,458.3   2,521,787.0
Performing loans which are overdue 3   184.6   288.5   43.0   133.5   26.4   52.8   9,528.3   10,257.1
Non-performing loans   52.1   286.0   488.6   364.7   307.0   592.5   40,311.4   42,402.3
Total Gross loans   129,024.1   41,216.0   17,990.6   7,454.8   4,149.7   1,313.2   2,373,298.0   2,574,446.4
Provisions   (28.5   )   (131.2   )   (254.3   )   (216.5   )   (205.4   )   (511.4   )   (22,996.8   )   (24,344.1   )
Total net loans   128,995.6   41,084.8   17,736.3   7,238.3   3,944.3   801.8   2,350,301.2   2,550,102.3
Gross write-offs during Fiscal 2026   ..   51.8   35.4   8.2   2.1   253.6   3,496.4   3,847.4

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, over drafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Loans upto 30 days past due are considered current.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and not the
borrower-level outstanding.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of commercial loans which are assessed based on Delinquency status at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million

Non-revolving loans originated in
Fiscal 2025   Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Prior to 2021   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Current 2   70,899.9   28,770.6   12,814.9   8,063.2   1,197.1   269.4   2,003,537.9   2,125,553.0
Performing loans which are overdue 3   238.3   212.5   293.5   26.5   116.8   3.7   4,868.6   5,759.9
Non-performing loans   110.1   241.6   441.6   360.8   882.5   504.7   32,483.4   35,024.7
Total Gross loans   71,248.3   29,224.7   13,550.0   8,450.5   2,196.4   777.8   2,040,889.9   2,166,337.6
Provisions   (42.8   )   (89.1   )   (206.8   )   (177.2   )   (789.5   )   (463.4   )   (20,085.2   )   (21,854.0   )
Total net loans   71,205.5   29,135.6   13,343.2   8,273.3   1,406.9   314.4   2,020,804.7   2,144,483.6
Gross write-offs during Fiscal 2025   ..   ..   ..   ..   1.3   101.5   1,008.4   1,111.2

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, over drafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Loans upto 30 days past due are considered current.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and not the
borrower-level outstanding.

F-
109

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of consumer loans at March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Non-revolving loans originated in
Fiscal 2026   Fiscal 2025   Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Prior to 2022   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Mortgage loans   1,340,240.0   938,758.0   869,480.1   665,144.8   522,121.5   848,719.8   ..   5,184,464.2
Current 2   1,339,140.9   931,917.2   853,129.0   649,477.4   508,532.1   821,225.9   ..   5,103,422.5
Performing loans which are overdue 3   489.3   3,222.0   6,460.8   6,171.1   5,587.0   13,662.2   ..   35,592.4
Non-performing loans   609.8   3,618.8   9,890.3   9,496.3   8,002.4   13,831.7   ..   45,449.3
Other secured loans   1,019,258.9   317,736.4   218,855.3   97,066.8   30,074.2   17,452.9   425,909.3   2,126,353.8
Current 2   1,013,757.5   310,157.5   206,937.7   90,730.3   27,995.7   13,146.7   349,378.6   2,012,104.0
Performing loans which are overdue 3   2,817.4   4,898.4   7,220.3   3,298.2   936.7   435.0   38,879.5   58,485.5
Non-performing loans   2,684.0   2,680.5   4,697.3   3,038.3   1,141.8   3,871.2   37,651.2   55,764.3
Credit card receivables   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   548,653.1   548,653.1
Current 2   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   532,997.0   532,997.0
Performing loans which are overdue 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   7,378.6   7,378.6
Non-performing loans   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   8,277.5   8,277.5
Other unsecured loans   674,761.4   326,526.1   237,659.2   88,626.3   21,530.2   3,476.0   47,421.6   1,400,000.8
Current 2   673,377.7   321,856.8   228,991.4   84,404.9   21,150.8   3,020.1   46,568.3   1,379,370.0
Performing loans which are overdue 3   690.5   1,877.5   3,408.6   1,710.6   295.0   53.6   83.9   8,119.7
Non-performing loans   693.2   2,791.8   5,259.2   2,510.8   84.4   402.3   769.4   12,511.1
Total Gross loans   3,034,260.3   1,583,020.5   1,325,994.6   850,837.9   573,725.9   869,648.7   1,021,984.0   9,259,471.9
Provisions   (1,823.8   )   (4,866.4   )   (11,672.0   )   (9,156.5   )   (5,253.4   )   (12,935.3   )   (36,169.7   )   (81,877.1   )
Total net loans   3,032,436.5   1,578,154.1   1,314,322.6   841,681.4   568,472.5   856,713.4   985,814.3   9,177,594.8
Gross write-offs during Fiscal 2026   338.9   6,923.0   15,772.7   9,176.3   3,316.4   4,142.6   30,064.0   69,733.9

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, over drafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Loans upto 30 days past due are considered current.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and not the
borrower-level outstanding.

F-
110

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of consumer loans at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Non-revolving loans originated in
Fiscal 2025   Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Prior to 2021   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Mortgage loans   944,700.5   1,038,114.3   799,073.2   612,937.1   380,215.4   715,935.1   ..   4,490,975.6
Current 2   942,839.8   1,026,040.8   782,382.7   598,757.5   370,848.7   685,879.6   ..   4,406,749.1
Performing loans which are overdue 3   1,011.6   5,596.3   6,236.4   5,111.4   3,605.5   13,355.1   ..   34,916.3
Non-performing loans   849.1   6,477.2   10,454.1   9,068.2   5,761.2   16,700.4   ..   49,310.2
Other secured loans   769,462.9   402,220.5   206,856.9   80,484.6   29,423.9   20,147.9   335,316.7   1,843,913.4
Current 2   758,528.0   383,961.2   195,136.5   75,169.5   27,075.7   14,703.4   257,944.6   1,712,518.9
Performing loans which are overdue 3   7,116.8   12,522.6   6,948.1   3,139.7   1,190.2   1,009.8   44,692.2   76,619.4
Non-performing loans   3,818.1   5,736.7   4,772.3   2,175.4   1,158.0   4,434.7   32,679.9   54,775.1
Credit card receivables   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   587,875.3   587,875.3
Current 2   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   565,182.7   565,182.7
Performing loans which are overdue 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   10,940.6   10,940.6
Non-performing loans   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   11,752.0   11,752.0
Other unsecured loans   564,979.4   450,670.9   190,173.7   56,518.6   11,721.9   2,246.2   26,742.9   1,303,053.6
Current 2   562,320.2   439,059.4   181,198.4   53,742.0   11,434.3   1,697.6   26,652.9   1,276,104.8
Performing loans which are overdue 3   1,368.0   4,987.0   3,596.8   1,051.1   124.4   84.0   21.0   11,232.3
Non-performing loans   1,291.2   6,624.5   5,378.5   1,725.5   163.2   464.6   69.0   15,716.5
Total Gross loans   2,279,142.8   1,891,005.7   1,196,103.8   749,940.3   421,361.2   738,329.2   949,935.0   8,225,817.9
Provisions   (2,552.3   )   (10,518.7   )   (11,660.1   )   (7,192.3   )   (4,221.4   )   (14,756.7   )   (34,113.7   )   (85,015.2   )
Total net loans   2,276,590.5   1,880,487.0   1,184,443.7   742,748.0   417,139.8   723,572.5   915,821.3   8,140,802.7
Gross write-offs during Fiscal 2025   734.7   12,268.1   13,330.2   5,897.1   2,792.3   5,327.3   28,005.9   68,355.6

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, over drafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Loans upto 30 days past due are considered current.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and not the
borrower-level outstanding.

F-
111

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

8.

Financial assets transferred during the year to securitization company/reconstruction company

The Bank transfers certain
assets to securitization companies’/asset reconstruction companies in compliance with the terms of the guidelines issued by the
Reserve Bank of India governing such transfer. The Bank transfers its non-performing assets to asset reconstruction companies primarily
in exchange for receipt of cash or securities in the form of security receipts issued by such asset reconstruction companies, wherein
payments to holders of securities are based on the actual realized cash flows from the transferred assets. In accordance with Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, in case of non-performing loans sold to asset reconstruction companies, the Bank reverses the excess provision
in profit and loss account in the year in which amounts are received. Any shortfall of sale value over the net book value on sale of such
assets is recognized by the Bank in the year in which the assets are sold. For the purpose of the valuation of underlying security receipts
issued by underlying trusts managed by asset reconstruction companies, the security receipts are valued at their respective net asset
values as advised by the asset reconstruction companies. Reserve Bank of India, through its revised norms for Government guaranteed Security
Receipts issued on March 29, 2025, has permitted banks to reverse any excess provision to the Profit and Loss Account in the year of transfer,
if a loan is transferred to an asset reconstruction company for a value higher than the net book value and the sale consideration comprises
only of cash and security receipts guaranteed by the Government of India. Such security receipts shall be valued periodically by reckoning
the Net Asset Value declared by the ARC based on the recovery ratings received for such instruments. At March 31, 2026, the Bank held
Government guaranteed security receipts amounting to Rs. 16,687.6 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 16,944.5 million), which were fully provided.
The Bank, on a prudent basis, continues to hold provision against such security receipts which will be reversed on actual receipt of recoveries
or approval of claims, if any, by the Government.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the details of the assets transferred.

Rupees in million, except number of accounts
Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Number of accounts 1   115 2   40 2   21 2
Aggregate value (net of provisions) of accounts sold to securitization company/reconstruction company   523.5 2   144.3 2   .. 2
Aggregate consideration   2,458.0 3   20,859.7 3   1,861.9
Aggregate gain/(loss) over net book value   1,934.5   20,715.4   1,861.9
Provision reversed to profit and loss account on account of sale of NPAs   1,934.5   4,667.6   626.4

1.   Excludes accounts previously written-off.

2.   Includes Nil consumer loans (Fiscal 2025: Nil consumer loans, Fiscal 2024: Nil consumer loans)

3.   Includes consideration of Nil (Fiscal 2025: Rs. 16,047.8 million) in form of security receipts which are
fully provided.

F-
112

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

9.

Details of non-performing assets sold, excluding those sold to securitization company/reconstruction company

The Bank sells certain non-performing
assets to entities other than securitization company/reconstruction company in compliance with the terms of the guidelines issued by the
Reserve Bank of India on such sale.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the details of non-performing assets sold to entities, excluding those sold to securitization company/reconstruction
company.

Rupees in million, except number of accounts

Year
ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
No. of accounts 1   1   ..   ..
Aggregate value (net of provisions) of accounts sold, excluding those sold to securitization company/reconstruction company   ..   ..   ..
Aggregate consideration   2,822.0   ..   ..
Aggregate gain/(loss) over net book value   2,822.0   ..   ..

1.   Represents corporate loans.

10.

Concentration of credit risk

Concentration of credit risk
exists when changes in economic, industry or geographic factors affect groups of counter-parties whose aggregate credit exposure is material
in relation to the Group’s total credit exposure. The Group’s portfolio of financial instruments is broadly diversified along
industry, product and geographic lines primarily within India.

The Group is subject to supervision
guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Group’s 20 largest exposures (non-bank) based on gross exposure (credit, derivative
and investments), totaled to Rs. 2,014,134.1 million at March 31, 2026 which represented 70.4% of the capital funds (March 31, 2025: Rs.
2,051,239.5 million represented 85.6% of the capital funds). The single largest exposure (non-bank) at March 31, 2026 was Rs. 202,824.4
million, which was included in rating category “AA+” represented 7.1 % of the capital funds (March 31, 2025: Rs. 300,239.6
million represented 12.5% of the capital funds).

The largest group of companies
under the same management control accounted for 28.3% of the capital funds at March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: 29.6% of the capital funds).

11.

Loan commitments

The Group has outstanding undrawn
commitments to provide loans and financing to customers. These loan commitments aggregated to Rs. 8,386,393.8 million (including fund
based commitments fungible with non-fund based facilities) at March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: Rs. 7,062,177.7 million). The interest rate
on a significant portion of these commitments is dependent on the lending rates prevailing on the date of the loan disbursement. Further,
the commitments have fixed expiration dates and are generally contingent upon the borrower’s ability to maintain specific credit
standards.

F-
113

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

12.

Capital commitments

The Group is obligated under
a number of capital contracts. Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature, which have been committed. The amounts of contracts
remaining to be executed on capital account aggregated to Rs. 22,342.5 million at March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: Rs. 24,322.5 million).

13.

Derivatives

ICICI Bank Limited is a participant
in the financial derivatives market. The Bank deals in derivatives for balance sheet management, proprietary trading and market making
purposes whereby the Bank offers derivative products to its customers, enabling them to hedge their risks.

Dealing in derivatives is carried
out by identified groups in the treasury of the Bank based on the purpose of the transaction. Derivative transactions are entered into
by the treasury front office. The Bank’s Treasury and Securities Services Group conducts an independent check of the transactions
entered into by the front office and also undertakes activities such as confirmation, settlement, accounting, and ensures compliance with
various internal and regulatory guidelines. The Bank’s Treasury Monitoring and Reporting Group is responsible for reporting of performance
of treasury groups, reports related to Liquidity and Interest rate risk in the banking book and position and limit reporting (Value at
Risk, Net Open Position and stop loss, etc.).

The market making and the proprietary
trading activities in derivatives are governed by the Investment Policy which include Derivative policy of the Bank, which lays down the
position limits, stop loss limits as well as other risk limits. The Risk Management Group lays down the methodology for computation and
monitoring of risk. The Risk Committee of the Board reviews the Bank’s risk management policy in relation to various risks including
Credit and Recovery Policy, Investment Policy including Derivative Policy, Asset Liability Management Policy and Operational Risk Management
Policy. The Risk Committee of the Board comprises independent directors and the Executive Director of the Bank.

The Bank measures and monitors
risk of its derivatives portfolio using risk metrics such as Value at Risk (VaR), stop loss limits and relevant greeks for options. Risk
reporting on derivatives forms an integral part of the management information system.

Over the counter derivative
transactions are covered under International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreements with the respective counter parties.
The exposure on account of derivative transactions is computed as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The use of derivatives for
hedging purposes of the Bank is governed by the hedge policy approved by the Asset Liability Management Committee. Subject to prevailing
regulatory guidelines, the Group deals in derivatives for hedging fixed rate, floating rate or foreign currency assets/liabilities including
net investments in foreign operations. Transactions for hedging and market making purposes are recorded separately. For hedge transactions,
the Bank identifies the hedged item (asset or liability) at the inception of the hedge itself. The effectiveness is assessed at the time
of inception of the hedge and periodically thereafter.

Based on guidelines issued
by Reserve Bank of India on June 26, 2019 and December 8, 2025, the accounting of hedge relationships established after June 26, 2019
is in accordance with the Guidance Note on Accounting for Derivative Contracts issued by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Accordingly, for fair value hedges established after June 26, 2019, the hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being
hedged) are measured at fair value with changes recognized in the profit and loss account by the Bank. The swaps under hedge relationships
established prior to that date are accounted for on an accrual basis and are not marked-to-market unless their underlying transaction

F-
114

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

is marked-to-market. The Group companies measure the hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) at fair value
with changes recognized in the profit and loss account for fair value hedge. To the extent a cash flow hedge is effective, the change
in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recognized in cash flow hedge reserve and the ineffective portion of the hedge is accounted
in the profit and loss account. The premium or discount arising on inception of forward exchange contracts, which are not hedging instruments
and are not intended for trading purpose, is amortized over the life of the contract as interest income/expense and such transactions
are recorded separately. The premium on option contracts is accounted for as per Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India guidelines.

Credit exposure on interest
rate and currency derivative transactions (both trading and hedging), is computed using the current exposure method according to the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, which is arrived at by adding up the positive mark-to-market values and the potential future exposure of these
contracts. According to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the potential future exposure is determined by multiplying the notional
principal amount of each of these contracts (irrespective of whether the mark-to-market value of these contracts is zero, positive or
negative value) by the relevant add-on factor, ranging from 0.25% to 7.5% (March 31, 2025: 0.5% to 15%), according to the type of contract
and residual maturity of the instrument. The credit exposure for equity futures is computed based on the market value and open quantity
of the contracts at the balance sheet date and credit exposure for equity options is computed based on the price sensitivity of the option
and open quantity of the contracts at the balance sheet date. The exchange rate as on March 31, 2026 was Rs. 94.8350 per US dollar (March
31, 2025: Rs. 85.4750 per US dollar)

The following table sets forth,
the details of the notional amounts, fair value, realized/unrealized gain and loss on derivatives and credit exposure of trading derivatives
for the year ended March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Notional
amount   Gross
positive fair value   Gross
negative fair value   Gain/(loss)
on derivatives for the year   Credit exposure 3
Interest rate derivatives 1   41,670,180.5   64,286.3   (51,422.5)   8,205.4   229,081.7
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   18,282,330.9   134,539.0   (169,880.0)   47,001.8   391,549.1
Equity derivatives   409.0   2.7   ..   (212.9)   ..
Un-funded credit derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   59,952,920.4   198,828.0   (221,302.5)   54,994.3   620,630.8

1.   Includes foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

3.   Credit exposure is computed as per Current Exposure Method (CEM).

The following table sets forth,
the details of the notional amounts, fair value, realized/unrealized gain and loss on derivatives and credit exposure of trading derivatives
for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Notional
amount   Gross
positive fair value   Gross
negative fair value   Gain/(loss)
on derivatives for the year   Credit exposure 3
Interest rate derivatives 1   51,894,372.2   64,119.7   (61,206.3)   (14,474.0)   457,490.0
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   23,484,301.2   68,784.5   (106,921.2)   61,241.6   600,611.9
Equity derivatives   9,466.8   ..   (3.0)   (505.0)   3.8
Un-funded credit derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   75,388,140.2   132,904.2   (168,130.5)   46,262.6   1,058,105.7

1.   Includes foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

3.   Credit exposure is computed as per Current Exposure Method (CEM) without bilateral netting.

F-
115

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, the details of the notional amounts, marked-to-market position and credit exposure of our fair value hedging derivatives for
the year ended March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Notional amount   Gross
positive fair value   Gross
negative fair value   Credit exposure
Interest rate derivatives 1   445,380.5   607.5   (1,429.9)   2,515.9
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   Includes foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

The following table
sets forth the details of the notional amounts, marked-to-market position and credit exposure of our fair value hedging derivatives for
the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Notional amount   Gross
positive fair value   Gross
negative fair value   Credit exposure
Interest rate derivatives 1   439,557.5   3,550.8   (123.0)   4,535.7
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   Includes foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

The gains/(losses) on hedged
items arising from changes in fair value for fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025 amounted to Rs. (6,740.1) million and Rs. (5,489.8) million respectively
and gains/(losses) on corresponding hedging instruments arising from changes in fair value during fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025 amounted
to Rs. 6,969.4 million and Rs. 5,922.0 million respectively.

The gains/(losses) on cash
flow hedges recorded in cash flow hedge reserve for fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025 amounted to Rs. (12,628.7) million and Rs. 4,540.4 million
respectively. At year-end fiscal 2026, no amount recorded in cash flow hedge reserve is expected to be reclassified into earnings during
the next 12 months. This amount could differ from amounts actually recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations
or the addition of other hedges subsequent to year-end fiscal 2026. During fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025, there were no gains/(losses) reclassified
from cash flow hedge reserve into earnings on account of discontinuance of cash flow hedges. At year-end fiscal 2026, the maximum length
of time over which the Group was hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows was 132 months (year-end fiscal 2025: 132
months). At year-end fiscal 2026, accumulated cash flow hedge reserve was Rs. (645.0) million (year-end fiscal 2025: Rs. 11,906.6 million).
During fiscal 2026, net amount of gain/(loss) reclassified from accumulated cash flow hedge reserve to earnings was Rs. 175.1 million
(fiscal 2025: Rs. 46.6 million), as ineffective portion of hedges.

Additionally, the Group
has also hedged the foreign currency exposure of its net investment in foreign operations through currency forward contracts of a notional
amount of Rs. 53,976.8 million at March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: Rs. 48,023.8 million). The gross positive and negative fair values of
these hedging instruments were Rs. 387.7 million at March 2026 (March 31, 2025: Rs. 435.6 million) and Rs. (2,478.5) million at March
31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: Rs. (23.1) million) respectively and the credit exposure was Rs. 1,022.8 million at March 31, 2026 (March 31,
2025: Rs. 1,416.2 million).

F-
116

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

14.

Tax contingencies

Various tax-related legal proceedings
are pending against the Group at various levels of appeal either with the tax authorities or in the courts. Where, after considering all
available information, a liability requires accrual in the opinion of management, the Group accrues such liability.

Where such proceedings are
sufficiently advanced to enable management to assess that a liability exists and are subject to reasonable estimation, management records
its best estimate of such liability. The contested tax demands are adjusted by the tax authorities against refunds due to each entity
of the Group on favorable resolution of other years’ appeals/ summary assessments or paid or kept in abeyance in accordance with
the terms of any stay order. The payment/adjustment/stay does not prejudice the outcome of the appeals filed by the Group. The tax payments
are recorded as tax paid under other assets.

At March 31, 2026, the Group
has assessed its contingent tax liability at an aggregate of Rs. 148,504.5 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 160,674.8 million), mainly pertaining
to income tax, interest tax, service tax, goods and services tax and sales tax/value added tax demands by the Indian tax authorities for
past years. The Group has appealed or is in the process of filing an appeal against each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with
counsels, favorable decisions in own cases/advance ruling in other similar cases, or as per the Group’s internal assessment as set
out below, the Group’s management believes that the tax authorities are not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments
and accordingly has not provided for these tax demands at March 31, 2026. Disputed tax issues that are classified as remote are not disclosed
as contingent liabilities by the Group.

The Group's contingent liabilities
on direct tax amounted to Rs. 78,472.4 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 96,212.6 million) which include appeals filed by the Group or the
tax authorities, where the Group has relied on favorable opinions from counsels, past decisions by appellate authorities in own cases
or other similar cases, or as per the Group’s internal assessment. The key disputed liabilities are detailed below:

Disallowance of expenses
to earn tax free income: Rs. 15,677.0 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 23,237.0 million)
mainly relates to whether interest expenses can
be attributed to earning tax-free income. The Group believes that no interest can be allocated thereto as there are no borrowings earmarked
for investments in shares/tax free bonds and the interest-free funds are sufficient to cover investments in the underlying tax-free securities.

Disallowance of marketing
expenditure: Rs 13,973.6 million (March 31, 2025: 13,973.6 million)
 pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited,
treated as inadmissible by the tax authorities.

Mark-to-market losses on
derivatives: Rs. 10,295.1 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 15,614.3 million)
relates to the disallowance of mark-to-market losses on derivative
transactions treated by the tax authorities as notional losses.

Interest on perpetual bonds:
Rs 8,743.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 11,225.9 million)
 relates to the disallowance of interest paid on perpetual bonds. The tax
authorities do not deem these instruments as borrowings and therefore the interest paid on these bonds has not been allowed as a deduction.

Depreciation on leased assets:
Rs. 6,891.7 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 7,037.5 million
) relates to the disallowance of depreciation claimed on leased assets due
to treatment of the lease transactions as loan transactions by the tax authorities.

F-
117

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Provision for year-end operating
expense: Rs. 5,970.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 7,224.1 million)
relates to disallowance of provision for year-end operating expense
by the tax authorities treating it as contingent in nature.

Interest on non-performing
assets: Rs. 4,673.7 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 5,383.0 million)
relates to interest on non-performing assets de-recognized as per
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines after 90 days. Interest income is assessed to tax on the ground that tax law has 180 days limit as
against 90 days followed by the Bank.

Disallowance of write off
in respect of credit cards: Rs. 3,920.4 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 4,161.6 million)
 relates to the disallowance of written-off amount
for credit cards for claiming bad debt write-offs. It has been disallowed on the ground that the credit card business is not a banking
business or pertaining to money lending and hence did not fulfill conditions for claim of bad debt write off.

Taxability of amounts withdrawn
from Special Reserve created up to Assessment Year 1997-98: Rs. 2,110.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 2,110.9 million)
 relates to two
special reserve accounts maintained by the ICICI Ltd., which included a special reserve created up to assessment year 1997-98. Withdrawals
from the account were assessed as taxable by the tax authorities for assessment years 1998-99 to 2000-01. The Group has received favorable
orders in respect of these assessment years. However, the income tax authorities have preferred further appeal against the favorable orders.

The Group’s contingent
liabilities on service tax, goods and services tax and sales tax/value added tax amounted to Rs. 70,032.1 million (March 31, 2025: Rs.
64,462.2 million), which mainly pertains to the demands along with interest and penalty levied by the respective tax authorities, where
the Group has relied on favorable opinions from counsels and past decisions in our own cases/advance ruling by authorities in other similar
cases. The key disputed liabilities are detailed below.

Goods and Services tax:
Rs. 32,516.2 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 32,514.0 million)
pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited relates
to the eligibility of input tax credit on certain expenses.

Goods and Services Tax:
Rs. 16,362.08 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 5,900.3 million)
pertaining to the Bank relates to order on levy of GST on notional value
of services provided by the Bank to customers maintaining specified Minimum Average Balance (MAB) in their deposit accounts.

Goods and Services Tax:
Rs. 4,978.0 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 4,920.6 million)
pertaining to ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited relates to
denial of input tax credit availed and utilized on certain expenses pertaining to advertisement and manpower services.

CENVAT credit on interchange
fees: Rs. 2,048.0 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 2,048.0 million)
 pertaining to the Bank relates to disallowance of CENVAT credit on
ATM interchange fees paid to acquiring banks and switching fee paid to settlement agency on the basis of monthly statement and 100% penalty
on the same.

F-
118

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Goods and Services Tax:
Rs. 1,007.6 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 1,007.6 million)
pertaining to the Bank relates to order on levy of GST under Reverse Charge
Mechanism (RCM) on the reimbursement of expenses made by the Bank to its representative offices situated outside India.

CENVAT credit on Deposit
Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC) premium: Rs. 767.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 767.9 million)
 pertaining to the
Bank relates to disallowance of CENVAT credit availed by the Bank on deposit insurance premium paid by the Bank to DICGC.

Based on judicial precedents
in the Group’s own cases and similar other cases and upon consultation with the tax counsels, the management believes that it is
more likely than not that the Group’s tax positions will be sustained. Accordingly, no provision has been made in the accounts.

The above-mentioned contingent
liabilities do not include Rs. 67,665.4 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 133,702.2 million) considered as remote and therefore, are not required
to be disclosed as contingent liability. Of the total disputed tax demands classified as remote, amount consisting of Rs. 60,668.8 million
(March 31,2025: Rs. 60,231.7 million) pertains to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited mainly relating to disallowance of provision
for insurance claims, disallowance for non-deduction of tax on certain expenses, disallowance of exempt income, non-payment of goods and
services tax on co-insurance premium, re-insurance commission and motor salvage and reimbursement; Rs. 4,881.7 million (March 31, 2025:
Rs. 21,786.8 million) mainly pertains to the deduction of bad debts, broken period interest, and levy of penalties, which are covered
by favorable decisions by the Supreme Court of India in the Group’s own/other cases; and Rs. 2,114.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs.
2,209.9 million) pertains to errors requiring rectification by tax authorities.

15.

Litigation

A number of litigations and
claims against the Group (and its directors and officers) are pending in various forums. The claims on the Group (and its directors and
officers) mainly arise in connection with civil cases involving allegations of service deficiencies, property or labor disputes, fraudulent
transactions, economic offences and other cases filed in the normal course of business. The Group is also subject to counter-claims arising
in connection with its enforcement of contracts and loans. A provision is created where an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable and
in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. In view of inherent unpredictability of litigation and cases where claims sought
are substantial in value, actual cost of resolving litigations may be substantially different than the provision held or the contingent
liability recognized. For cases where unfavorable outcome is deemed to be reasonably possible, it is not possible to make an estimate
of the possible loss or range of possible losses though aggregate of such amounts are recognized as contingent liabilities. The total
amount of claims against the Group where an unfavorable outcome is deemed ‘probable’ was Rs. 14,363.7 million against which
provision of Rs. 9,187.0 million has been recognized. The total amount of claims where unfavorable outcome is deemed ‘possible’
was Rs. 7,345.4 million at March 31, 2026, which has been included under contingent liability of the Group. Based upon a review of open
matters with its legal counsels including loss contingency on account of such litigation and claims, and classification of such contingency
as 'probable', 'possible' or 'remote' and with due provisioning for the relevant litigation and claims, the management believes that the
outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's consolidated financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.

F-
119

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

16.

Segmental Information

The following table sets forth,
the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2026, prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note 11A. The Bank's Chief
Operating Decision Maker (CODM) evaluates these segment results to assess performance and allocates resources based on multifaceted business,
strategic and financial considerations while keeping the strategic focus on customer centricity and focusing on ecosystems and micro-markets
in line with business plans approved by the Board of Directors. The CODM evaluates certain additional performance metrics, including bank-level
profit before tax excluding treasury gains (calculated as profit before tax less Income from treasury-related activities) that aid in
measuring Bank’s strategic progress. The Bank’s CODM is the Committee of Executive Directors consisting of the Managing Director
and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Directors.

Rupees
    in million
Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail
banking   Wholesale
banking   Treasury   Other
banking business   Life
insurance   General
insurance   Others   Inter-
segment adjustments   Total
1   Interest income   1,463,689.5   780,907.8   1,337,943.4   68,259.0   100,972.3   36,272.2   91,851.3   (1,927,710.9)   1,952,184.6
2   Non interest income   160,252.5   97,565.0   46,360.2   6,908.3   553,748.2   252,633.9   107,850.0   (56,319.1)   1,168,999.0
3   Total income (1) + (2)   1,623,942.0   878,472.8   1,384,303.6   75,167.3   654,720.5   288,906.1   199,701.3   (1,984,030.0)   3,121,183.6
External revenue   939,109.1   585,436.4   397,213.1   71,541.2   653,841.2   284,841.2   189,201.4   ..   3,121,183.6
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal revenue   684,832.9   293,036.4   987,090.5   3,626.1   879.3   4,064.9   10,499.9   (1,984,030.0)   ..
4   Interest expense   989,704.4   552,912.9   1,172,937.0   43,398.1   1,929.6   ..   57,113.2   (1,927,709.4)   890,285.8
5   Operating expenses   328,215.9   99,724.5   39,680.7   13,838.4   633,526.6   252,422.2   58,102.3   (21,574.4)   1,403,936.2
6   Provisions   73,579.4   (19,054.4)   (823.5)   903.5   1,187.5   (105.8)   701.6   ..   56,388.3
7   Segment results 1 (3)-(4)-(5)-(6)   232,442.3   244,889.8   172,509.4   17,027.3   18,076.8   36,589.7   83,784.2   (34,746.2)   770,573.3
8   Unallocated expenses   ..
9   Share of profit from associates   2,628.5
10   Operating profit 1 (7) – (8)
    + (9)   773,201.8
11   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   193,839.3
12   Net profit 2 (10) – (11)   579,362.5
Other information
13   Segment assets   8,788,482.7   6,785,744.2   7,624,787.6   1,107,160.7   3,189,653.2   755,151.3   1,035,258.2   (183,879.5)   29,102,358.4
14   Unallocated assets   42,621.3
15   Total assets (13) + (14)   29,144,979.7
16   Segment liabilities   12,203,393.4   6,447,058.5   4,858,434.9 3   680,960.2 3   3,197,520.4 3   761,109.1 3   1,036,918.9 3   (183,879.5) 3   29,001,515.9
17   Unallocated liabilities   143,463.8
18   Total capital and liabilities (16) + (17)   29,144,979.7
19   Capital expenditure   24,108.9   10,700.8   1,430.8   1,202.0   1,929.5   2,624.9   6,217.9   ..   48,214.8
20   Depreciation   16,336.2   7,210.4   1,005.8   711.8   1,444.9   1,647.0   2,270.3   (16.4)   30,610.0

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

4.   The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the CODM.

F-
120

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, the business segment
results for the year ended March 31, 2025 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note 11A.

Rupees
    in million
Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail
    banking   Wholesale
    banking   Treasury   Other
    banking business   Life
    insurance   General
insurance   Others   Inter-
    segment adjustments   Total
1   Interest income   1,407,433.8   742,774.2   1,304,706.7   67,707.0   89,893.7   33,543.2   81,152.7   (1,863,896.7)   1,863,314.6
2   Non interest income   154,413.0   81,587.9   45,716.4   7,376.2   512,348.7   222,967.7   107,173.8   (49,028.9)   1,082,554.8
3   Total income (1) + (2)   1,561,846.8   824,362.1   1,350,423.1   75,083.2   602,242.4   256,510.9   188,326.5   (1,912,925.6)   2,945,869.4
External revenue   916,739.1   540,894.1   384,301.7   71,895.1   601,830.5   251,061.5   179,147.4   ..   2,945,869.4
Revenue from transfer pricing
    on external liabilities and other internal revenue   645,107.7   283,468.0   966,121.4   3,188.1   411.9   5,449.4   9,179.1   (1,912,925.6)   ..
4   Interest expense   969,854.6   541,043.4   1,140,912.8   46,557.7   1,137.8   2.9   54,658.0   (1,863,890.7)   890,276.5
5   Operating expenses   304,472.2   90,214.0   24,754.2   12,200.7   587,610.7   223,758.9   57,879.5   (22,890.4)   1,277,999.8
6   Provisions   71,309.6   (22,541.6)   (2,747.1)   1,812.9   129.6   (463.8)   1,558.0   ..   49,057.6
7   Segment results 1 (3)-(4)-(5)-(6)   216,210.4   215,646.3   187,503.2   14,511.9   13,364.3   33,212.9   74,230.8   (26,144.3)   728,535.5
8   Unallocated expenses   ..
9   Share of profit from associates   1,506.6
10   Operating profit 1 (7) – (8)
    + (9)   730,042.1
11   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   184,348.3
12   Net profit 2 (10) – (11)   545,693.8
Other information
13   Segment assets   7,929,301.9   5,482,698.2   7,227,332.6   1,025,594.7   3,140,885.4   685,617.4   1,029,682.0   (154,037.2)   26,367,075.0
14   Unallocated assets   55,339.1
15   Total assets (13) + (14)   26,422,414.1
16   Segment liabilities   11,119,662.2   5,559,973.9   4,306,765.4 3   595,655.2 3   3,142,401.4 3   690,202.5 3   1,030,790.7 3   (154,037.2) 3   26,291,414.1
17   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
18   Total capital and liabilities (16) + (17)   26,422,414.1
19   Capital expenditure   27,062.6   11,779.3   2,054.9   2,449.5   2,808.5   2,631.7   4,057.8   ..   52,844.3
20   Depreciation   14,068.8   5,983.3   1,005.0   672.2   1,333.8   1,244.1   1,982.4   (16.4)   26,273.2

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

4.   The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the CODM.

F-
121

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

	The following table sets forth, the business
segment results for the year ended March 31, 2024 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note 11A.

Rupees
    in million
Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail
    banking   Wholesale
    banking   Treasury   Other
    banking business   Life
    insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter-
    segment adjustments   Total
1   Interest income   1,208,554.8   649,232.6   1,117,447.1   58,652.1   74,377.2   2,596.8   62,738.3   (1,578,439.7)   1,595,159.2
2   Non interest income   136,920.9   68,569.6   19,571.2   5,381.9   467,984.1   16,361.3   77,630.4   (27,201.4)   765,218.0
3   Total income (1) + (2)   1,345,475.7   717,802.2   1,137,018.3   64,034.0   542,361.3   18,958.1   140,368.7   (1,605,641.1)   2,360,377.2
External revenue   791,317.3   491,258.8   306,964.0   62,415.0   541,426.2   18,612.7   148,383.2   ..   2,360,377.2
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities
    and other internal revenue   554,158.4   226,543.4   830,054.3   1,619.0   935.1   345.4   (8,014.5)   (1,605,641.1)   ..
4   Interest expense   821,230.8   457,144.1   963,561.3   35,852.2   823.5   3.1   40,904.9   (1,578,438.3)   741,081.6
5   Operating expenses   283,844.1   83,057.7   20,711.3   11,105.3   532,377.0   16,480.8   39,262.6   (9,010.8)   977,828.0
6   Provisions   51,909.1   (22,116.7)   6,336.9   692.5   (71.5)   269.5   104.2   ..   37,124.0
7   Segment results 1 (3)-(4)-(5)-(6)   188,491.7   199,717.1   146,408.8   16,384.0   9,232.3   2,204.7   60,097.0   (18,192.0)   604,343.6
8   Unallocated expenses   ..
9   Share of profit from associates   10,737.7
10   Operating profit 1 (7) – (8)
    + (9)   615,081.3
11   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   154,276.2
12   Net profit 2 (10) – (11)   460,805.1
Other information
13   Segment assets   7,193,136.2   4,824,561.0   6,340,548.0   893,056.2   2,987,952.9   628,317.0   879,966.1   (182,618.8)   23,564,918.6
14   Unallocated assets   75,711.7
15   Total assets (13) + (14)   23,640,630.3
16   Segment liabilities   10,198,454.9   4,565,715.3   3,815,846.8 3   607,215.6 3   2,989,997.0 3   633,082.9 3   881,936.6 3   (182,618.8) 3   23,509,630.3
17   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
18   Total capital and liabilities (16) + (17)   23,640,630.3
19   Capital expenditure   19,984.4   7,806.3   1,390.0   598.4   3,128.9   139.6   3,529.4   ..   36,577.0
20   Depreciation   10,978.1   4,596.4   788.2   444.8   1,129.0   93.5   1,338.5   (16.4)   19,352.1

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

4.   The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the CODM.

F-
122

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

17.

Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group recognizes the revenue
from contracts with customers primarily in the line item ‘commission, exchange and brokerage’ of ‘Schedule 14 - Other
income’. The primary components of commission, exchange and brokerage are transaction banking fee, lending linked fee, fund management
fee, commercial banking fee, securities brokerage income and third party products distribution fee.

The transaction banking fee
primarily includes card related fee such as interchange fee, joining fee and annual fee, income on ATM transactions, deposit accounts
related transaction charges and charges for normal transaction banking services and fee on cash management services, commission on bank
guarantees, letters of credit and bills discounting. The lending linked fee primarily includes loan processing fee and fee on foreclosure/prepayment
of loans. The fund management fee includes the income earned by the Bank’s asset management subsidiary on mutual fund schemes and
by the private equity fund management subsidiary on private equity funds. The brokerage income earned by the Bank’s securities broking
subsidiary on securities transactions by its customers is included in the securities brokerage income. The third party products distribution
fee primarily includes income earned on distribution of products such as mutual funds, insurance products and bonds.

The revenue is recognized at
the time when the performance obligation under the terms of contractual arrangement is completed. The Group generally recognizes the revenue
either immediately upon completion of services or over time as the Group performs the services. In cases where the consideration is received
in advance from customers by the Group, a liability is recorded and the same is subsequently recognized as revenue over the contract period
or on completion of the performance obligation under the contract. The Group does not have any significant contract assets and contract
liabilities at March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025, and March 31, 2024.

The segment-wise breakup of
the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2026 is given below.

Rupees in million
Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other
banking business   Life insurance   General
insurance   Others   Inter segment/ company adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking fee   100,545.5   35,902.6   ..   1,881.8   ..   ..   67.0   (415.0)   137,980.5
2   Lending linked fee   30,489.0   21,017.0   ..   2,259.9   11.7   ..   1,917.5   (398.3)   55,296.8
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   59,041.5   (0.5)   59,041.0
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   16,609.5   (7.3)   16,602.2
5   Third party products distribution fee   10,013.7   ..   ..   237.1   ..   ..   6,901.4   (5,257.2)   11,895.0
6   Others   790.4   3,644.7   ..   1,063.8   ..   ..   17,317.3   (10,329.4)   12,486.8
Total   141,838.6   60,564.3   ..   5,441.9   11.7   ..   101,854.2   (16,408.4)   293,302.3

1.   Out of the total revenue of Rs. 293,302.3 million, amount of revenue recognized point in time is Rs. 265,321.0
million and amount of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 27,981.3 million.

The segment-wise breakup of
the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2025 is given below.

Rupees in million
Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other
banking business   Life insurance   General
insurance   Others   Inter segment/ company adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking fee   100,654.4   32,409.4   ..   2,185.0   ..   ..   69.4   (889.3)   134,428.9
2   Lending linked fee   27,397.2   17,411.1   ..   1,830.2   10.7   ..   2,218.1   (664.0)   48,203.3
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   47,973.1   (0.6)   47,972.5
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   20,805.5   (38.8)   20,766.7
5   Third party products distribution fee   10,282.3   ..   ..   125.6   ..   ..   7,228.7   (5,931.7)   11,704.9
6   Others   932.7   3,278.8   ..   975.1   ..   ..   19,268.0   (9,869.3)   14,585.3
Total   139,266.6   53,099.3   ..   5,115.9   10.7   ..   97,562.8   (17,393.7)   277,661.6

1.   Out of the total revenue of Rs. 277,661.6 million, amount of revenue recognized point in time is Rs. 253,600.6
million and amount of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 24,061.0 million.

F-
123

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The segment-wise breakup of
the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2024 is given below.

Rupees in million
Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other
banking business   Life insurance   General
insurance   Others   Inter segment/ company adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking fee…….   87,607.1   27,779.2   ..   2,202.4   ..   ..   55.1   (753.2)   116,890.6
2   Lending linked fee   25,325.3   14,033.5   ..   1,118.4   7.0   ..   2,174.8   (474.6)   42,184.4
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   34,890.6   (0.6)   34,890.0
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   18,774.2   (65.8)   18,708.4
5   Third party products distribution fee   9,709.6   ..   ..   124.1   ..   ..   6,846.6   (5,086.7)   11,593.6
6   Others   762.0   2,604.1   5.4   658.8   ..   ..   8,676.8   (1,255.5)   11,451.7
Total   123,404.0   44,416.8   5.4   4,103.7   7.0   ..   71,418.1   (7,636.4)   235,718.7

1.   Out of the total revenue of Rs. 235,718.7 million, amount of revenue recognized point in time is Rs. 215,461.4
million and amount of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 20,257.3 million.

F-
124

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

18.

Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS)/ Employee Stock Unit Scheme (ESUS)

The following table sets forth
a summary of the Bank’s stock options outstanding at March 31, 2026.

Number of options   Weighted-average exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate
intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   169,866,927   484.94   3.35   146,664.3
Add: Granted during the year   12,833,970   1,356.42
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   1,067,490   1,089.07
Less: Exercised during the year   36,361,312   374.10
Outstanding at the end of the year   145,272,095   585.24   3.00   92,035.0
Options exercisable   118,612,481   452.02   2.38   89,422.8

The following table sets forth
a summary of the Bank’s stock options outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Number of options   Weighted-average exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate
intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   198,731,466   411.26   3.81   135,542.5
Add: Granted during the year 1   15,964,860   1,052.89
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   1,997,001   896.53
Less: Exercised during the year   42,832,398   335.58
Outstanding at the end of the year   169,866,927   484.94   3.35   146,664.3
Options exercisable   137,704,023   379.06   2.80   133,475.2

1.   Includes 3.0 million number of options granted to employees of ICICI Securities
Limited (including its subsidiaries) in accordance with the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Securities Limited
and their respective shareholders for delisting of ICICI Securities Limited.

F-
125

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth
a summary of the Bank’s stock units outstanding at March 31, 2026.

Number of options   Weighted-average exercise price (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   8,032,295   2.00   5.90   10,814.3
Add: Granted during the year   4,231,550   2.00
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   488,308   2.00
Less: Exercised during the year   1,823,427   2.00
Outstanding at the end of the year   9,952,110   2.00   5.59   11,981.3
Options exercisable   1,357,105   2.00   3.89   1,633.8

The following table sets forth
a summary of the Bank’s stock units outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Number of options   Weighted-average exercise price (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   4,190,810   2.00   6.24   4,573.4
Add: Granted during the year 1   4,964,420   2.00
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   371,263   2.00
Less: Exercised during the year   751,672   2.00
Outstanding at the end of the year   8,032,295   2.00   5.90   10,814.3
Options exercisable   560,656   2.00   3.72   754.8

1.   Includes 0.6 million number of units granted to employees of ICICI Securities Limited (including its subsidiaries)
in accordance with the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Securities Limited and their respective shareholders
for delisting of ICICI Securities Limited.

Total fair value
of options vested was Rs. 5,756.7 million for the year ended March 31, 2026, Rs. 6,501.9 million for the year ended March 31, 2025, and
Rs. 4,852.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2024. Total fair value of units vested was Rs. 2,676.0 million for the year ended March
31, 2026, Rs. 1,188.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2025 and Rs. 2.4 million for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Total aggregate intrinsic
value of options exercised was Rs. 37,365.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2026, Rs. 37,694.5 million for the year ended March 31,
2025, and Rs 26,462.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2024. Total aggregate intrinsic value of units exercised was Rs. 2,610.5 million
for the year ended March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: Rs. 878.4 million).

F-
126

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The total compensation
cost of options/units recognized during March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 was Rs. 9,687.0, Rs. 7,901.5 and Rs. 7,029.1
respectively.

The total compensation
cost of options related to non-vested awards not yet recognized at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 was Rs. 3,385.7 million
and

Rs. 3,354.7 million respectively and the weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized was 1.49 years and
1.48 years respectively.

The total compensation
cost of units related to non-vested awards not yet recognized at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 was Rs. 3,015.3 million
and

Rs. 2,445.2 million respectively and the weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized was 1.42 years and
1.45 years respectively.

The following table
sets forth a summary of stock options exercisable at March 31, 2026.

Range
of exercise price (Rupees per share)   Number of options   Weighted- average exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
60-199   189,815   152.99   0.07   199.9
200-399   66,583,017   266.41   2.16   62,554.3
400-599   22,767,056   510.21   1.75   15,838.8
600-799   17,390,396   744.61   3.21   8,021.9
800-999   7,976,747   897.17   3.56   2,462.6
1000-1199   3,651,370   1,111.37   4.07   345.2
1200-1399   54,080   1,269.45   4.51   0.1

The following table
sets forth a summary of stock options exercisable at March 31, 2025.

Range of exercise price (Rupees per share)   Number of options   Weighted- average exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
60-199   1,188,860   157.91   0.76   1,415.3
200-399   88,958,357   269.18   2.81   96,000.9
400-599   31,580,712   491.68   2.41   27,054.4
600-799   11,731,359   743.89   3.58   7,091.1
800-999   4,244,735   897.57   4.03   1,913.5

F-
127

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock options outstanding at March 31, 2026.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value per share at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2025   32,162,904   373.82
Add: Granted during the year   12,833,970   424.14
Less: Vested during the year   17,375,168   331.32
Less: Forfeited during the year   962,092   430.79
Unvested at March 31, 2026   26,659,614   423.69

The following table
sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock options outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value per share at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2024   39,435,440   306.85
Add: Granted during the year   15,964,860   444.76
Less: Vested during the year   21,345,542   304.60
Less: Forfeited during the year   1,891,854   357.55
Unvested at March 31, 2025   32,162,904   373.82

The following table
sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock units outstanding at March 31, 2026.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value per share at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2025   7,471,639   1,029.38
Add: Granted during the year   4,231,550   1,328.15
Less: Vested during the year   2,627,021   1,018.64
Less: Forfeited during the year   481,163   1,171.99
Unvested at March 31, 2026   8,595,005   1,171.77

The following table
sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock units outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value per share at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2024   4,188,110   879.43
Add: Granted during the year   4,964,420   1,120.43
Less: Vested during the year   1,313,006   904.82
Less: Forfeited during the year   367,885   995.55
Unvested at March 31, 2025   7,471,639   1,029.38

F-
128

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth for the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options based on Black-Scholes model.

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Risk-free interest rate   5.84% to 6.16%   6.42% to 7.11%   6.88% to 7.32%
Expected term   3.53 years to 5.53 years   3.43 years to 5.43 years   3.23 years to 5.23 years
Expected volatility   19.70% to 31.13%   18.01% to 33.27%   24.78% to 37.41%
Expected dividend yield   0.70% to 0.74%   0.65% to 0.83%   0.56% to 0.85%

The following table
sets forth for the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of units based on Black-Scholes model.

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Risk-free interest rate   5.97% to 6.05%   6.42% to 7.09%   6.82% to 6.94%
Expected term   1.58 years to 3.58 years   1.58 years to 3.58 years   1.58 years to 3.58 years
Expected volatility   18.39% to 20.84%   16.49% to 24.72%   23.63% to 36.56%
Expected dividend yield   0.74%   0.72% to 0.74%   0.56%

Risk free interest
rates over the expected term of the option/units are based on the government securities yield in effect at the time of the grant.

The expected term
of an option/units is estimated based on the vesting term as well as expected exercise behavior of the employees who receive the option/units.
Expected exercise behavior is generally estimated based on the historical exercise pattern of the Bank.

Expected volatility
during the estimated expected term of the option/units is based on historical volatility determined based on observed market prices of
the Bank's publicly traded equity shares.

Expected dividends
during the estimated expected term of the option/units are based on recent dividend activity.

The key assumptions
for the year ended March 31, 2026 also includes the key assumptions used for options/units granted to employees of ICICI Securities Limited
in accordance with the Scheme.

19.

Selected information from Indian GAAP financials

The following tables
set forth, for the periods indicated, the income statement and balance sheet, by following the guidance of Regulation S-X.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Interest income   1,952,184.6   1,863,314.7   1,595,159.2
Interest expense   890,285.8   890,276.5   741,081.6
Net interest income   1,061,898.8   973,038.2   854,077.6
Provision for loan losses & others   62,447.9   41,056.5   30,074.5
Provision for depreciation on investments   (6,059.6   )   8,001.1   7,049.6
Net interest income after provision for loan losses and investments   1,005,510.5   923,980.6   816,953.5
Non-interest income   1,168,999.0   1,082,554.7   765,218.0
Non-interest expense   1,403,936.2   1,277,999.8   977,827.9
Income before income tax expense, minority interest and share of profit in associates   770,573.3   728,535.5   604,343.6
Income tax expense   193,839.4   184,348.3   154,276.2
Income before minority interest and share of profit in associates   576,733.9   544,187.2   450,067.4
Add: Share of profit in associates   2,628.6   1,506.6   10,737.7
Net profit for the year before minority interest   579,362.5   545,693.8   460,805.1
Less: Minority interest   37,285.5   35,401.8   18,241.4
Net income   542,077.0   510,292.0   442,563.7
Earnings per equity share: (Rs.)
Basic   75.89   72.41   63.19
Diluted   74.77   71.14   61.96
Weighted average number of equity shares used in computing earnings per equity share (millions)
Basic   7,143   7,048   7,004
Diluted   7,247   7,167   7,132

F-
129

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million
At
March 31,
2026   2025
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents 1   2,649,807.2   2,140,234.6
Investments 1   8,707,198.8   8,863,768.1
Loans, net 1,2   16,446,579.7   14,206,637.1
Property, plant and equipment   174,142.8   158,122.3
Goodwill   105,500.5   84,594.3
Deferred tax asset (net)   42,621.3   48,410.0
Interest accrued, outstanding fees and other income   248,207.2   249,019.1
Assets held for sale   60.6   1.9
Other assets 1   770,861.6   671,626.7
Total assets   29,144,979.7   26,422,414.1
Liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits   15,583,743.7   14,041,328.9
Non-interest bearing deposits   2,716,457.5   2,375,045.1
Short-term borrowings and trading liabilities   963,886.2   934,004.2
Long-term debt   1,238,756.6   1,254,830.2
Other liabilities   4,846,422.0   4,529,779.2
Total
                                            liabilities   25,349,266.0   23,134,987.6
Minority interest   165,109.6   148,367.4
Stockholders’ equity   3,630,604.1   3,139,059.1
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   29,144,979.7   26,422,414.1

1.   Includes cash and cash equivalents, investments, loans and other assets amounting
to Rs. 267,426.3 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 304,219.7 million) pledged as security towards short-term borrowings amounting to Rs. 244,890.8
million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 292,050.8 million).

2.   Includes loans amounting to Rs. 303,708.0 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 282,717.7
million) pledged as security towards long-term borrowings amounting to Rs. 293,304.7 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 275,066.1 million).

F-
130

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, the statement of stockholders’ equity.

Rupees in million
Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities
premium   Revenue and other reserves 1   Other special reserves 2   Stockholders’ equity
Balance at April 1, 2025   14,246.0   20,698.4   606,132.8   1,369,700.8   1,128,281.1   3,139,059.1
Proceeds from issue of share capital   76.3   ..   17,075.8   ..   ..   17,152.1
Additions during the year   ..   9,687.0   3   ..   305,016.7   184,605.0   499,308.7
Deductions during the year   ..   (3,564.7   ) 4   (168.1   )   (20,019.9   ) 5,6   (1,163.1   ) 7   (24,915.8   )
Balance at March 31, 2026   14,322.3   26,820.7   623,040.5   1,654,697.6   1,311,723.0   3,630,604.1

1.   Includes revenue and other reserves, AFS reserve and balance in profit and loss
account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve, special reserve, capital reserve, foreign currency translation
reserve, revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve and capital redemption reserve.

3.   Represents cost of employee stock options/units recognized during the year.

4.   Represents amount transferred to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee
stock options/units and to General Reserve on lapses of employee stock options/units.

5.   Includes Rs. 4,437.3 million towards deduction in fair value change account of insurance
subsidiaries due to fair valuation of investments held insurance subsidiaries.

6.   Includes movement on account of deconsolidation and change in ownership interest
in consolidating entities.

7.   Includes amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account
of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation and revaluation surplus on premises sold. Also includes the amount of loss on revaluation
of certain assets which were held for sale.

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, the statement of stockholders’ equity.

Rupees in million
Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue and other reserves 1   Other special reserves 2   Stockholders’ equity
Balance at April 1, 2024   14,046.8   14,053.2   519,436.4   1,046,835.5   967,066.4   2,561,438.3
Proceeds from issue of share capital   199.2   ..   86,696.4   3   ..   ..   86,895.6
Additions during the year   ..   8,866.2   4,5   ..   328,297.4   162,891.4   500,055.0
Deductions during the year   ..   (2,221.0   ) 6   ..   (5,432.1   ) 7   (1,676.7   ) 8   (9,329.8   )
Balance at March 31, 2025   14,246.0   20,698.4   606,132.8   1,369,700.8   1,128,281.1   3,139,059.1

1.   Includes revenue and other reserves, AFS reserve and balance in profit and loss
account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve, special reserve, capital reserve, foreign currency translation
reserve, revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve and capital redemption reserve.

3.   Includes Rs. 68,876.0 million on account of issuance of equity shares to the shareholders
of ICICI Securities Limited in accordance with the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Securities Limited and the
respective shareholders for delisting of ICICI Securities Limited.

4.   Includes cost of employee stock options/units recognized during the year.

5.   Includes Rs. 964.7 million towards creation of ESOP reserve for the options/units
granted to employees of ICICI Securities Limited in accordance with the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Securities
Limited and their respective shareholders for delisting of ICICI Securities Limited.

6.   Represents amount transferred to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee
stock options/units and to General Reserve on lapses of employee stock options/units.

7.   Includes Rs. 3,693.8 million towards deduction in fair value change account of insurance
subsidiaries due to fair valuation of investments held insurance subsidiaries.

8.   Includes amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account
of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation and revaluation surplus on premises sold. Also includes the amount of loss on revaluation
of certain assets which were held for sale.

F-
131

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, the statement of stockholders’ equity.

Rupees in million
Equity
share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities
premium   Revenue and other reserves 1   Other
special reserves 2   Stockholders’ equity
Balance at April 1, 2023   13,967.8   7,608.8   507,229.5   797,727.0   818,444.9   2,144,978.0
Proceeds from issue of share capital   79.0   ..   12,206.1   ..   ..   12,285.1
Additions during the year   ..   7,028.4   3   0.8   4   249,252.8   5   149,601.6   6   4,05,883.6
Deductions during the year   ..   (584.0   ) 7   ..   (144.3   )   (980.1   ) 8   (1,708.4   )
Balance at March 31, 2024   14,046.8   14,053.2   519,436.4   1,046,835.5   967,066.4   2,561,438.3

1.   Includes revenue and other reserves, unrealized investment reserve and balance in
profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve, special reserve, capital reserve, foreign currency translation
reserve, revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve and capital redemption reserve.

3.   Represents cost of employee stock options/units recognized during the year.

4.   Represents the ESOP cost recognized by the overseas banking subsidiaries under fair
value method.

5.   Includes Rs. 4,308.9 million towards addition in fair value change account of insurance subsidiaries due to fair valuation of investments
held insurance subsidiaries.

6.   Includes transfer of accumulated translation loss of Rs. 3,396.6 million related
to closure of Bank’s Offshore Banking Unit, SEEPZ Mumbai, to profit and loss account in terms of Accounting Standard 11 - The Effects
of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates.

7.   Represents amount transferred to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee
stock options and to General Reserve on lapses of employee stock options.

8.   Includes amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account
of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation and revaluation surplus on premises sold. Also includes the amount of loss on revaluation
of certain assets which were held for sale.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the movement in profit and loss account.

Rupees in million
March 31, 2026   March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning of the year   1,183,850.7   898,257.8   656,386.8
Additions during the year   542,077.0   510,292.0   442,563.7
Dividend   (78,531.5   )   (70,412.7   )   (55,986.0   )
Deductions during the year 1   (164,820.1   )   (154,286.4   )   (144,706.7   )
Balance at the end of the year   1,482,576.1   1,183,850.7   898,257.8

1.   Includes appropriations/transfers to other reserves and movement on account of deconsolidation
and change in ownership interest in consolidating entities.

The cash flow statement
is in compliance with the requirements of AS 3 – Cash Flow Statements.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the supplementary information to the cash flow statements.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Conversions of loans to investments   0.0   49.9   3,912.2
Interest paid   890,388.9   887,107.7   735,486.2
Interest and dividend received   1,953,966.9   1,833,487.8   1,537,708.7

F-
132

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

20.

Estimated fair value of financial instruments

The Group’s
financial instruments include non-derivative financial assets and liabilities as well as derivative instruments. Fair value estimates
are generally subjective in nature and are made at a specific point in time based on the characteristics of the financial instruments
and relevant market information. Quoted market prices are used, wherever available. In other cases, fair values are based on estimates
using present value or other valuation techniques. These techniques involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions
used and judgments made regarding risk characteristics of various financial instruments, discount rates, estimates of future cash flows
and other factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates and the resulting fair values. Derived fair value
estimates cannot necessarily be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and in many cases, may not be realized in an immediate
sale of the instruments.

Fair value estimates
are based on existing financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets
and liabilities that are not considered as financial instruments. Disclosure of fair values is not required for certain items such as
investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting, obligations for pension and other post-retirement benefits, income tax
assets and liabilities, property and equipment, pre-paid expenses, insurance liabilities, core deposit intangibles and the value of customer
relationships associated with certain types of consumer loans, particularly the credit card portfolio and other intangible assets. Accordingly,
the aggregate fair value amount presented does not purport to represent and should not be considered representative of the underlying
market or franchise value of the Group. In addition, because of differences in methodologies and assumptions used to estimate fair values,
the Group’s fair values should not be compared to those of other financial institutions.

The methods and assumptions
used by the Group in estimating the fair values of financial instruments are described below.

Cash and balances with reserve
bank of India and balances with banks and money at call and short notice

The carrying amounts
reported in the balance sheet approximate fair values because a substantial amount of the portfolio has maturities of less than three
months. The cash and balances with banks and money at call and short notice are classified as Level 1 instruments in view of absence of
any significant market observable data for valuation of these instruments.

Investments

The fair values of
investments are generally determined based on quoted price or based on discounted cashflows. For certain debt and equity investments that
do not trade on established exchanges and for which markets do not exist, estimates of fair value are based upon management’s review
of the investee’s financial results, condition and prospects.

Advances

The fair values of
commercial and consumer loans are estimated by discounting the contractual cash flows using interest rates currently offered on various
loan products. The carrying value of certain other loans approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these loans. The advances
are classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of any significant market observable data for valuation of these instruments.

F-
133

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Deposits

The carrying amount
of deposits with no stated maturity is considered to be equal to their fair value. Fair value of fixed rate time deposits is estimated
by discounting contractual cash flows using interest rates currently offered on the deposit products. Fair value estimates for deposits
do not include the benefit that results from the low-cost funding provided by the deposit liabilities compared to the cost of alternative
forms of funding (core deposit intangibles). The deposits are classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of any significant
market observable data for valuation of these instruments.

Borrowings

The fair value of
the Group’s debt is estimated by discounting future contractual cash flows using appropriate interest rates and credit spreads.
The carrying value of certain other borrowings approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these borrowings. The borrowings
are classified as Level 2 instruments in view of the inputs used like interest rates, yield curves and credit spreads, which are available
from public sources like Reuters, Bloomberg, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income Money Markets & Derivatives
Association of India.

Other assets and liabilities

Other assets and
liabilities also include financial instruments such as sundry receivables and payables such deposits, interest/fee receivables/payables
and are predominantly classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of any significant market observable data for valuation of
these instruments.

Further, financial
instruments which are accounted at fair value on a recurring/non-recurring basis are disclosed in note 22.d) fair value measurement.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the listing of the fair value by category of financial assets and financial liabilities.

Rupees in million
At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
Carrying
value   Estimated
Fair Value   Carrying
value   Estimated
fair value
Financial assets
Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India   1,212,371.9   1,212,371.9   1,202,409.1   1,202,409.1
Balances with banks and money at call and short notice   1,437,435.3   1,437,435.3   937,825.5   937,825.5
Investments   8,707,198.8   8,709,556.5   8,863,768.1   9,009,454.1
Advances   16,446,579.7   16,452,272.2   14,206,637.1   14,324,795.1
Other assets   997,966.2   997,966.2   883,426.0   883,426.0
Total   28,801,551.9   28,809,602.1   26,094,065.8   26,357,909.8
Financial liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits   15,583,710.6   15,663,437.8   14,041,323.2   14,109,762.6
Non-interest-bearing deposits   2,716,490.6   2,716,490.6   2,375,050.9   2,375,050.9
Borrowings   2,202,642.8   2,170,082.7   2,188,834.5   2,183,091.7
Other liabilities and provisions   1,505,236.6   1,505,236.6   1,242,878.1   1,242,878.1
Total   22,008,080.6   22,055,247.7   19,848,086.7   19,910,783.3

F-
134

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

21.

Differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP

The consolidated
financial statements of the Group are prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, which differs in certain significant aspects from U.S.
GAAP.

The following tables
summarize the significant adjustments to consolidated net income and stockholders’ equity which would result from the application
of U.S. GAAP.

1.

 Net income reconciliation

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
Note   2026   2025   2024
Consolidated profit after tax as per Indian GAAP excluding minority interests 1   542,077.0   510,292.0   442,563.7
Adjustments on account of:
Allowance for credit losses   (a)   7,439.2   (14,130.0   )   (53,217.1   )
Business combinations   (b)   (3,589.3   )   (3,610.2   )   140,326.1
Consolidation   (c)   8,073.6   11,176.0   20,829.1
Valuation of debt and equity securities   (d)   (4,777.0   )   (21,106.8   )   33,270.6
Amortization of fees and costs   (e)   9,010.2   8,491.7   5,306.0
Accounting for derivatives   (f)   520.5   506.8   (1,107.2   )
Accounting for compensation costs   (g)   (659.8   )   56.7   (684.2   )
Accounting for securitization   (h)   (127.1   )   569.2   325.9
Income tax benefit/(expense)   (i)   3,933.5   19,743.9   18,278.4
Others   (j)   (1,526.1   )   1,553.7   7,872.2
Total impact of all adjustments   18,297.7   3,251.0   171,199.8
Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   560,374.7   513,543.0   613,763.5
Net income as per U.S. GAAP
    attributable to non-controlling interests 1   23,677.9   30,633.7   15,114.5
Total net income as per U.S. GAAP   584,052.6   544,176.7   628,878.0
Basic earnings per share (Rs.)
Indian GAAP (consolidated)   75.89   72.41   63.19
U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   78.45   72.87   87.63
Diluted earnings per share (Rs.)
Indian GAAP (consolidated)   74.77   71.14   61.96
U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   77.29   71.57   85.89

1.   Profit attributable to minority interests as per Indian GAAP was Rs. 37,285.5 million
(March 31, 2025: Rs. 35,401.8 million and March 31, 2024: Rs. 18,241.4 million).

F-
135

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

2.

 Stockholders’ equity reconciliation

Rupees in million
At
March 31,
Note   2026   2025
Consolidated net worth as per Indian GAAP excluding minority interests 1   3,630,604.1   3,139,059.1
Adjustments on account of:
Allowance for credit losses   (a)   (20,191.7   )   (27,524.6   )
Business combinations   (b)   384,710.3   388,299.6
Consolidation   (c)   (1,733.7   )   9,373.6
Valuation of debt and equity securities   (d)   3,917.3   73,888.8
Amortization of fees and costs   (e)   59,538.7   54,472.6
Accounting for derivatives   (f)   975.2   454.8
Accounting for compensation costs   (g)   ..   ..
Accounting for securitization   (h)   (340.1   )   (206.9   )
Income tax assets/(liabilities)   (i)   45,902.5   24,947.5
Others   (j)   (12,450.0   )   (7,959.8   )
Total impact of all adjustments   460,328.5   515,745.6
ICICI Bank stockholders’ equity as per U.S. GAAP   4,090,932.6   3,654,804.7
Non-controlling interests 1,2,3   431,236.9   426,882.1
Total equity as per U.S. GAAP   4,522,169.5   4,081,686.8

1.   Net worth, representing capital and reserves and surplus, attributable to minority
interests as per Indian GAAP was Rs. 165,109.6 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 148,367.4 million).

2.   Each of the adjustments in the above table is net of the related impact to non-controlling
interests. The adjustments to non-controlling interests included within the above adjustments are on account of the impact of business
combination accounting of. Rs. 334,111.2 million at March 31, 2026, along with corresponding impact on deferred taxes: Rs. (11,896.8)
million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 337,831.6 million; corresponding impact of deferred taxes: Rs. (12,962.7) million), impact of amortization
of fees and costs at March 31, 2026: Rs. 13,929.4 million, along with corresponding deferred taxes: Rs. (3,505.7) million (at March 31,
2025: Rs. 10,718.0 million; corresponding impact on deferred taxes: Rs. (2,697.5) million) and impact of valuation of debt and equity
securities at March 31, 2026: Rs. (1,320.8) million, along with corresponding impact on deferred taxes Rs. 332.4 million (at March 31,
2025: Rs. 5,498.0 million; corresponding impact on deferred taxes: Rs. (1,383.7) million).

3.   Accordingly, on an aggregate basis (including impact on ICICI Bank stockholders’
equity and impact on non controlling interest), at March 31, 2026, the impact of business combination accounting amounts to Rs. 718,821.5
million, along with corresponding impact on deferred taxes: Rs (22,792.0) million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 726,131.2 million; corresponding
impact of deferred taxes: Rs (24,687.9) million), the impact of amortization of fees and costs amounts to Rs. 73,468.1 million, along
with corresponding deferred taxes: Rs. (18,490.5) million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 65,190.6 million; corresponding impact of deferred taxes:
Rs. (16,407.2) million and impact of valuation of debt and equity securities amounts to Rs. 2,596.5 million along with corresponding deferred
taxes: Rs (653.5) million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 79,368.8 million; corresponding impact of deferred taxes: Rs. (25,814.9) million)

F-
136

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

a)   Allowance for credit losses

The differences in the credit
losses between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP are primarily on account of:

i.   Expected credit losses on commercial loans based on individual
assessment, which do not share similar risk characteristics with other loans under U.S. GAAP as compared to provisions based on graded
provisioning rates on non-performing loans, subject to minimum provisioning rates prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines
under Indian GAAP for the Bank.

ii.   Expected credit losses on the loans sharing similar risk characteristics under U.S. GAAP as compared to
prescriptive/graded provisioning, subject to minimum provisioning rate, as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines under Indian GAAP
for the Bank.

iii.   Expected credit losses on non-cancellable loan commitments, non-fund exposures and other financial assets
under U.S. GAAP as compared to estimated provision on expected devolvement of guarantees on certain borrowers classified as non-performing
under Indian GAAP for the Bank.

Credit losses on commercial loans which do not
share similar risk characteristics

These differences primarily
relate to provisions on non-performing commercial loans under Indian GAAP and credit loss provisions on commercial loans which do not
share similar risk characteristics under U.S. GAAP. This difference arises due to a difference in methodology applied to calculate the
credit losses under U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, as per Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, non-performing loans are classified into three categories: sub-standard assets, doubtful assets and loss assets.
A loan is classified as sub-standard if interest payments or installments have remained overdue for more than 90 days. As per Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, a provision of 15.0% is required for all sub-standard loans. An additional provision of 10.0% is required for
accounts that are unsecured from the time of origination. A loan is classified as a doubtful loan if it has remained sub-standard for
more than twelve months or if the value of security charged to the Bank has eroded and fallen below 50% as compared to the previously
assessed security value. A 100% provision/write-off is required with respect to the unsecured portion of the doubtful loans. A 100% provision
is required for the secured portion of loans classified as doubtful for more than three years and is recorded in a graded manner as the
three-year period occurs. A loan is classified as a loss asset if the losses on it are identified or the loan is considered uncollectible.
For loans classified as a loss, the entire loan is required to be provided for. Provisions are generally made by the Bank on non-performing
loans as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of Reserve Bank of India.

Under Indian GAAP,
certain loans restructured by the Bank (excluding loans given for implementation of projects in the infrastructure sector and non-infrastructure
sector and which are delayed up to a specified period and certain other types of loans explained below) by re-scheduling principal repayments
and/or the interest are classified as non-performing as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Provisions as applicable to non-performing
loans, are made on restructured loans. In addition to this, provision for the diminution in fair value of the restructured loans is also
made by the

F-
137

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Bank. The diminution in fair value is computed by discounting both sets of cash flows, based on interest rate prior to restructuring
and post restructuring, at the existing rate of interest charged on the loan before the restructuring.

Under U.S. GAAP, commercial
loans representing significant individual credit exposures (both funded and non-funded), are individually evaluated to ascertain if they
share similar risk characteristics, based on the ability of the borrower to repay the contractual amounts due to the Bank, including considerations
of both quantitative and qualitative criteria such as the account conduct, future prospects, repayment history and financial performance.
The credit losses for commercial loans, ascertained to not share the similar risk characteristics, are estimated on an individual basis
and are based on either the present value of expected future cash flows or in case of a collateral dependent loan, the net realizable
value of the collateral net of cost to sell, if any.

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
holds specific provisions on certain performing commercial loans and advances based on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines/direction.

Under Indian GAAP, accounts
where the Bank had invoked/implemented strategic debt restructuring under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines were classified as non-performing.
Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank opted for fair value option for accounting these loans at fair value through income statement under ASC Subtopic
825-10 “Financial Instruments”.
See also– 22(b). Notes under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial
interests.

Under Indian GAAP, any contractual
amount due from the counter-party under derivative contracts, if not collected within 90 days, is required to be reversed through income
statement under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under U.S. GAAP, these receivables are analyzed to identify the required credit
losses in the same manner as individual credit exposures.

The Bank transfers certain
loans to borrower specific funds/trusts managed by asset reconstruction companies in exchange for security receipts issued by the funds/trusts,
as part of the strategy for resolution of non-performing assets. The funds/trusts have been set up by the asset reconstruction companies
under enacted debt recovery legislation in India and they aim to improve the recoveries of banks on non-performing assets by aggregating
lender interests and speeding up the enforcement of security interests by lenders. While under Indian GAAP, such transfers are recognized
as a sale, and provision is held against security receipts received by the Bank as a consideration, under U.S. GAAP these transfers are
not recognized as a sale due to the following reasons:

• Certain transfers do
not qualify for sale accounting under FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and servicing”, as the Bank retains the risks and rewards
in such transfers.

• Certain transfers were
impacted by FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation – overall”. The funds/trusts to which these loans have been transferred
are variable interest entities within the definition contained in ASC Subtopic 810-10. As the Bank is the ‘Primary Beneficiary’
of certain of these funds/trusts, it is required under U.S. GAAP to consolidate these entities.

Credit losses on loans sharing similar risk characteristics

Commercial loans

Credit losses on commercial
loans sharing similar risk characteristics primarily relate to performing commercial loans and to homogenous small balance commercial
loans which are generally provided under any of the lending programme including both performing and non-performing commercial loans under
Indian GAAP.

F-
138

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Under Indian GAAP, the allowances
on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning requirement is a uniform rate
of 0.4% for all standard assets except –

·   Small and micro enterprise sectors, which attract a provisioning requirement of 0.25%,

·   Advances to commercial real estate residential, non-residential sectors and project under implementations
which attract a provisioning requirement of 0.75% and 1.0% respectively,

As per the guidelines issued
by the Reserve Bank of India, additional general provision between 0.0%-0.8% is made on outstanding amounts to entities having unhedged
foreign currency exposure. The provision range is based on percentage of likely loss due to unhedged foreign currency exposure to their
earnings before interest, depreciation and lease rentals, if any.

Under U.S. GAAP, credit losses
on the commercial loans sharing similar risk characteristics are accounted on a collective basis. The segmentation for the commercial
loans is based on risk characteristics such as customer type, risk rating and delinquency status. The collective assessment begins with
a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation covers expected credit
losses over an instrument’s expected life and is estimated by applying probability of default and loss given default. Based on historical
default rates, the probabilities of default are derived using a macro-economic scenario over a reasonable and supportable forecast period.
The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion to the long run historical information. The forecasts take
into consideration the Group’s economic outlook based on internal as well as external inputs and involve a governance process that
incorporates feedback from senior management.

Consumer loans

Credit losses on consumer loans
sharing similar risk characteristics primarily relate to homogenous small balance loans including both performing and non-performing consumer
loans under Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, the provision
on non-performing consumer loans is made at a pre-determined rate, subject to minimum provision as required under the Reserve Bank of
India guidelines. The provision on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning
requirement is a uniform rate of 0.4% for all standard assets except

·   Farm credit to agriculture and home loan upto a certain amount which attract a provisioning requirement
of 0.25%,

·   Advances to commercial real estate residential and non-residential sectors which attract a provisioning
requirement of 0.75% and 1.0% respectively

Under U.S. GAAP, credit losses
on the consumer loans sharing similar risk characteristics are accounted for on collective basis. The segmentation for the consumer loans
is based on risk characteristics such as product type, delinquency status, credit scores, and vintage. For agriculture loans, a further
segmentation of risk characteristics is also carried out based on direct and indirect agriculture lending categories. The collective assessment
begins with a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation covers expected
credit losses over an instrument’s expected life and is estimated by applying probability of default and loss given default. Based
on historical default rates, the probabilities of default are derived using a macro-economic scenario over a reasonable and supportable
forecast period. The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion to the long run historical information.
The forecasts take into consideration the Group’s economic outlook based on internal as well as external inputs and involve a governance
process that incorporates feedback from senior management.

F-
139

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank,
on prudent basis, has made contingency provision due to the economic and geopolitical uncertainties. Under US GAAP, the Group makes adjustments
to appropriately address these economic circumstances over and above the model output by increasing the probability of default estimates
based on management judgement.

Credit losses on undrawn commitments, non-fund
exposures and other debt securities

Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank records
a liability for credit losses on non-cancellable undrawn commitments by the Group and non-fund exposures to its borrowers based on the
life time expected losses. The credit losses are estimated in accordance with the ASC Topic 326, “Financial Instruments –
Credit losses”.

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
makes estimated provision on guarantees, above a certain threshold, to its borrowers classified as non-performing based on an assessment
of expected devolvement.

Under Indian GAAP, the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines do not specify the conditions under which the assets may be written-off. The Bank has internal policies for charge-off
of non-performing loans against loan loss allowances. Commercial loans, are generally charged off against allowances when, based on a
borrower-specific evaluation of the possibility of further recovery, the Bank concludes that the balance cannot be collected. The Bank
evaluates whether a balance can be collected based on the realizable value of collateral, the results of the Bank’s past recovery
efforts, the possibility of recovery through legal recourse and the possibility of recovery through settlement.

Small-balance homogenous loans
are generally charged off against allowances after predefined periods of delinquency, as follows:

•   Mortgage loans: 3 years of continuous delinquency

•   Other consumer loans: 6 months of continuous delinquency

The same criteria
are used for charge-off of impaired loans under U.S. GAAP.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the difference in aggregate expected credit losses between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP attributable to the above
reconciling items.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Differences due to expected credit losses on commercial loans evaluated on individual basis   (809.0)   (11,032.8)   (12,392.8)
Differences due to expected credit losses on loans evaluated on collective basis   (165.3)   (1,876.7)   (39,472.4)
Differences due to expected credit losses on undrawn commitments, non-fund exposures and other financial assets   8,413.5   (1,220.5)   (1,351.9)
Total differences in allowance from loan losses   7,439.2   (14,130.0)   (53,217.1)

During fiscal 2024, the Bank
implemented the ASU 2022-02: Troubled debt restructurings and vintage disclosures. The Bank adopted the guidance on the recognition and
measurement of troubled

F-
140

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

debt restructured loans under the modified retrospective approach. Adoption of these amendments resulted in a
decrease in allowance for credit losses by Rs. 999.4 million, the impact of the same was directly taken in the reserves on April 1, 2023.

See note on 22 (f) Loans
for detailed discussion on allowance for credit loss. See note on "Consolidated Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated
financial statements - Schedule 9 - Advances" for Indian GAAP balance sheet presentation.

b)   Business combinations

The differences arising due
to business combinations are primarily on account of:

i)   Accounting for intangible assets and goodwill; and

ii)   Acquisition of control in former equity affiliates

During fiscal 2024,
the Bank re-acquired control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. Accordingly, the existing investments in ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited were fair valued on the date of acquisition of control based on the closing market price of shares of
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. This resulted in a fair value gain amounting to Rs. 140,173.7 million which was recognized
in the statement of net income. Under U.S. GAAP, goodwill was determined by deducting the fair value of net assets of ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited from the fair value of equity interest held by the Bank and fair value of minority interest in ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited. Accordingly, goodwill of Rs. 557,733.7 million and intangibles of Rs. 103,963.3 million were recorded
under U.S. GAAP. Since, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited was acquired in February 2024, the results of fiscal 2024 may
not be comparable with fiscal 2025 and 2026 to this extent. The goodwill was allocated to the General insurance segment of the Group.
The goodwill recognized is not available for amortization under tax laws. Further, during fiscal 2024, the Bank also acquired control
in I-Process Services (India) Private Limited and has recognized a bargain purchase gain of Rs. 358.5 million.

On 12 January 2026, the Bank
acquired 100% stake in ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited from
ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
 for a consideration of Rs. 2,035.0 million, through a share purchase agreement. ICICI
Pension Fund Management Limited was a wholly owned subsidiary of
ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
 which is an associate of the Bank under U.S. GAAP. As a result of this acquisition, ICICI
Pension Fund Management Limited became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank. Accordingly, a intangible asset of asset management right
amounting to Rs. 447.4 million and Goodwill of Rs. 184.5 million was recognized in U.S. GAAP.

Under U.S. GAAP in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 350, the Group does not amortize goodwill and intangibles with infinite life but instead tests the same for impairment
at least annually. The annual impairment test under ASC Topic 350 does not indicate an impairment loss for fiscal 2026, 2025 and 2024.

Under U.S. GAAP intangible
assets with finite useful life are amortized over their estimated useful lives in proportion to the economic benefits consumed in each
period.

F-
141

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for business combinations under Indian GAAP and U.S.
GAAP.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Gain on acquisition of General insurance subsidiary   ..   ..   140,173.7
Gain on bargain purchase of other subsidiary   ..   ..   358.5
Amortization of intangibles   (3,684.5)   (3,705.3)   (307.6)
Others   95.2   95.1   101.5
Total difference in business combinations   (3,589.3)   (3,610.2)   140,326.1

c)   Consolidation

The differences on account
of consolidation are primarily on account of:

1.   Consolidation of life insurance subsidiary;

2.   Equity affiliates and majority owned subsidiaries; and

3.   Consolidation of variable interest entities.

Under Indian GAAP, consolidation
is required only if there is ownership of more than one-half of the voting power of an enterprise or control of the composition of the
Board of Directors in the case of a company or of the composition of the governing body in case of any other enterprise. Under Indian
GAAP, our life insurance subsidiary (ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited) is consolidated on line-by-line basis. Under U.S.
GAAP, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is accounted for by the equity method of accounting as the minority shareholders
have substantive participating rights as defined in ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation – Overall”.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for consolidation under Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Profit/(loss) as per U.S. GAAP for life insurance subsidiary   32,501.5   33,568.7   43,530.5
Less: Profit/(loss) as per Indian GAAP for life insurance subsidiary   15,925.6   11,855.1   8,506.7
Net reconciliation difference for life insurance subsidiary 1   16,575.9   21,713.6   35,023.8
Profit/(loss) from life insurance subsidiary attributable to the Group 2   8,435.9   11,174.6   17,965.5
Profit/(loss) from equity affiliates and majority owned subsidiaries   ..   ..   2,869.5 3
Impairment loss on investment in equity affiliate   ..   ..   ..
Profit/(loss) on sale of equity affiliate   (355.7)   ..   ..
Profit/(loss) on consolidation of variable interest entities and special purpose entities   (6.5)   1.4   (5.9)
Total differences in consolidation   8,073.6   11,176.0   20,829.1

1.   Represents total differences in profit/(loss) between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for life insurance subsidiary.
See also- 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Insurance entities.

2.   Represents the Group’s share of profit/(loss) in “Net reconciliation difference for life insurance
subsidiary” and excludes the share of non-controlling interest holders. The Group owns part, not all, of the life insurance subsidiary.
As such, only a portion of “Net reconciliation difference for life insurance subsidiary” is attributable to the Group; the
rest is attributable to non-controlling interest holders. The share attributable to the Group constitutes the “Profit/(loss) from
life insurance subsidiary attributable to the Group.” Reconciling items pertaining to significant differences between Indian GAAP
and U.S. GAAP for life insurance affiliate are discussed separately below.

3.   Represents the Group’s share in difference in profit/(loss) between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for
General insurance affiliate and amortization of intangibles. See also- 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Insurance entities.

F-
142

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Prudential
Corporation Holdings Limited (PCHL) has entered into definitive agreements on May 17, 2026 pursuant to which Prudential has agreed to
acquire 75% stake in Bharti Life Insurance Company Limited (Proposed Transaction), subject to receipt of applicable regulatory approvals
and satisfaction of certain conditions. On July 4, 2026, the Bank and PCHL entered into a letter of undertaking to mitigate any potential
conflict of interest in the management of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited (ICICI Life) pursuant to the Proposed Transaction.

In view of the Proposed Transaction
ICICI Life has applied to the IRDAI for the reclassification of PCHL from “promoter” to “investor.” From the date
of submission of reclassification application to IRDAI (Start Date) until the closing of the Proposed Transaction or such other date as
directed by the IRDAI in writing (End Date), PCHL shall abstain from voting on any matters requiring special resolutions, so long as such
matter does not adversely impact any right or interest of PCHL in ICICI Life. Further, the nominee director of Prudential has resigned
from the Board of ICICI Life, with effect from the date on which the board of ICICI Life approved the reclassification application. Further,
PCHL shall not nominate another director on the board of ICICI Life from Start Date to End Date.

Upon PCHL’s reclassification
from ‘promoter’ to ‘investor’ becoming effective, parties shall take reasonable actions to amend the articles
of association of ICICI Life to align the special resolution requirement with the Companies Act, 2013.

Consequent to the change in
articles of association, the Bank would obtain control of ICICI Life under US GAAP, without any change in its ownership interest, and
would be required to consolidate ICICI Life on a line by line basis.

Since the reclassification
and the Proposed Transaction is subject to regulatory approval (that has not yet been obtained) and satisfaction of other conditions,
the occurrence and timing of the transfer of control remains uncertain as of the date of these financial statements. Accordingly, this
is a non-adjusting subsequent event, and no adjustment has been made to the Net income reconciliation for the year ended March 31, 2026
and stockholders’ reconciliation at March 31, 2026. ICICI Life continues to be accounted for under the equity method in the reconciliation
at March 31, 2026. As the previously held interest would be remeasured at fair value on the date of obtaining the control, the amount
of the remeasurement gain/(loss), and of goodwill and identified intangibles if any, cannot presently be estimated. The equity-method
carrying amount of the Bank’s investment in ICICI Life was Rs. 133,139.3 million as at March 31, 2026. Based on the quoted market
price of ICICI Life’s listed equity shares, the Bank expects that consolidation, if it occurs, would result in a material, non-recurring
gain/(loss) on remeasurement of its previously held interest under U.S. GAAP.

Profit/(loss) on consolidation of Variable
Interest Entities

The Bank has consolidated certain
securitization trusts used for securitization transactions, in accordance with ASC 810-10. Upon consolidation, the assets of the qualifying
special purpose entities were incorporated into the Bank’s loan portfolio and the amounts received from the investors were accounted
for as borrowings. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank accounts for the allowance for loan losses on these loans based on expected credit loss.

Under Indian GAAP, securitized
assets are derecognized from the Bank’s books. In accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines for securitization, for securitization
transactions entered into

F-
143

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

after February 1, 2006, the Bank accounted for any losses immediately at the time of securitization but amortized
any profits over the life of the securities issued or to be issued by the qualifying special purpose entities. As per the Reserve Bank
of India guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, gain realized at the time of securitization of loans is accounted through profit and
loss account on completion of transaction. The unrealized gains, associated with expected future margin income is recognized in profit
and loss account only when redeemed in cash, after absorbing losses, if any. The Bank also provides credit enhancement to the qualifying
special purpose entities against delinquencies on securitized assets. Under Indian GAAP, the recognition of losses is based on the extent
of utilization of credit enhancement extended to qualifying special purpose entities.

Due to these differences in
the Bank’s accounting of securitization transactions, the timing of recognition of income and provision for loan losses differ under
U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP.

d)   Valuation of debt and equity securities

Under Indian GAAP, till March
31, 2024, the unrealized losses at category level under held for trading and available for sale securities were taken to profit and loss
account, and unrealized gains were ignored. From April 1, 2024, the Bank implemented the Master Direction on Classification, Valuation
and Operations of Investment portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2023. On implementation of this master direction, the unrealized
gains or losses on the investments (including equity investments) classified as fair value through profit and loss account are recognized
in the profit and loss account. With respect to investments (including equity investments) classified as available for sale, the unrealized
gains or losses on these investments under Indian GAAP are recognized in the available for sale reserve and for debt investments these
gains or losses are subsequently reclassified to profit and loss account in the event of sale. With respect to investments classified
as held to maturity and investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates the unrealized gains and losses are not recognized,
and investments are recognized at the carrying cost. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on trading debt securities are recognized
in the profit and loss account and unrealized gains or losses on debt securities classified as ‘available for sale’, which
include all securities classified as ‘held to maturity’ and debt investments classified as fair value through profit and loss
account under Indian GAAP, are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income under stockholders’ equity except for the unrealized losses
on securities identified as impaired which are recognized in profit and loss account. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on equity
securities were recognized in profit and loss account. Under Indian GAAP, till March 31, 2024, the investments are initially measured
at transaction cost, while from April 1, 2024, on implementation of above mentioned master directions investments are initially measured
at fair value which is in line with the accounting treatment provided under U.S. GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, the impact
of currency revaluation on debt securities denominated in foreign currency is taken to profit and loss account. Under U.S. GAAP, the impact
of currency revaluation on non-hedged ‘available for sale’ debt securities denominated in foreign currency is taken to Other
Comprehensive Income.

Under Indian GAAP, till March
31, 2024, premium over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate debt securities under held to maturity and government securities
held under available for sale category was amortized over the remaining period to maturity on an constant yield basis and straight line
basis respectively, and the discount on the face value of fixed rate and floating rate debt securities was considered as part of the cost
of investments and was recognized in the profit and loss account in the event of maturity or sale. From April 1, 2024, under Indian GAAP,
premium/discount on the face value of fixed rate and floating rate debt securities is amortized/accrued over the remaining period to maturity
on an effective interest rate basis which is in line with the accounting provided under U.S. GAAP.

F-
144

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Under Indian GAAP, gain or
loss on sale of equity stake in a subsidiary company is recognized in the income statement. Under U.S. GAAP, change in the parent’s
ownership in the subsidiary company is accounted as an equity transaction, if the parent retains controlling financial interest in the
subsidiary and accordingly gain or loss is not recognized in the income statement.

In fiscal 2016, the Reserve
Bank of India issued guidelines on strategic debt restructuring under which conversion of debt into equity and acquisition of ownership
interests in the borrower by banks is allowed. The Reserve Bank of India has exempted banks from consolidation of these entities. Under
U.S. GAAP, these entities were considered as equity affiliates. The Bank opted for fair value option of these equity affiliates under
ASC Topic 825 “Financial Instruments”. Accordingly, fair value changes in the loans, guarantees and equity shares were accounted
through income statement. While fair value impact on loans was recorded in the line item “Valuation of debt and equity securities”,
the provisions made on these loans under Indian GAAP were reversed in the line item “Allowance for loan losses”.
See also–
22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial interests.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for valuation of debt and equity securities under Indian
GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Impact of differences in mark-to-market accounting for investment securities gain/(loss)   (9,658.3)   (21,453.9)   24,088.3
Impairment allowance on AFS securities under U.S. GAAP   (1,798.8)   (159.2)   (5,053.0)
Impact of currency revaluation gain on non-hedged AFS debt securities denominated in foreign currency accounted for in profit and loss under Indian GAAP, which is accounted for in Other Comprehensive Income under U.S. GAAP   412.5   (247.3)   (436.6)
Impact of gain/(loss) on fair value accounting for financial interest in certain equity affiliates   2,094.5   596.2   12,105.3
Other gain/(loss)   4,173.1   157.4   2,566.6
Total gain/(loss)   (4,777.0)   (21,106.8)   33,270.6

See note on "Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 8 - Investments" for Indian GAAP balance sheet
presentation.

e)   Amortization of fees and costs

Loan origination fees and
costs

Under U.S. GAAP, loan origination
fees (net of certain costs) are amortized over the period of the loans as an adjustment to the yield on the loan. However, under Indian
GAAP, loan origination fees are accounted for upfront. Also under Indian GAAP, loan origination costs, including commissions paid to direct
marketing agents, are expensed in the year in which they are incurred.

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP, all actuarial
gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit in the
profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income.
Subsequently cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10% corridor is
amortized through profit and loss account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality
fixed income securities in U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on government securities under Indian GAAP.

F-
145

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Reinsurance commission and deferred acquisition
costs

Under Indian GAAP, reinsurance
commission on business ceded by general insurance subsidiary is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk. Under U.S.
GAAP, proceeds from reinsurance transactions that represent recovery of acquisition costs are reduced from acquisition costs in such a
manner that net acquisition costs are capitalized and charged to expense in proportion to net revenue recognized over the related policy
period.

Under Indian GAAP, acquisition
costs for new and renewal of insurance contracts in general insurance subsidiary are charged as expense to the revenue account in the
year in which these are incurred, whereas under U.S. GAAP, the same are capitalized and are amortized over the related policy period.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for amortization of fees and costs under Indian GAAP
and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Loan origination (fees) and costs   3,630.7   (1,297.8)   5,803.9
Retirement benefit costs   2,383.8   1,885.5   (1,097.3)
Reinsurance commission and deferred acquisition costs   3,014.8   7,946.4   654.7 2
Amortization of other costs   (19.1)   (42.4)   (55.3)
Total differences in amortization of fees and costs 1   9,010.2   8,491.7   5,306.0

1.   Does not include any amount that is attributable to non-controlling interest holders.

2.   Represents difference in net income of General insurance subsidiary from the date of acquisition of control.

During fiscal 2026, the amortization
of loan origination fees and costs resulted in higher income under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, primarily due to higher direct
loan origination costs on consumer loans incurred during this year offset by, amortization of loan origination costs deferred in previous
years. During fiscal 2025, the amortization of loan origination fees and costs resulted in lower income under U.S. GAAP as compared to
Indian GAAP, primarily due to lower direct loan origination costs on consumer loans incurred during this year which were deferred for
amortization in subsequent years and during fiscal, 2024, the amortization of loan origination fees and costs resulted in higher income
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, primarily due to higher direct loan origination costs on consumer loans incurred during this
year.

While under Indian GAAP, actuarial
gain or loss are recognized in profit and loss account, under U.S. GAAP, the actuarial gain/loss are recognized through other comprehensive
income and thereafter amortized through profit and loss account. The actuarial loss for fiscal 2026 and 2025 recognized through other
comprehensive income were higher as compared to amortization of actuarial losses for previous years from other comprehensive income under
U.S. GAAP, resulting in retirement benefit costs being lower under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025 as

F-
146

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

compared to Indian GAAP.
The actuarial gain for fiscal 2024 recognized through other comprehensive income were higher as compared to amortization of actuarial
gains and losses for previous years from other comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP, resulting in retirement benefit costs being higher
under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2024 as compared to Indian GAAP. Further, during fiscal 2026, the past service cost resulting from labor code
change was recognised in profit and loss account under Indian GAAP and was recognized in other comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP. This
resulted in higher income under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for fiscal 2026. This past service cost would be amortized in profit
and loss account over the remaining service period in profit and loss account under US GAAP.

See note on "Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 9 – Advances" for balance sheet presentation
of amortization of loan processing fees and cost.

f)   Accounting for derivatives

Under Indian GAAP, the Group
hedges interest rate and exchange rate risks on some on-balance sheet assets and liabilities through swap contracts. The impact of such
derivative instruments is correlated with the movement of underlying assets and liabilities and accounted pursuant to the principles of
the hedge accounting. Under Indian GAAP, based on the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines, accounting for hedge relationship established
after June 26, 2019 by the Bank, is based on Guidance note on Accounting for Derivative Contracts issued by Institute of Chartered Accountant
of India. The hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) are measured at fair value with changes recognized
in the profit and loss account. For hedge relationship established before June 26, 2019, the accounting is based on accrual basis. To
the extent a cash flow hedge is effective, the change in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recognized in cash flow hedge reserve.
The ineffective portion of hedge is accounted in profit and loss account. The premium/discount on certain foreign currency swaps, used
for asset liability management purposes, is amortized over the life of the swap. All other outstanding forward exchange contracts are
revalued and the resultant gains or losses are recognized in the profit and loss account.

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
accounts for its derivative transactions in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815 “Derivatives and Hedging”.
Accordingly, certain derivative contracts classified as hedges under Indian GAAP may not qualify as hedges under U.S. GAAP and are accounted
for as trading derivatives with changes in fair value being recorded in the income statement.

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
has designated certain derivatives as fair value hedges of certain interest bearing assets and liabilities under ASC Topic 815. At the
inception of a hedge transaction, the Group formally documents the hedge relationship and the risk management objective and strategy for
undertaking the hedge. This process includes identification of the hedging instrument, hedged item, risk being hedged and the methodology
for assessing effectiveness and measuring ineffectiveness of hedge. In addition, the Group assesses both at the inception of the hedge
and on an ongoing basis, whether the hedge instrument used in the hedging transaction is effective in offsetting changes in fair value
of the hedged item, and whether the hedge is expected to continue to be highly effective. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that
is designated and qualifies as a fair value hedge, along with the gain or loss on the hedged asset or liability are recorded on a net
basis in the income statement. The Group has also designated certain forward contracts as hedging instruments for its certain net investments
in foreign operations which are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 815.

g)   Accounting for compensation cost

FASB ASC Topic 718, “Compensation
– stock compensation” requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options to be recognized
in the income statement based on their fair values. Under Indian GAAP, since fiscal 2022, the Bank has started recognizing the compensation
cost based on the fair value. The general insurance subsidiary of the Bank continues to recognize the compensation cost on intrinsic value
bases. Under Intrinsic value method, compensation cost is measured by the excess, if any, of the fair market price of the underlying stock
over the exercise price on the grant date. The Group did not recognize an income tax benefit related to compensation costs for employee
stock options or units.

F-
147

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

h)   Accounting for securitization

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
accounts for gain on sale of loans securitized at the time of sale in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and Servicing”.
As per ASC Topic 860, any gain or loss on the sale of the financial asset is accounted for in the income statement at the time of the
sale. As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, gain realized at the time of securitization of loans is
accounted through profit and loss account on completion of transaction. The unrealized gains, associated with expected future margin income
is recognized in profit and loss account only when redeemed in cash, after absorbing losses, if any. Net loss arising on account of the
sell-down securitization of loan assets is recognized at the time of sale.

Further, the securitization
transactions of mortgage loans by the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary do not qualify as sale transactions as they do not meet the de-recognition
criteria under Indian GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, these securitization transactions have been accounted for as sale as these satisfy the derecognition
criteria under ASC Topic 860 “Transfers and Servicing”.

Under ASC Topic 860 “Transfers
and Servicing”, certain securitization transactions, which qualify as sale under Indian GAAP, do not qualify as sale under U.S.
GAAP. See note 22 (a) on “Securitizations and variable interest entities”.

i)   Income taxes

Deferred taxes are recognized
on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates, subject to limited exceptions under U.S. GAAP
while under Indian GAAP, no deferred taxes are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and
affiliates.

The Bank has recognized current
tax expense or benefit and recognized deferred tax assets or liabilities on the foreign currency translation reserves pertaining to its
overseas branches under Indian GAAP with these offsetting amounts allocated to net income. Under U.S. GAAP, no deferred tax assets or
liabilities are recognized on undistributed earnings of overseas branches where current taxes have been incurred and that current tax
expense or benefit incurred has been allocated to Other Comprehensive Income.

Under Indian GAAP, deferred
tax assets on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses of domestic companies are recognized only if there is virtual certainty
of realization of such assets, whereas under U.S. GAAP they are recognized based on a more-likely-than-not criteria.

The Bank and its housing finance
subsidiary create a Special Reserve through appropriation of profits from time to time and receive the current tax benefit as per the
Income Tax Act, 1961 for the appropriation. If the funds are withdrawn from the Special Reserve in future periods, the amount withdrawn
is taxable. Under Indian GAAP, a deferred tax liability has been recognized on such Special Reserve in accordance with the guidelines
issued by Reserve Bank of India/National Housing Bank. Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are recognized and measured based on the expected
manner of recovery and deferred taxes are not recognized if the expected manner of recovery does not give rise to income tax consequences. Accordingly,
a deferred tax liability was not recognized under U.S. GAAP on the Special Reserve based on the Group’s continuing intention to
not withdraw or utilize such Special Reserve until a liquidation of the entity and on an opinion from the legal counsel about the non–taxability
of such Special Reserve in the scenario of a liquidation.

F-
148

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Under Indian GAAP, no deferred
tax asset is recognized on land, which is not depreciable for income tax purposes. Under U.S. GAAP, a deferred tax asset is recognized
for any temporary difference related to such assets including consideration of any indexation benefit available under tax laws. During
fiscal 2025 indexation benefit was withdrawn based on Finance Act, 2024 and accordingly the deferred tax asset that existed under U.S.
GAAP until March 31, 2024, was reversed in fiscal 2025.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the income tax impact of the non-tax adjustments that result from the application of U.S. GAAP.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the adjustments to income tax (expense)/benefit in the net income reconciliation.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Deferred tax on temporary differences related to subsidiaries, branches and affiliates 1   (2,293.1)   3,657.6   (10,739.1)
Deferred tax on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses   (1,661.5)   1,286.7   1,237.8
Deferred tax on Special Reserve   8,474.4   7,968.2   7,793.9
Deferred tax on temporary difference on property and equipment   ..   (513.5)   13.3
Income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments   (586.3)   7,344.9   19,972.5
Total differences in income taxes benefit/(expense)   3,933.5   19,743.9   18,278.4

1.   During fiscal 2024, the tax effects of temporary differences related to investments in ICICI General were reversed, as ICICI General
ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary and U.S GAAP prohibits the recognition of a deferred tax asset for investments in subsidiaries
for which the temporary difference isn’t apparent to reverse in the foreseeable future.

At March 31, 2026, ICICI Bank
stockholders’ equity was higher by Rs. 45,902.5 million (March 31, 2025: higher by Rs. 24,947.5 million), under U.S. GAAP as compared
to Indian GAAP on account of income tax adjustments, of which deferred tax on temporary differences related to subsidiaries, branches
and affiliates amounted to Rs. 17,156.5 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 20,641.1 million), deferred taxes not being recognized under U.S.
GAAP related to foreign currency translation reserves pertaining to overseas branches amounted to Rs. (2,928.9) million (March 31, 2025:
Rs. (542.8) million), deferred tax on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses amounted to Rs. 2,276.8 million (March 31, 2025:
Rs. 3,938.3 million), deferred tax on Special Reserve amounted to Rs. 61,101.5 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 52,627.1 million) and income
tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments amounted to Rs. (31,703.4) million (March 31, 2025: Rs. (51,716.2) million). Further, total
equity as per U.S. GAAP was higher by Rs. 32,210.5 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 7,619.5 million) as compared to Indian GAAP on a gross
basis including the share of non-controlling interests as a result of all adjustments to deferred taxes. Within this amount, the income
tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments was Rs. (45,395.4) million at March 31, 2026 on a gross basis including the share of non-controlling
interests (March 31, 2025: Rs. (69,044.2) million), while all other income tax adjustments on a gross basis were the same as the amount
net of non-controlling interests.

See note on "Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 18A - Notes forming part of the accounts - 9. Deferred
tax" for Indian GAAP presentation.

F-
149

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

j)   Others

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
and its housing finance subsidiary have revalued fixed assets and created a revaluation reserve amounting to Rs. 39,450.4 million at March
31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: Rs. 37,795.2 million). Under U.S. GAAP, fixed assets (net of accumulated depreciation) are recognized on cost
basis, as per ASC Topic 360 – Property, Plant and Equipment. Further, additional depreciation has been charged to income statement
on revalued amount under Indian GAAP, but not under U.S. GAAP, resulting in lower depreciation charge by Rs. 1,143.2 million under U.S.
GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for the year ended March 31, 2026 (Rs. 848.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2025, and Rs. 812.5
million for the year ended March 31, 2024).

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
has made provisions on certain fixed assets acquired in debt asset swap arrangements as per the direction of Reserve Bank of India. Under
U.S. GAAP, these fixed assets were carried at book value or fair value, whichever is lower. There was a lower profit of Rs. 2,987.6 million
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for the year ended March 31, 2026 (higher profit of Rs. 140.8 million for the year ended March
31, 2025, and higher profit of Rs. 7,095.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2024).

Under Indian GAAP, the
Bank recognizes the lease cost on a straight-line basis over the period of lease. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank recognizes the right to
use assets and lease liabilities in case of leases and recognizes the lease cost on a straight-line basis over the period of lease
which includes interest expense on lease liabilities and depreciation on right to use assets. There was a lower profit of Rs. 49.7
million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for the year ended March 31, 2026 (higher profit of Rs. 265.5 million for the
year ended March 31, 2025, and lower profit of Rs. 217.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2024).

22.   Notes under U.S. GAAP

Additional information required
under U.S. GAAP

a)   Securitizations and variable interest entities

Overview

The Bank and its subsidiaries
are involved with several types of off-balance-sheet arrangements, including special purpose entities.

Uses of Special Purpose Entities

The Group deals with some special
purpose entities which were created to fulfill limited purposes as specified in their governing documents. The primary purpose of these
special purpose entities is to receive contributions from investors for buying assets from the transferor, hold such purchased assets
on behalf of the contributors to the trust and making regular payments to the investors from the proceeds of purchased assets. These special
purpose entities have been organized mainly in the legal forms of trusts. In a securitization, the company transferring assets to a special
purpose entity converts all (or a portion) of those assets into cash before they would have been realized in the normal course of business,
through the special purpose entities issuance of debt and equity instruments, certificates, commercial paper and other notes of indebtedness,
which are recorded on the balance sheet of the special purpose entity and not reflected in the transferring company’s balance sheet,
assuming applicable accounting requirements are satisfied. Investors usually have recourse to the assets in the special purpose entity
and often benefit from other credit enhancements, such as a collateral account or over-collateralization in the form of excess assets
in the special purpose entity, a line of credit, or from a liquidity facility, such as liquidity put option or asset purchase agreement.
In accordance with ASC 810-10, the Group consolidates these entities as variable interest entities as explained below.

F-
150

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Variable Interest Entities

Variable interest entities
are entities that have either a total equity investment that is not sufficient to finance its activities without additional subordinated
financial support, or whose equity investors lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest (i.e. power through voting rights
or similar rights to direct the activities of a legal entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and
right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity or obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity). Investors that
finance the variable interest entity through debt or equity interests or other counterparties that provide other forms of support, such
as guarantees, subordinated fee arrangements, or certain types of derivative contracts, are variable interest holders in the entity. The
variable interest holder, if any, that has a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity is deemed to be the primary
beneficiary and must consolidate the variable interest entity. Accordingly, the Group has determined that it has a controlling financial
interest because it is the primary beneficiary of certain trusts and entities, based on its determination that it has both, the power
to direct activities of a variable interest entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, and obligation
to absorb losses of the variable interest entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity or the right to
receive benefits from the variable interest entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity.

The following table sets forth
the Group’s involvement with consolidated and unconsolidated variable interest entities in which the Group holds significant variable
interests.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Year
ended March 31, 2026   Year
ended March 31, 2025
Mortgage backed securitizations (funded)
Significant investment in unconsolidated variable interest entities   ..   ..
Investment in consolidated variable interest entities   1,426.5   1,425.8
Total investment in variable interest entity assets (gross
    assets)   1,426.5   1,425.8

The asset balances for consolidated
variable interest entities represent the carrying amounts of the assets consolidated by the Group. The carrying amount may represent the
amortized cost or the current fair value of the assets depending on the legal form of the asset (e.g., loan or security) and the Group’s
standard accounting policies for the asset type and line of business. The assets of variable interest entities can be utilized only for
the settlement of the obligations of respective variable interest entities.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the carrying amounts and classification of the consolidated assets and liabilities, in respect of variable
interest entities and special purpose entities where the Group is primary beneficiary. The liabilities of the consolidated variable interest
entities are to be met from the proceeds of the consolidated assets and other support provided by the Bank in the form of credit enhancements
and liquidity facilities. The creditors of the consolidated variable interest entities do not have recourse to the general credit of the
Group
.

Rupees in million
Particulars   At March 31,  2026   At March 31,  2025
Investments   365.2   442.0
Loans   827.8   804.8
Total assets   1,193.0   1,247.1
Borrowings   187.0   221.7
Total liabilities   187.0   221.7

F-
151

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Bank invests in pass through
certificates of securitization trusts with underlying retail loans originated by other entities. The carrying value of such investments
was Rs. 146,873.1 million at March 31, 2026 (March 31, 2025: Rs. 160,214.5 million). The Bank is not the primary beneficiary of these
trusts based on its assessment under ASC Subtopic 810-10 - Consolidation – overall. Further, neither was the Bank the transferor
of assets to these variable interest entities, nor was the Bank involved in the design of these variable interest entities. The maximum
exposure to loss from the Bank’s involvement in these trusts is the carrying value of the investments.

b)   Fair value accounting of financial interests

In fiscal 2016, the Reserve
Bank of India issued guidelines on strategic debt restructuring under which conversion of debt into equity and acquisition of ownership
interests in the borrower entity by banks was allowed. The Bank, along with other lenders, converted a portion of its loans to certain
entities into equity as per this guideline. Such conversion also allowed each lender, the right to nominate directors on the Board of
the borrower entity. Although these entities were considered as equity affiliates under ASC Subtopic 323-10 because of deemed significant
influence due to ownership interests and management rights, the intention of the Bank was to safeguard the debt recovery and not to get
an economic benefit from the operations of these entities. Accordingly, the Bank opted for fair value option for accounting these affiliates
and the loans, guarantees and equity share investments in these entities were fair valued through income statement under ASC Subtopic
825-10 “Financial Instruments”.

The following table, for the
periods indicated, provides details of fair value accounting of financial interests

Rupees in million
Particulars   At
March 31, 2026   At
March 31, 2025
Carrying value of loans and guarantees 1   12,724.5   15,847.6
Fair value of loans and guarantees   8,712.9   10,284.0
Of which, fair value of loans outstanding for more than 90-days past due   374.4   845.0
Fair value loss on loans and guarantees   4,011.6   5,563.6
Of which, fair value loss on loans outstanding for more than 90-days due   2,683.8   3,767.9
Fair value on investment in these financial interests   10,167.7   11,383.3

1.   The Bank has not recognized interest separately on these loans.

The Group’s shareholding
in these entities at March 31, 2026 is as below:

Sr. No.   Name of the entity   Ownership interest
1.   Usher Agro limited   10.88%
2.   Gammon India Limited   10.65%
3.   Jaiprakash Power Ventures Limited   10.13%
4.   GOL Offshore Limited   9.11%
5.   IVRCL Limited   7.98%
6.   Pratibha Industries Limited   3.01%
7.   Adhunik Power and Natural Resources Limited   1.77%
8.   Aster Private Limited   1.77%
9.   Patel Engineering Limited   0.77%
10.   Ballarpur Industries Limited   0.68%
11.   Diamond Power Infrastructure Limited   ..1
12.   Vishwa Infrastructure and Services Private Limited   ..1
13.   Coastal Projects Limited   ..1

1.   The Bank does not hold any equity investments in these entities but have loans and guarantees outstanding
which are fair valued.

F-
152

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

c)   Investments

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as held for trading.

Rupees in million
Debt securities   At March 31, 2026   At March 31, 2025
Government securities   429,765.1   585,914.9
Corporate debt securities   263,127.7   271,868.2
Other debt securities   84,829.8   132,844.8
Total   777,722.6   990,627.9

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million
At March 31, 2026
Amortized cost/cost   Gross Unrealized gain   Gross Unrealized loss   Fair
value
Available for sale
Government securities   3,974,475.1   36,951.7   (18,421.6   )   3,993,005.3
Corporate debt securities   465,604.0   5,053.6   (1,226.0   )   469,431.5
Other debt securities   246,834.1   1,795.3   (175.5   )   248,453.9
Total debt securities   4,686,913.2   43,800.6   (19,823.1   )   4,710,890.7
Other securities   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   4,686,913.2   43,800.6   (19,823.1   )   4,710,890.7

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million
At March 31, 2025
Amortized cost/cost   Gross Unrealized gain   Gross Unrealized loss   Fair
value
Available for sale
Government securities   3,971,020.5   95,206.6   (1,178.3   )   4,065,048.8
Corporate debt securities   413,174.3   10,399.8   (530.8   )   423,043.3
Other debt securities   268,251.4   7,470.7   (131.7   )   275,590.5
Total debt securities   4,652,446.2   113,077.1   (1,840.8   )   4,763,682.5
Other securities   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   4,652,446.2   113,077.1   (1,840.8   )   4,763,682.5

The fair value of the Group’s
investment in equity securities based on readily determinable fair value at March 31, 2026, was Rs. 172,145.9 million (at March 31, 2025:
Rs. 165,195.1 million) and fair value of observable orderly transactions at March 31, 2026, was Rs. 4,592.8 million (at March 31, 2025:
Rs. 11,025.2 million). The Group recorded a gain of Rs. 2,324.4 million on securities fair valued based on observable price in orderly
transactions during fiscal 2026 (fiscal 2025: gain of Rs. 1,473.5 million).

F-
153

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Further, the Group’s
investments portfolio also contains investments held by its venture capital subsidiary, investments in non-readily marketable securities
and investments in affiliates. The fair value of investments held by the venture capital subsidiary was Nil at March 31, 2026 and Rs.
56.6 million at March 31, 2025. Non-readily marketable securities primarily represent investments in affiliates and investment in start-up
entities or investments acquired on conversion of loans in debt restructurings. The investments in non-readily marketable securities and
investment in affiliates was Rs. 173,868.5 million at March 31, 2026, and Rs. 145,923.5 million at March 31, 2025. Further, the fair value
of certain investments, where Bank has opted for fair value accounting was Rs. 10,167.7 million at March 31, 2026, and Rs. 11,383.3 million
at March 31, 2025, under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial Instruments”.

d)   Fair value measurements

The Group determines the fair
values of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820. The standard describes three levels
of inputs that may be used to measure fair value.

Level 1

Valuation is based upon unadjusted
quoted prices of identical instruments traded in active markets on reporting date. The instruments that have been valued based upon such
quoted prices include traded equity shares, mutual funds, government securities, corporate bonds, certificate of deposits, commercial
papers, futures and forex spots and forwards.

Level 2

Valuation is based upon quoted
prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, prices
quoted by market participants and prices derived from valuation models which use significant inputs that are observable in active markets.
Inputs used include interest rates, yield curves, volatilities, credit spreads, which are available from public sources like Reuters,
Bloomberg, Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income Money Markets &
Derivatives Association of India.

The products include government
securities, debentures and bonds, certificate of deposits, commercial papers, forex options, single currency interest rate derivatives,
forwards, cross currency interest rate swaps, Bond forward rate agreements and borrowings and deposits against which the Group has entered
into a fair value hedge.

Level 3

Valuation is based on valuation
techniques or models which use significant market unobservable inputs or assumptions. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when
their values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant
model assumption or input is unobservable or when determination of the fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation.

India-linked non-Rupee denominated
bonds, which are not quoted are valued by discounting cash flows using rates incorporating fair market spreads published by Bloomberg/Reuters
corresponding to the international foreign currency ratings of the issuer (capped at international sovereign rating) along with mark-up.
The value of retained interest in securitizations in Bank’s Canadian subsidiary, largely representing the excess spread of mortgage
interest over the rate of return on the mortgage backed securities, is similarly impacted by the amount and timing of cash flows from
the underlying mortgage assets.

F-
154

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

In case of private equity investments,
the inputs used include the valuation multiples for comparable listed companies and adjustments for illiquidity and other factors.

In case of listed equity shares
not quoted on an exchange for past 15 days or unlisted equity shares, break-up value (computed as ratio of value of company to number
of equity shares outstanding) is used for valuation.

The valuation of Indian pass
through certificates is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying trust would pay out. The underlying trust/originator
makes a number of assumptions with regard to various variables to arrive at the estimated cashflows. The cash flow schedule received from
the trust is discounted at the base yield curve rates and credit spreads published by Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed
Income Money Markets & Derivatives Association of India at month ends. Accordingly, these instruments are classified as Level 3 instruments.
A reduction in the estimated cash flows of these instruments will adversely impact the value of these certificates. A change in the timing
of these estimated cash flows will also impact the value of these certificates.

Rupee swaptions and Rupee treasury
bill interest rate swaps were valued using valuation model and discounted cash flow methodology respectively based on adjustments carried
out on market observable proxy as one of the inputs is unobservable.

The valuation of certain loans,
which have been fair valued as per ASC Subtopic 825-10, is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying borrowers would pay
out. The Bank makes a number of assumptions with regard to various variables to arrive at the estimated cash flows. The cash flow schedule
is discounted at the current interest rate, which the Bank is likely to offer for loan facilities to borrowers in the similar rating grades,
which are not market observable. Accordingly, these loans are classified as Level 3 assets. The value of such loans will be impacted by
changes in amount and timing of the estimated cash flows from the borrowers.

Investments in venture funds and security receipts

Investments in venture fund
units and security receipts for which fair value is measured using net asset value, as a practical expedient, are not included in fair
value hierarchy.

The Group holds investments
in certain venture capital funds and security receipts. The fair value of these investments has been estimated using the net asset value
per unit as declared by such investee entities. The security receipts are issued by asset reconstruction companies with underlying mainly
as non-performing loans with objectives of gains through improvement in recoveries on these assets. The venture capital fund units are
issued by venture capital funds with underlying investment in equity shares and other instruments with the objective of generating long
term returns. Some of the venture capital funds have focused investments in real estate and infrastructure sectors. The cash flow from
these investments is expected to happen through distribution upon liquidation of the underlying assets by the asset reconstruction companies’/venture
capital funds. A reduction in the estimated cash flows from the underlying assets or delays in collection of estimated cash flows will
adversely impact the net asset values and therefore the fair value of these investments.

The following table sets forth,
the information about the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring/non-recurring basis at March 31,
2026 and the level of inputs used to measure those products.

Rupees in million
Description
Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Investments
Equity shares   121,757.3   ..   4,476.1 6   126,233.4
Government debt securities   2,268,233.8   2,154,536.5   ..   4,422,770.3
Corporate debt securities   351,080.8   379,747.6   1,991.2   732,819.6
Mortgage and other asset backed securities   ..   ..   146,508.3   146,508.3
Others 1   200,046.7   35,473.5   135.16   235,655.3

F-
155

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million
Description
Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Sub-total   2,941,118.6   2,569,757.6   153,110.7   5,663,986.9
Security receipts 2   ..
Venture fund units 2   17,005.3
Total investments   5,680,992.2
Derivatives (positive mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   62,912.9   1,790.6   64,703.5
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   1,471.0   136,597.7   ..   138,068.7
Equity derivatives   2.7   ..   ..   2.7
Total positive mark-to-market   1,473.7   199,510.6   1,790.6   202,774.9
Derivatives (negative mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   (52,975.4   )   (910.7   )   (53,886.1   )
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   (5,205.9   )   (170,290.2   )   ..   (175,496.1   )
Equity derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total negative mark-to-market   (5,205.9   )   (223,265.6   )   (910.7   )   (229,382.2   )
Borrowings/deposits
Deposits   ..   (10,026.5   )   ..   (10,026.5   )
Bonds/deposits   ..   (378,444.9   )   ..   (378,444.9   )
Total borrowings/deposits   ..   (388,471.4   )   ..   (388,471.4   )
Loans
Loans 5   ..   ..   8,712.9   8,712.9
Total loans   ..   ..   8,712.9   8,712.9

1.   Includes primarily certificate of deposits, commercial paper and mutual funds.

2.   Fair value for these investments has been estimated using net asset value per unit
as declared by investee entities as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35 – “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures”. The fair
value for these investments has not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35-54B.

3.   Foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options and
are also included in interest rate derivatives.

4.   Foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency
futures are included in currency derivatives.

5.   Represents loans given to affiliates where bank has opted for fair valuation option.

6.   Represents investments fair valued based on measurement alternative by considering
observable price in orderly market transactions occurred during the year on a non-recurring basis.

7.   During Fiscal 2026, the Bank has enhanced its policy
on levelling for the purpose of fair value hierarchy which involves refinement of active market assessment based on recency of trades
as of the measurement date and accordingly the leveling of securities has been updated to that extent.

The following table sets forth,
the information about the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring/non-recurring basis at March 31,
2025 and the level of inputs used to measure those products.

Rupees in million
Description   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Investments
Equity shares   122,140.1   ..   9,452.66   131,592.8
Government debt securities   4,001,090.0   649,873.7   ..   4,650,963.7
Corporate debt securities   465,309.8   225,496.5   4,965.8   695,772.1
Mortgage and other asset backed securities   ..   ..   164,559.4   164,559.4
Others 1   87,641.6   194,765.8   1,022.4   283,429.8
Sub-total   4,676,181.6   1,070,136.0   180,000.2   5,926,317.8
Security receipts 2   ..
Venture fund units 2   15,653.8
Total investments   5,941,971.6
Derivatives (positive mark-to-market)

F-
156

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million
Description   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   64,035.7   1,278.0   65,313.7
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   1,100.3   68,660.8   ..   69,761.1
Equity derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total positive mark-to-market   1,100.3   132,696.5   1,278.0   135,074.8
Derivatives (negative mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   (61,555.6   )   (628.8   )   (62,184.3   )
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   (364.7   )   (107,070.9   )   ..   (107,436.6   )
Equity derivatives   (3.0   )   ..   ..   (3.0   )
Total negative mark-to-market   (367.7   )   (168,626.5   )   (628.8   )   (169,622.9   )
Borrowings/deposits
Deposits   ..   (10,114.9   )   ..   (10,114.9   )
Bonds/deposits   ..   (378,673.0   )   ..   (378,673.0   )
Total borrowings/deposits   ..   (388,787.9   )   ..   (388,787.9   )
Loans
Loans 5   ..   ..   10,284.0   10,284.0
Total loans   ..   ..   10,284.0   10,284.0

1.   Includes primarily certificate of deposits, commercial paper and mutual funds.

2.   Fair value for these investments has been estimated using net asset value per unit
as declared by investee entities as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35 – “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures”. The fair
value for these investments has not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35-54B.

3.   Foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options and
are also included in interest rate derivatives.

4.   Foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency
futures are included in currency derivatives.

5.   Represents loans given to affiliates where bank has opted for fair valuation option.

6.   Represents investments fair valued based on measurement alternative by considering
the observable price in orderly market transactions occurred during the year on a non-recurring basis.

F-
157

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 assets for the year ended March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Description   Investments
Equity shares   Corporate debt securities   Mortgage and other asset backed securities   Others   Total   Loans
Beginning balance at April 1, 2025   9,452.6   4,965.9   164,559.5   1,022.4   180,000.4   10,284.0
Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)   (56.6   )   ..   ..   ..   (56.6   )   ..
-Translation adjustment   3.9   ..   164.7   ..   168.6   ..
-Included in earnings   1,917.9   3,932.4   74.0   (98.8   )   5,825.5   1,646.5
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   ..   (1,935.4   )   (5,528.9   )   ..   (7,464.3   )   ..
Purchases/additions   260.8   ..   67,630.9   ..   67,891.7   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   1,069.6   ..   1,069.6   ..
Settlements   ..   (4,971.7   )   (81,461.4   )   (143.2   )   (86,576.3   )   (3,217.6   )
Transfers in Level 3   1,179.4 2   ..   ..   237.3 2   1,416.7   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   (8,281.9   ) 3   ..   ..   (882.6   ) 3   (9,164.5   )   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2026   4,476.1   1,991.2   146,508.4   135.1   153,110.8   8,712.9
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   1,927.8   925.0   30.1   (107.3   )   2,775.5   1,646.5
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in other comprehensive income attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   ..   (413.6   )   (5,453.5   )   ..   (5,867.1   )   ..

1.   Includes India-linked asset backed securities.

2.   Represents investments fair valued under measurement alternative where the observable price under the
orderly transactions were available during the year on non-recurring basis.

3.   Represents investments fair valued under measurement alternative where the observable price under the
orderly transactions were not available during the year on non-recurring basis.

F-
158

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 assets for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Description   Investments
Equity shares   Corporate debt securities   Mortgage and other asset backed securities   Others   Total   Loans
Beginning balance at April 1, 2024   12,001.1   3,554.3   192,871.3   1,757.3   210,184.0   11,795.1
Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
-Translation adjustment   0.7   17.8   (54.9   )   (13.5   )   (49.9   )   ..
-Included in earnings   1,086.9   1,257.8   78.9   209.3   2,632.9   119.7
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   (26.6   )   1,613.7   2,764.3   0.1   4,351.5   ..
Purchases/additions   80.0   ..   75,395.6   ..   75,475.6   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   197.3   ..   197.3   ..
Settlements   (41.4   )   (1,477.7   )   (106,693.0   )   ..   (108,212.1   )   (1,630.8   )
Transfers in Level 3   385.2 2   ..   ..   ..   385.2   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   (4,033.4   ) 3   ..   ..   (930.8   ) 3   (4,964.2   )   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2025   9,452.6   4,965.9   164,559.5   1,022.4   180,000.4   10,284.0
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   1,086.9   701.0   35.1   209.3   2,032.3   (271.6   )
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in other comprehensive income attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   4.3   1,667.0   2,793.8   ..   4,465.1   ..

1.   Includes India-linked asset backed securities.

2.   Represents investments fair valued under measurement alternative where the observable price under the
orderly transactions were available during the year on non-recurring basis.

3.   Represents investments fair valued under measurement alternative where the observable price under the
orderly transactions were not available during the year on non-recurring basis.

F-
159

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, certain additional
information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Description
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives   Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives)   Equity derivatives   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2025   649.2   ..   ..   649.2
Total gains or losses(realized/unrealized)   ..   ..
-Translation adjustment   ..   ..
-Included in earnings   238.4   ..   ..   238.4
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   ..   ..   ..   ..
Purchases   ..   ..   ..   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   ..   ..
Settlements   (7.7   )   ..   ..   (7.7   )
Transfers in Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reduction due to deconsolidation of entity   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2026   879.9   879.9
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   242.0   ..   ..   242.0

F-
160

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, certain additional
information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Description
Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives   Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives)   Equity derivatives   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2024   2,510.3   ..   ..   2,510.3
Total gains or losses(realized/unrealized)   ..   ..
-Translation adjustment   ..   ..
-Included in earnings   (1,783.8)   ..   ..   (1,783.8)
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   ..   ..   ..   ..
Purchases   ..   ..   ..   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   ..   ..
Settlements   (77.3   )   ..   ..   (77.3   )
Transfers in Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reduction due to deconsolidation of entity   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2025   649.2   649.2
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   (1,883.7)   ..   ..   (1,883.7)

F-
161

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Quantitative information about unobservable inputs used in Level
3 fair value measurements

The Group Level 3
instruments consist of investment, loans and derivatives. An asset is classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy when one or more
unobservable inputs are used that are considered significant to its valuation.

The following table
sets forth, significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments at March 31, 2026.

Sr. No.   Product   Fair value (Rs. in million)   Principal Valuation techniques   Unobservable inputs   Units   Range of input values
Low   High   Weighted average
1   Loans   8,712.9   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   12.7%   46.0%   19.9%
Loss Severity   %   0.6%   100%   26.0%
2   Investment
2A   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - India linked   145,046.3   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   7.6%   11.8%   7.9%
2B   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - Non India linked   1,462.0   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   2.3%   3.1%   2.7%
2C   Corporate Debt securities   1,991.2   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   10.1%   16.0%   15.2%
Loss Severity   %   0.0%   100.0%   74.2%
2D   Equity shares - Non India Linked   11.4   Price Based   Listed price per share of the same issuer   USD   ..   1,336.00   1,336.00
Mark down for price per share   %   ..   50.0%   50.0%
3   Interest Rate derivatives - India linked   870.4   Discounted cash flow   Markdown for the discount rate   BPS   77   77   77
Interest Rate derivatives – Non India linked   9.5   Counterparty quote based   ..   ..   40.0   40.0   40.0

F-
162

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments at March 31, 2025.

Sr. No.   Product   Fair value (Rs. in million)   Principal Valuation techniques   Unobservable inputs   Units   Range of input values
Low   High   Weighted average
1   Loans   10,284.0   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   13.6%   50.3%   23.4%
Loss Severity   %   0.0%   100.0%   31.7%
2   Investment
2A   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - India linked   163,400.5   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   7.2%   12.6%   7.8%
2B   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - Non India linked   1,158.8   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   2.3%   3.1%   2.4%
2C   Corporate Debt securities   4,965.8   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   9.1%   16.0%   14.7%
Loss Severity   %   ..   100.0%   68.4%
2D   Equity shares - Non India Linked   19.9   Comparable analysis   Listed price per share of the same issuer   USD   ..   1,336.0   1,336.0
Illiquidity and other discount   %   ..   50.00%   50.00%
2E   Equity shares - India Linked   56.6   Net asset valuations   Net asset value   %   131.36%   331.47%   192.37%
3   Interest Rate derivatives - India linked   628.5   Discounted cash flow   Markdown for the discount rate   BPS   77   77   77
Interest Rate derivatives – Non India linked   20.7   Counterparty quote based   ..   ..   40.0   40.0   40.0

e)   Investment securities in unrealized loss position

The Group adopted
ASU Topic 2016-13, “Financial Instruments—Credit Losses” effective April 1, 2020. The Group has determined that certain
available for sale debt securities with unrealized losses do not have credit losses. The Group conducts a review each year to identify
and evaluate investments that have indications of credit losses. Factors considered in determining whether a credit loss exists include
the extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost of a security, credit rating and financial condition of the issuer.
A credit loss is computed as difference between the amortized cost basis of the security and the present value of cash flows expected
to be collected from a security, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than amortized cost basis. The Group considers whether
the investments have been identified for sale or whether it is more likely than not that the Group will be required to sell the investment
before recovery of its amortized cost basis. The Group does not recognize an allowance on accrued interest as the Group’s policy
is to reverse uncollected accrued interest immediately after 90 days past due by derecognizing interest income.

F-
163

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, the fair value of the debt investments in available for sale debt securities and unrealized loss position, at March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Description of securities   Less than 12 months   12 months or longer   Total
Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses
Corporate debt securities   32,858.4   (327.0   )   89,552.8   (899.0   )   122,411.2   (1,226.0   )
Government securities   1,231,034.8   (11,756.9   )   237,110.7   (6,664.7   )   1,468,145.5   (18,421.6   )
Other debt securities   35,426.0   (122.5   )   2,448.8   (53.0   )   37,874.8   (175.5   )
Total debt securities   1,299,319.2   (12,206.4   )   329,112.3   (7,616.7   )   1,628,431.5   (19,823.1   )

The following table
sets forth, the fair value of the debt investments in available for sale debt securities and unrealized loss position, at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Description of securities   Less than 12 months   12 months or longer   Total
Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses
Corporate debt securities   19,420.4   (203.8   )   239,930.8   (327.0   )   259,351.2   (530.8   )
Government securities   2,995.1   (76.6   )   265,869.8   (1,101.7   )   268,864.9   (1,178.3   )
Other debt securities   17,953.1   (1.8   )   3,150.6   (129.9   )   21,103.7   (131.8   )
Total debt securities   40,368.6   (282.2   )   508,951.2   (1,558.6   )   549,319.8   (1,840.8   )

Certain investments
in debt securities with unrealized losses are not classified as impaired, since the Group has assessed that the securities in an unrealized
loss position have not been identified for sale and it is not more likely than not that the Group will be required to sell the securities
before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current period credit loss.

The Group also holds
certain debt investments with credit losses, which have not been identified for sale and it is not more likely than not that the Group
will be required to sell the securities before an anticipated recovery in value other than credit losses, where the amount representing
the credit losses is recognized in earnings and the amount of loss related to other factors is recognized in Other Comprehensive Income.
The credit losses have been determined based on the difference of present value of expected future cash flows of the securities and the
amortized cost basis of such securities. The Group bases its estimates of future cash flows on evaluation of the issuer’s overall
financial condition, resources and payment record and the realizable value of any collateral, third party guarantees or other credit enhancements.

F-
164

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, roll-forward
of the allowance for credit losses for available for sale debt securities for March 31, 2026:

Rupees in million

Corporate debt securities   Government securities   Other debt securities   Total allowance
Allowance for credit losses at the beginning of the period   6,970.3   ..   327.5   7,297.8
Additions during the year for which credit losses were not previously recorded   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additions to the allowance for credit losses arising from purchased financial assets with credit deterioration   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due to sale of securities during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due to the Group intends to sale the securities or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additional increases or decreases during the year on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period   0.5   ..   16.3   16.8
Write-off during the period   (141.9   )   ..   ..   (141.9   )
Recoveries during the period   (1,877.2   )   ..   (28.2   )   (1,905.4   )
Balance of the allowance for credit losses at the end of the period   4,951.7   ..   315.7   5,267.4

The following table sets forth, roll-forward
of the allowance for credit losses for available for sale debt securities for March 31, 2025:

Rupees
in million

Corporate debt securities   Government securities   Other debt securities   Total allowance
Allowance for credit losses at the beginning of the period   7,612.1   ..   367.1   7,979.2
Additions during the year for which credit losses were not previously recorded   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additions to the allowance for credit losses arising from purchased financial assets with credit deterioration   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due to sale of securities during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due to the Group intends to sale the securities or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additional increases or decreases during the year on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period   0.6   ..   (3.7   )   (3.1   )
Write-off during the period   ..   ..   ..   ..
Recoveries during the period   (642.4   )   ..   (35.9   )   (678.2   )
Balance of the allowance for credit losses at the end of the period   6,970.3   ..   327.5   7,297.8

At March 31,
2026, the Group holds cost method equity investments amounting to Rs. 173,868.5 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 145,923.5 million). The fair
value for such securities has not been estimated in the absence of changes in circumstances that have a significant adverse effect on
the fair value of the investments.

F-
165

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

f)   Loans

The Group follows
the guidance provided in the FASB ASC topic 326: “Financial instruments – Credit Losses” for accounting and measurement
of loan loss allowance. This guidance established a single allowance framework for all financial assets measured at amortized cost including
unfunded credit facilities and loan commitments. This framework requires that management’s estimate reflects credit losses over
the instrument’s remaining expected life and considers expected future changes in macroeconomic conditions.

The estimation of
the allowance for credit losses is complex and requires significant management judgment about the effect of certain matters that are inherently
uncertain. The allowance for credit losses in future periods may be significantly different, considering the macro-economic conditions,
forecasts and other factors then prevailing.

The allowance for
loan losses and allowance for lending-related commitments represents expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of retained
loans and lending-related commitments that are in the nature of non-cancellable by the Group. The expected life of each instrument is
determined by considering its contractual term and expected prepayments.

When calculating
the allowance for credit losses, the Group assesses whether exposures share similar risk characteristics. If similar risk characteristics
exist, the Group estimates expected credit losses collectively, considering the risk associated with a particular segment and the probability
that the exposures within the segment will default, based on risk characteristics such as product type, delinquency status, credit scores,
months on book, etc. For Agriculture loans, a further segmentation of risk characteristics is also carried out based on direct and indirect
agriculture lending. The segmentation for commercial loans is based on risk characteristics such as customer type, risk rating assigned
using internal rating models and delinquency status. The commercial loans are also considered as not sharing similar risk characteristics
if principal or interest has remained overdue for more than 90 days or the borrower has undergone restructuring/likely to be restructured.
The consumer loan, loan commitment and significant portion of commercial loans and unfunded credit exposure share similar risk characteristic
with other credit exposures in the segment, and as a result are collectively assessed for credit loss.

The credit loss on
collective basis is estimated using a current expected credit losses methodology which is based on relevant information about historical
experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the loan balances. The collective
assessment begins with a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation
covers expected credit losses over an instrument’s expected life and is the result of multiplying the individual loan level exposure
at default with the estimated probability of default and loss given default (which is primarily based on historical and expected recoveries).
The probabilities of default are derived using a macro-economic scenario over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. The term structure
for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion to the long run historical information. The forecasts take into consideration
the Group’s overarching economic outlook based on internal as well as external inputs and involve a governed process that incorporates
feedback from senior management.  The quantitative calculation is adjusted to take into consideration model imprecision not yet reflected
in the calculation.

The Group applies
management overlays to its model-based estimates where appropriate. These overlays reflect adjustments to the probability of default to
address limitations in the statistical models, particularly where future economic conditions may evolve differently from the historical
patterns considered while developing these models. The overlays ensure that the expected credit loss estimates remain relevant and incorporate
forward-looking risks that are otherwise difficult to quantify using a model, such as elevated geopolitical risks along with the attendant
volatility in oil and commodity

F-
166

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

prices, expected uneven distribution
of monsoon in India due to the effect of El Nino, geo-economic fragmentation, moderation expected in global as well as Indian growth,
rising inflationary pressures, moderation in IT services growth and artificial intelligence (AI) developments.

If an exposure does
not share risk characteristics with other exposures, expected credit losses are estimated on an individual basis. The credit loss on individual
basis is either estimated on basis of the present value of expected future cash flows or in case of a collateral dependent loan, the net
realizable value of the collateral net of cost to sell, if any. The loans primarily have collateral in the form of business assets or
real estate. For large balance commercial loan, evaluation also includes assessment of individual loans based on borrower specific facts
and circumstances, including financial performance, future prospects and repayment history of the borrower.

Estimating the timing
and amounts of future cash flows is highly judgmental as these cash flow projections rely upon estimates such as loss severities, asset
valuations, default rates, the amounts and timing of interest or principal payments (including any expected prepayments) or other factors
that are reflective of current and expected market conditions. These estimates are, in turn, dependent on factors such as uncertainty
around geo-political situation, current overall economic conditions, portfolio or borrower-specific factors, the expected outcome of insolvency
proceedings as well as, in certain circumstances, other economic factors. All of these estimates and assumptions require significant management
judgment and certain assumptions are highly subjective.

Impaired loans have
been identified at borrower level at March 31, 2026 as compared to account level identification in earlier years. A borrower is considered
impaired when the Group believes it is probable that all amounts due according to the original contractual terms of any of the loans to
the borrower will not be collected. A borrower is generally classified as impaired if any amount of interest or principal on any loan
remains overdue for more than 90 days (one year for direct agriculture loans). The Group does not recognize an allowance on accrued interest
as the Group’s policy is to write-off uncollected accrued interest immediately after 90 days past due (for certain agriculture loans
based on crop cycle) by reversing interest income. Accordingly, the Group has not recognized allowance for loan losses on interest accrued
in Schedule 18B note ‘7. Loans’.

The following table sets forth the details
of impaired loans at March 31, 2026.

Rupees in million
Total recorded investment in impaired loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in impaired loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans 1   185,780.8   142,283.6   4,121.0   189,901.8
Consumer loans 2   141,257.0   61,495.4   ..   141,257.0
Total   327,037.8   203,779.0   4,121.0   331,158.8

1.   Primarily includes commercial loans assessed individually.

2.   Includes consumer loans assessed collectively at borrower level.

F-
167

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth the details
impaired loans at March 31, 2025.

Rupees
in million

Total recorded investment in impaired loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in impaired loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans 1   189,421.0   153,878.5   15,015.6   204,436.6
Consumer loans 2   115,162.6   53,551.4   ..   115,162.7
Total   304,583.6   207,429.9   15,015.6   319,599.3

1.   Primarily includes commercial loans assessed individually.

2.   Includes consumer loans assessed collectively at loan level.

The following table
sets forth the closing balance of allowance for loan losses for  loans at March 31, 2026.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   121,697.7   ..   ..   121,697.7
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   101,651.4   255,072.2   ..   356,723.6
Total allowance for loan losses   223,349.1   255,072.2   ..   478,421.3
Loans
Individually evaluated for impairment   148,864.4   ..   ..   148,864.4
Collectively evaluated for impairment   6,995,180.6   9,460,123.0   ..   16,455,303.6
Total loans   7,144,045.0   9,460,123.0   ..   16,604,168.0

The following table
sets forth the closing balance of allowance for loan losses for  loans at March 31, 2025.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   136,778.5   ..   ..   136,778.5
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   75,954.2   269,006.0   ..   344,960.2
Total allowance for loan losses   212,732.7   269,006.0   ..   481,738.7
Loans
Individually evaluated for impairment   179,275.6   ..   ..   179,275.6
Collectively evaluated for impairment   5,796,696.9   8,376,979.9   ..   14,173,676.8
Total loans   5,975,972.5   8,376,979.9   ..   14,352,952.4

F-
168

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2026:

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Fiscal 2026
Loan commitments   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal year   10,924.7   26,122.4   37,047.1
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the fiscal year   (1,688.3   )   (2,434.5   )   (4,122.8   )
Allowances at the end of the fiscal year   9,236.4   23,687.9   32,924.3

The following table
sets forth, allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2025:

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Fiscal 2025
Loan commitments   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal year.   9,215.3   27,877.3   37,092.6
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the fiscal year   1,709.4   (1,754.9   )   (45.5   )
Allowances at the end of the fiscal year   10,924.7   26,122.4   37,047.1

The following table
sets forth, allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2024:

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Fiscal 2024
Loan commitments   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal year   5,520.3   27,893.6   33,414.0
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the fiscal year   3,695.0   (16.3   )   3,678.6
Allowances at the end of the fiscal year   9,215.3   27,877.3   37,092.6

During the year ended March
31, 2026, there were no loans outstanding where modification was carried due to financial difficulty. Further, the total principal forgiveness
offered by the Group to its borrowers amounted to Rs. 19,795.9 million. During the year ended March 31, 2025, there were no loans outstanding
where modification was carried due to financial difficulty. Further, the total principal forgiveness offered by the Group to its borrowers
amounted to Rs. 19,476.2 million.

F-
169

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth
loans with financial difficulty which were modified during the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Modified Loans with financial difficulty involving following Modifications:
Amortised cost at March 31, 2024   Reduction in interest rates   Extension of term of the loans   Both Interest rate reduction and term extension   % of total loans outstanding   Weighted average reduction in interest rates   Weighted average extension in term (in months)
Commercial loans   693.7   ..   158.9   534.8   0.01   %   7.15   %   77
Consumer loans   1,105.3   ..   1,091.8   13.5   0.01   %   0.48   %   8
Total   1,798.9   ..   1,250.7   548.2   0.01   %

1.   In addition to above the total principal forgiveness offered by the Group to its
borrowers amounted to Rs. 11,932.7 million

2.   Of the above loans modified during the year, commercial loans amounting to Rs. 549.9
million and consumer loans amounting to Rs. 97.9 million defaulted within the 12 months of modification. These defaulted commercial loans
were offered both interest rate reduction and term extension and the defaulted consumer loans were offered the term extension at the time
of modification.

The following table sets forth the past due status at March 31, 2024
of loans with financial difficulty which were modified during the year ended March 31, 2024

Rupees in million
Particulars   Current   Overdue
for 31-60 days   Overdue
for 61-90 days   Overdue
for more than 90 days   Total
Commercial loans   137.0   ..   20.7   535.9   693.6
Consumer loans   1,025.3   13.9   1.8   64.2   1,105.2
Total   1,162.3   13.9   22.5   600.1   1,798.8

Additionally, at
March 31, 2026, the Bank has outstanding loans amounting to Rs. 11,767.1 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 14,984.7 million) to equity affiliates,
where the Bank has opted for fair value accounting under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial Instruments”. See also 22. Notes under
U.S. GAAP – Additional information required under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial interests.

g)   Equity affiliates

Under U.S. GAAP,
the Group accounts for its ownership interest in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited (ICICI Life) by the equity method of
accounting.

ICICI Life

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the summarized U.S. GAAP balance sheet of ICICI Life.

F-
170

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million
At March 31,
Balance sheet   2026   2025
Cash and cash equivalents   61,013.4   45,014.9
Securities   1,474,881.3   1,413,195.1
Assets held to cover linked liabilities   1,510,523.7   1,612,399.0
Other assets   241,792.5   210,950.0
Total assets   3,288,211.0   3,281,559.9
Provision for linked liabilities   1,510,523.7   1,612,399.0
Other liabilities   1,489,738.8   1,419,270.1
Stockholders’ equity   287,948.5   249,890.7
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   3,288,211.0   3,281,559.9

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, the summarized U.S. GAAP statements of operations of ICICI Life.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2026   2025
Interest income   138,948.1   130,390.0
Interest expense   (2,192.7   )   (1,417.1   )
Net interest income   136,755.4   128,972.9
Insurance premium   531,246.5   489,507.4
Other non-interest income   (56,596.0   )   82,384.4
Non-interest expense   (573,990.6   )   (662,409.4   )
Income tax (expense)/benefit   (4,913.9   )   (4,886.6   )
Income/(loss), net   32,501.5   33,568.7

The income decreased
to Rs. 32,501.5 million in fiscal 2026 from Rs. 33,568.7 million in fiscal 2025, primarily due to higher unrealized losses on the trading
portfolio and equity securities partly offset by an increase in interest income and a reduction in policyholders' liabilities.

The aggregate market value of the investment
in shares of ICICI Life at March 31, 2026, based on quoted market prices was Rs. 375,846.9 million (At March 31, 2025: Rs. 416,267.7 million).

h)   Insurance entities

Life insurance affiliate

The significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the life insurance affiliate are primarily on account of:

i) Difference
in policyholders’ liability and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost

Policyholders’ liability

Reserves under Indian GAAP are held
as per the requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India and
Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India. Accordingly, the reserves are computed using the Gross Premium Method
(reserves are computed as the present value of future benefits including future bonuses and the present value of expenses including overheads
and are net of the present value of future

F-
171

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

total premiums, paid by policyholders).
Valuation parameters are set prudently and include a margin for adverse deviation (MAD) as required under APS7 issued by the Institute
of Actuaries of India.

The liability under U.S. GAAP is measured
as per the valuation guidance provided by the U.S. GAAP principles codified under the Account Standards Codification (ASC) developed and
issued by the Financial Account Standards Board (FASB). The total liability under U.S. GAAP consists of two parts, viz., policy liability
(consisting of the liability for future policy benefits, unearned revenue liability, sales inducement liability) and deferred profit liability.

The liability for future policy benefits
is computed as the present value of guaranteed benefits less the present value of net premiums that cover these benefits. The operating
assumptions used are set on a best estimate basis and are updated at the end of each fiscal year. Such assumptions include mortality,
morbidity, claims expenses, policy lapse and policy surrenders. The discount rate used for non-linked products represents the discount
rates that were locked-in at inception. The liability for future policy benefits is recalculated using the yields on upper medium grade
fixed income corporate bond instruments and the difference in the liability is reflected in other comprehensive income. Deferred profit
liability is held in accordance with ASC Topic 944-605-35 for the products for which the premium paying term is shorter than the policy
term, to allow the emergence of the profits over the entire policy term in accordance with service provided. The deferred profit liability
is calculated using the same assumptions as the liability for future policy benefits but is calculated only using locked-in discount rates.

For Unit-Linked contracts, the account
value is held as liability. The excess of total allocation charges in each valuation period over the ultimate allocation charges is held
as unearned revenue liability and are amortized over time, in line with the amortization of deferred acquisition costs. An additional
sales inducement liability is held in respect of loyalty additions payable on such contracts, which accrues over time to fund any future
loyalty additions. The sales inducement liability is accrued based on the current best estimate operating and economic assumptions.

Unallocated policyholders’
surplus

Under Indian GAAP, shareholders may
be allocated a portion of the surplus from the participating policyholders’ fund, based on the recommendation of the Appointed Actuary.
This allocation is limited to one-ninth of the surplus distributed to policyholders, subject to a maximum of 10% of the total actuarial
surplus.

Under U.S. GAAP, 10% of the total surplus
is transferred to shareholders and 90% is held back as unallocated policyholders’ surplus for participating policyholders.

Deferred acquisition
cost

Under Indian GAAP, acquisition cost
is charged to the revenue account in the year in which it is incurred whereas under U.S. GAAP, the acquisition costs, which are related
directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts, are deferred over the policy term. Under U.S GAAP, the deferred
acquisition costs are those that vary with and are primarily related to the acquisition of new and renewal of existing insurance contracts.

The deferrable acquisition cost asset
is amortized over time on a constant-level basis. The amortization of deferrable acquisition costs over the accounting period is recognized
as an expense in the income statement. The unamortized balance of deferrable acquisition cost is reflected as an asset on the balance
sheet. The assumptions used to calculate amortization of deferrable acquisition costs are the same as those used to calculate policy liability.

F-
172

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

ii)   Compensation costs

Accounting for employee
stock options

Under Indian GAAP,
stock compensation costs are accounted for using the intrinsic value method as compared to U.S. GAAP where the stock compensation costs
have been accounted for based on fair value method.

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP, all actuarial gains/losses
are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit in the profit and
loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income. Subsequently cumulative
actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10% corridor is amortized through profit and loss
account. Further, in U.S. GAAP, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality fixed income securities
as compared to yield on Government securities under Indian GAAP.

iii)   Investment income

Under Indian GAAP, accounting for investments
is in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, which do not allow the unrealized
gain / loss to be routed through the revenue account except in the case of linked business. A linked life insurance policy is a policy
in which the cash value of the policy varies according to the net asset value of units (i.e., shares) in investment assets chosen by the
policyholder. Further under Indian GAAP, unrealized gains/losses arising due to changes in the fair value of listed equity shares, mutual
funds and investment property is taken to fair value change account in balance sheet. Under Indian GAAP, the debt securities are carried
at cost. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gain/(loss) on investments classified as “held for trading” and unrealized gain/losses
on equity securities are recognized in the profit and loss account. Unrealized gains or losses on investments classified as “available-for-sale”
are recognized in other comprehensive income. Investment property is recognized as a fixed asset and valued at acquisition cost less depreciation.

Under Indian GAAP, the portion of the
fair value gain/loss on the interest rate derivatives that is determined to be an effective hedge is recognized in ‘Fair Value Change
Account’ in the Balance Sheet. Under U.S. GAAP, the portion of the fair value gain/loss on the interest rate derivatives that is
determined to be an effective hedge is recognized directly in ‘Other Comprehensive Income’ in the Balance Sheet. For ineffective
hedges, Indian GAAP recognizes the impact in the Revenue Account, whereas in U.S. GAAP, the impact is recognized in Income Statement.

iv) Income taxes

The differences in the accounting for
income taxes are primarily on account of the income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments.

v) Lease

Under Indian GAAP, expenses towards
operating lease is charged to profit and loss account on a straight line basis. Under U.S. GAAP, a right to use asset and a lease liability
is required to be recognized at the commencement of the lease for all lease on adoption of FASB ASC 842- “Leases” and a single
lease cost is recognized, which is calculated such that the cost of the operating lease is allocated over the lease term on a generally
straight-line basis.

F-
173

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Net income reconciliation:

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the life insurance affiliate.

Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Profit as per Indian GAAP   16,080.9   11,855.1   8,506.7
Adjustments on account of
Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio and equity securities   (23,889.0   )   (8,041.8   )   19,605.1
Difference in policyholders’ liabilities and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost   42,081.0   34,926.1   27,111.0
Compensation costs   (361.6   )   (377.8   )   (820.8   )
Deferred taxes benefit/(expense)   (1,379.7   )   (4,774.4   )   (10,657.0   )
Others   (30.1   )   (18.5   )   (214.4   )
Profit/(loss) as per U.S. GAAP   32,501.5   33,568.7   43,530.5
Net income/(loss) (net of tax)   32,501.5   33,568.7   43,530.5
Other Comprehensive Income (net of taxes):
Net unrealized gain/(loss) on securities, net of realization & others   (56,563.4   )   20,467.9   21,003.9
Effect of remeasurement of future policy benefits to an upper-medium grade discount rate   61,130.3   (25,898.6   )   (26,565.6   )
Accounting for post retirement employee benefits   (131.4   )   (28.4   )   (10.5   )
Total comprehensive income/(loss)   36,937.0   28,109.7   37,958.3

The unrealized loss on the trading portfolio
and equity securities increased from Rs. 8,041.8 million in fiscal 2025 to Rs. 23,889.0 million in fiscal 2026. This was primarily due
to marked-to-market loss in debt securities. In fiscal 2026, the marked-to-market loss recognized on equity securities was Rs. 12,834.4
million (compared to a marked-to-market loss of Rs. 14,450.6 million in fiscal 2025). Out of the above, in fiscal 2026, the marked-to-market
loss recognized on equity securities in respect of participating fund was Rs. 8,394.4 million (compared to a marked-to-market loss of
Rs. 7,065.9 million in fiscal 2025). Furthermore, the marked-to-market loss recognized in net income /(loss) on the debt securities in
fiscal 2026 was Rs. 11,054.5 million (compared to a marked-to-market gain of Rs. 6,408.8 million in fiscal 2025). Out of the above, the
marked-to-market loss recognized in net income /(loss) on the debt securities in respect of participating fund in fiscal 2026 was Rs.
11,055.8 million (compared to a marked-to-market gain of Rs. 6,405.3 million in fiscal 2025).

Under U.S. GAAP, the policyholders'
liabilities and unallocated participating policyholders' surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost, were lower than Indian
GAAP by Rs. 42,081.0 million in fiscal 2026 (compared to Rs. 34,926.1 million in fiscal 2025), primarily reflecting differences in valuation
methodologies.

In fiscal 2026, difference in policyholder’s
liabilities, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost, under U.S. GAAP was lower by Rs. 33,443.5 million compared to Indian GAAP
(Rs. 41,927.8 million in fiscal 2025). This was primarily due to higher deferred acquisition costs resulting from higher commission cost,
which was incurred for acquiring new insurance policies, coupled with release of prudent margins held under Indian GAAP reserves pursuant
to the adoption of LDTI (ASU 2018-12).

In fiscal 2026, difference in the liabilities
towards unallocated participating policyholders' surplus under U.S. GAAP was lower by Rs. 8,637.5 million compared to Indian GAAP (Higher
by Rs. 7,001.7 million in fiscal 2025), primarily due
to release of prudent margins held in participating funds under Indian GAAP pursuant to adoption of LDTI (ASU 2018-12).

F-
174

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Other comprehensive income is a gain
of Rs. 4,435.5 million in fiscal 2026 (compared to loss of Rs. 5,459.0 million in fiscal 2025) and primarily includes:

-   An unrealized loss (net of tax) of Rs. 56,563.4 million in fiscal 2026 (fiscal 2025:
unrealized gain (net of tax) of Rs. 20,467.9 million) arising from policyholders’ assets classified as available for sale, primarily
due to marked-to-market losses on debt securities.

-   A gain (net of tax) of Rs. 61,130.3 million arising from the remeasurement of future
policy benefits using an upper-medium grade discount rate (compared to a loss of Rs. 25,898.6 million in fiscal 2025).

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of deferred tax in net income reconciliation of ICICI Life.

Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended
    March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Income tax impact of U.S. GAAP adjustments   (1,379.7)   (4,774.4)   (10,657.0)
Total differences in income taxes   (1,379.7)   (4,774.4)   (10,657.0)

General insurance subsidiary

The significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the general insurance subsidiary are primarily on account of:

i) Provision for reinsurance commission

Under Indian GAAP,
reinsurance commission on business ceded is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk. Under U.S. GAAP, proceeds from
reinsurance transactions that represent recovery of acquisition costs are reduced from unamortized acquisition costs in such a manner
that net acquisition costs are capitalized and amortized over the related policy period.

ii) Amortization of deferred
acquisition costs

Under Indian GAAP,
acquisition cost is charged as an expense to the revenue account in the year in which it is incurred whereas under U.S. GAAP, the same
is deferred and amortized as an expense in as per ASC Topic 944 “Financial Services-Insurance”. Accordingly, certain acquisition
costs have been deferred that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts.

iii) Premium deficiency

Under
Indian GAAP, premium deficiency is recognized if the sum of the expected claims costs, related expenses and maintenance costs exceed related
unearned premiums. Under Indian GAAP, for assessment of premium deficiency, line of business are segmented under “Fire”, “Marine”,
“Miscellaneous” segments. Under U.S. GAAP premium deficiency is assessed for each line of business and recognized in the profit
& loss account if the sum of expected claim costs and claims adjustment expenses, expected dividends to policyholders, un-amortized
acquisition costs and maintenance costs exceed related unearned premiums. A premium deficiency is recognized by first charging acquisition
costs to expense, to the extent required to eliminate the deficiency. If the premium deficiency is greater than un-amortized acquisition
costs, a liability for the excess deficiency is required to be accrued.

F-
175

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

iv) Compensation costs

Accounting for employee
stock options

Under Indian GAAP,
stock compensation costs are accounted for by the intrinsic value method as compared to U.S. GAAP where the compensation costs have been
accounted for at the fair value method in accordance with the requirement of FASB ASC Topic 718 “Compensation-Stock Compensation”.

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP,
all actuarial gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit
in the profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income. Subsequently
cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10% corridor is amortized through profit
and loss account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality fixed income securities in
U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on government securities under Indian GAAP.

v) Mark to market on equity investments

Under Indian GAAP,
all unrealized gains/ (losses) on equity investments are recognized through reserves. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains/ (losses) on equity
investments are recognized through income statement.

vi) Income
taxes

The differences in
the accounting for income taxes are primarily on account of the income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments.

vii) Lease

Under Indian GAAP,
expenses towards operating lease is charged to profit and loss account on a straight line basis. Under U.S. GAAP, a right to use asset
and a lease liability is required to be recognized at the commencement of the lease for all lease on adoption of FASB ASC 842- “Leases”
and a single lease cost is recognized, which is calculated such that the cost of the operating lease is allocated over the lease term
on a generally straight-line basis.

viii) Business Combination

During fiscal 2022, in accordance
with the Scheme of Arrangement between ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited,
as approved by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India with effect from September 8, 2021, assets and liabilities of Bharti
AXA General Insurance Company Limited’s general insurance business vested with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited on
the Appointed Date of April 1, 2020. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited issued two fully paid up equity shares to the shareholders
of Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited for every 115 fully paid up equity shares.

F-
176

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Under Indian GAAP the merger
was accounted using the “Pooling of Interest Method” as prescribed in Accounting Standard 14 “Accounting for Amalgamations”
where all the assets, liabilities and reserves of the Bharti AXA’s general insurance business were recorded in their existing form
and at their carrying value and the excess of consideration paid over net assets taken-over was adjusted with the reserve and surplus
account.

Under US GAAP, the merger was
accounted in accordance with ASC 805 – Business Combinations where all the assets and liabilities were measured at fair value on
September 8, 2021 of merger. Goodwill was measured as excess of consideration paid over the net assets taken over. Accordingly, under
US GAAP, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited recognized intangible assets of Rs. 1,230.0 million and goodwill of Rs. 46,454.5
million. The goodwill is tested for impairment on annual basis and intangible assets are amortized over the useful life.

Net income reconciliation:

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the details of the significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for the general insurance subsidiary.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Profit as per Indian GAAP   27,719.8   25,082.6   19,185.9
Adjustments on account of
Provision for reinsurance commission   1,796.5   (264.9   )   (2,175.8   )
Amortization of deferred acquisition costs   4,084.4   15,679.9   9,153.2
Premium deficiency   0.00   0.00   0.00
Compensation costs   (607.6   )   (778.1   )   (1,118.7   )
Unrealized gain/(loss) on equity investments.   (14,252.8   )   (3,145.2   )   7,258.0
Income tax benefit/(expense)   1,957.5   (3,083.5   )   (3,556.6   )
Business Combination   (123.0   )   (123.0   )   (123.0   )
Others   565.6   165.9   17.8
Profit/(Loss) as per U.S. GAAP   21,140.4   33,533.8   28,640.8
Other Comprehensive Income (net of taxes)
MTM on Debt Securities   (10,747.5   )   6,825.0   4,781.1
Compensation Cost   1,287.0   1,307.7   1,118.7
Actuarial Gain/(Loss)   (481.7   )   (45.8   )   18.6
Investment Property Valuation   389.9   0.00   0.00
Total Other Comprehensive Income   (9,552.3   )   8,086.9   5,918.5
Total Comprehensive Income   11,588.1   41,620.7   34,559.2

Reinsurance commission
on premium ceded is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk under Indian GAAP and recognized over the policy period
under U.S. GAAP. Reinsurance commission income was higher by Rs. 1,796.5 million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP in fiscal
2026 (lower by Rs. 264.9 million in fiscal 2025). This decrease was primarily due to impact of 1/n as per IRDAI regulation applicable
where from October 1, 2024 onwards premium on long-term products is recognized proportionately over the policy period (n) on a 1/n basis,
rather than upfront for the full policy term under Indian GAAP.

Deferred acquisition
cost resulted in lower expense of Rs.4,084.4 million in fiscal 2026 (fiscal 2025: cost of Rs.15,679.9 million) under U.S. GAAP as compared
to Indian GAAP which includes Rs.436.1 million expenses directly attributable to the acquisition of insurance contracts.

F-
177

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

In fiscal 2025, there
was unrealized loss on equity investments amounting to Rs.3,145.2 million whereas in fiscal 2026 there is unrealized loss on equity investments
amounting to Rs.14,252.8 million. While these gains/losses are accounted through fair value change account in balance sheet under Indian
GAAP, under U.S. GAAP these gains/losses are accounted through net income.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of income taxes in net income reconciliation of the general insurance subsidiary.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments   1,957.5   (3,083.5   )   (3,556.6   )
Total differences in income taxes   1,957.5   (3,083.5   )   (3,556.6   )

i)       Goodwill and
intangible assets

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of goodwill and intangible assets, by category under U.S. GAAP
.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2026   2025
Goodwill, net (A)   639,420.0   639,235.5
Asset management and advisory intangibles (B)   814.4   367.0
Customer-related intangibles   115,603.4   115,603.4
Accumulated amortization   (25,692.2   )   (18,504.4   )
Customer-related intangibles net (C)   89,911.2   97,099.0
Goodwill and intangible assets, net (A+B+C)   730,145.6   736,701.5

1.   See also “Schedule 18 -Fixed assets”.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in goodwill under U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2026   2025
Opening balance   639,235.5   639,235.5
Goodwill addition during the period   184.5   ..
Goodwill disposed off during the period   ..   ..
Closing balance   639,420.0   639,235.5

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in intangible assets under U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2026   2025
Opening balance   97,099.0   104,286.8
Additions   ..   ..
Amortization   (7,187.8   )   (7,187.8   )
Disposal   ..   ..
Closing balance   89,911.2   97,099.0

F-
178

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the estimated amortization schedule for intangible assets under U.S. GAAP, on a straight line basis,
for the next five years.

Rupees
in million

Year ended:   Amount
Fiscal 2027   7,187.8
Fiscal 2028   7,187.8
Fiscal 2029   7,187.8
Fiscal 2030   7,187.8
Fiscal 2031   7,187.8
Thereafter   53,972.1
Total   89,911.2

The Group has assigned
goodwill to reporting units. The Group tests its goodwill for impairment on an annual basis at a reporting unit level. The fair value
of the reporting units was assessed qualitatively as per ASC topic 350-20-35-3 and determined that it was not more likely than not that
the fair value of the reporting units was less than their carrying amounts and the quantitative goodwill impairment test was unnecessary
at March 31, 2026 and at March 31, 2025.

j)       Employee benefits

Gratuity

In accordance with
Indian regulations, the Group provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan covering all employees. The plan provides a lump
sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death or termination of employment based on the respective employee’s salary and
the years of employment with the Group. The gratuity benefit provided by the Group to its employees is equal to or greater than the statutory
minimum.

In respect of the
parent company, the gratuity benefit is provided to the employee through a fund administered by a Board of Trustees and managed by ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. The parent company is responsible for settling the gratuity obligation through contributions
to the fund.

In respect of the
remaining entities within the Group, the gratuity benefit is provided through annual contributions to a fund administered and managed
by Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. Under this scheme, the settlement obligation
and contribution to be paid remains with the Group, although LIC and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited administer the scheme.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the funded status of the plans and the amounts recognized in the financial statements.

F-
179

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025
Change in benefit obligations
Projected benefit obligations at the beginning of the year   24,253.6   20,940.7
Add: Adjustment for acquisition of control in ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited   41.5   ..
Add: Adjustment for exchange fluctuation on opening obligations   14.5   3.6
Adjusted opening obligations   24,309.6   20,944.3
Service cost   2,835.4   2,185.5
Interest cost   2,003.5   1,651.5
Acquisition/(Divestitures)   48.2   4.9
Benefits paid   (1,970.2   )   (1,802.9   )
Unrecognized prior service cost   ..   ..
Plan amendments   2,830.7   ..
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligations   757.6   1,270.4
Projected benefit obligations at the end of the year   30,814.8   24,253.6
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year   23,974.4   21,146.0
Add: Adjustment for acquisition of control in ICICI Pension Fund Management Limited   40.9   ..
Adjusted opening plan assets   24,015.3   21,146.0
Acquisition/(Divestitures)   48.7   6.3
Actual return on plan assets   451.3   2,074.1
Employer contributions   6,159.5   2,477.7
Benefits paid   (1,912.0   )   (1,729.7   )
Plan assets at the end of the year   28,762.8   23,974.4
Funded status   (2,052.4   )   (279.5   )
Amount recognized, net   (2,052.4   )   (279.5   )
Accumulated benefit obligation at year-end   19,441.9   15,203.5

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the net gratuity cost.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Service cost   2,835.4   2,185.5   1,737.8
Interest cost   2,003.5   1,651.5   1,345.5
Expected return on plan assets   (1,733.3   )   (1,525.8   )   (1,129.7   )
Amortization of prior service cost   183.8   (12.2   )   (9.8   )
Amortized actuarial (gain)/loss   200.3   114.6   127.5
Acquisition and divestiture (gain)/loss   (0.4   )   (1.4   )   ..
Exchange (gain)/loss   14.5   3.6   2.4
Gratuity cost, net   3,503.8   2,415.8   2,073.7

The discount rate
for the corresponding tenure of obligations for gratuity is selected by reference to local government security yield with a premium added
to reflect the additional risk for AAA rated corporate bonds.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost
.

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Discount rate   7.5   %   7.7   %   7.7   %
Rate of increase in the compensation levels   8.0   %   8.0   %   8.0   %
Rate of return on plan assets   7.4   %   7.4   %   7.4   %

F-
180

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations.

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025
Discount rate   7.9   %   7.5   %
Rate of increase in the compensation levels   8.0   %   8.0   %

Plan assets

The Group determines
its assumptions for the expected rate of return on plan assets based on the expected average long-term rate of return over the next 7
to 8 years.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s asset allocation for gratuity by asset category based on fair values.

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
2026   2025
Assets category
Investment in schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
Group balance fund 1   27,603.2   22,938.4
Group growth fund 2   2.0   2.0
Group debt fund 3   194.4   265.4
Group equity fund 4   157.4   40.2
Group short-term debt fund 5   0.8   0.6
Total investment in schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   27,957.8   23,246.6
Investment in scheme of Life Insurance Corporation of India   503.9   432.9
Total assets managed by external entities   28,461.7   23,679.5
Special deposit with central government   290.0   290.0
Government debt securities   ..   ..
Balance with banks and others   11.1   4.9
Total   28,762.8   23,974.4

1.   Objective of the scheme is to provide a balance between long-term capital appreciation
and current income through investment in equity as well as fixed income instruments in appropriate proportions. At March 31, 2026, investment
in government securities, corporate bonds, money market and equity were 30.84%, 41.59%, 11.97% and 15.59% respectively.

2.   Objective of the scheme is to primarily generate long-term capital appreciation
through investment in equity and equity related securities and complement it with current income through investment in fixed income instruments
in appropriate proportions depending on market conditions prevalent from time to time. At March 31, 2026, investment in government securities,
corporate bonds, money market and equity were 17.29%, 19.75%, 10.22% and 52.74% respectively.

3.   Objective of the scheme is to provide accumulation of income through investment
in various fixed income securities. The Fund seeks to provide capital appreciation while maintaining suitable balance between return,
safety and liquidity. At March 31, 2026, investment in government securities, corporate bonds, money market were 33.70%, 58.51%, 7.78%
respectively.

4.   Objective of the scheme is to provide long-term capital appreciation through investments
primarily in equity and equity-related instruments. At March 31, 2026, investment in Debt, money-market, current assets & cash were
3.32% and equity were 96.68%.

5.   Objective of the scheme is to provide suitable returns through low risk investments
in debt and money market instruments while attempting to protect the capital deployed in the fund. At March 31, 2026, investment in government
securities, corporate bonds, money market were 5.30%, 30.78%, 63.93% respectively.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s target asset allocation for gratuity by asset category.

Description   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2027   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2026
Funds managed by external entities 1   99.1   %   98.9   %
Special deposit with central government   0.9   %   1.1   %
Debt securities   0   %   0   %
Total   100   %   100   %

1.   Targeted investment during fiscal 2027 of about 45% to 47% in Central Government securities, about 33%
to 35% in corporate debt securities, about 1.5% to 3.5% in money market investment and about 16.5% to 18.5% in equity investment.

F-
181

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The plan assets primarily
consist of investments made in funds managed by external entities, which are primarily in equity, money market instruments and debt instruments
in different proportions depending on the objective of schemes. The value of the plan assets in funds managed by ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited has been arrived at based on the net asset value per unit of individual schemes. The value of plan assets in
the form of investments in scheme of LIC and special deposit with the Central Government are recorded at carrying value.

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited administers the plan fund and it independently determines the target allocation by asset category. The
investment strategy is to invest in a prudent manner for providing benefits to the participants of the scheme. The strategies are targeted
to produce a return that, when combined with the Group’s contribution to the funds will maintain the fund’s ability to meet
all required benefit obligations. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited functions within the regulated investment norms.

LIC administers the
plan fund and it independently determines the target allocation by asset category. The selection of investments and the asset category
is determined by LIC. The investment strategy is to invest in a prudent manner to produce a return that will enable the fund to meet the
required benefit obligations. LIC, which is owned by Government of India, functions within regulated investment norms.

The plan assets are
mainly invested in various gratuity schemes of the insurance companies to limit the impact of individual investment. The Group’s
entire investment of plan assets is in India and 95.1% of investment is in various gratuity schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited. Insurers managing the plan assets of the Group consider operational risk, performance risk, credit risk and equity risk
in their investment policy as part of their risk management practices.

The following table
sets forth, the benefit expected to be paid in each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter.

Rupees
in million

Amount
Expected Group contributions to the fund during the year ending March 31, 2027   4,742.3
Expected benefit payments from the fund during year ending March 31,
2027   4,223.3
2028   4,529.3
2029   4,797.0
2030   4,994.7
2031   5,104.9
Thereafter upto 10 years   25,809.3

The expected benefits
are based on the same assumptions as used to measure the Group’s benefit obligation at March 31, 2026.

Pension

The Group provides
for pension, a deferred retirement plan covering certain employees. The plan provides for a pension payment on a monthly basis to these
employees on their retirement based on the respective employee’s salary and years of employment with the Group. Employees covered
by the pension plan are not eligible for benefits under the provident fund plan. The pension plan pertained

F-
182

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

to the employees of erstwhile Bank of
Madura, erstwhile Sangli Bank and erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan which were acquired with effect from March 2001, April 2007 and August 2010
respectively. The Group makes contribution to a trust which administers the funds on its own account or through insurance companies.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the funded status of the plan and the amounts recognized in the financial statements.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025
Change in benefit obligations
Projected benefit obligations at beginning of the year   17,541.8   16,992.0
Service cost   64.6   77.4
Interest cost   1,278.2   1,276.0
Liability extinguished on settlement   (1,050.9   )   (1,225.9   )
Benefits paid   (37.9   )   (48.9   )
Plan Amendments   ..   ..
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligations   (357.2   )   471.2
Projected benefit obligations at the end of the year   17,438.6   17,541.8
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of the year   18,429.7   17,921.4
Actual return on plan assets   658.2   1,603.5
Assets distributed on settlement   (1,236.3   )   (1,442.2   )
Employer contributions   1,310.6   395.9
Benefits paid   (37.9   )   (48.9   )
Plan assets at the end of the year   19,124.3   18,429.7
Funded status   1,685.6   887.9
Net amount recognized   1,685.6   887.9
Accumulated benefit obligation at year end   17,038.0   16,540.4

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the net pension cost.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Service cost   64.6   77.4   108.2
Interest cost   1,278.2   1,276.0   1,321.4
Amortisation of prior service (credit)/cost   61.4   61.4   -
Expected return on assets   (1,363.5   )   (1,329.9   )   (1,361.0   )
Curtailment and settlement (gain)/loss   185.4   216.3   237.5
Actuarial (gain)/loss   622.5   760.9   1,174.8
Net pension cost   848.6   1,062.2   1,480.9

The discount rate
for the corresponding tenure of obligations for pension is selected by reference to government security yield with a premium added to
reflect the additional risk corresponding to AAA rated corporate bonds.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost.

F-
183

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Discount rate   7.5   %   7.7   %   7.8   %
Rate of increase in the compensation levels
On basic pay   1.5   %   1.5   %   1.5   %
On dearness relief   8.0   %   8.0   %   8.0   %
Rate of return on plan assets   7.5   %   7.5   %   7.5   %
Pension increases (applicable on basic pension)   8.0   %   8.0   %   8.0   %

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations.

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025
Discount rate   7.5   %   7.5   %
Rate of increase in the compensation levels
On basic pay   1.5   %   1.5   %
On dearness relief   8.0   %   8.0   %
Pension increases (applicable on basic pension)   8.0   %   8.0   %

The compensation
escalation rate eligible for pension was determined at the time of acquisition and the same escalation rate is consistently considered
for computation of benefit obligations and periodic cost.

Plan Assets

The Group determines
its assumptions for the expected rate of return on plan assets based on the expected average long-term rate of return over the next 7
to 8 years.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s asset allocation and target asset allocation for pension by asset category based
on fair values.

Rupees
in million

Asset category   Fair
value at March 31, 2026   Fair
value at March 31, 2025   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2027   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2026
Government debt securities   8,748.9   8,146.6   46   %   44   %
Corporate debt securities   7,391.6   7,759.7   39   %   42   %
Equity securities   1,902.8   1,851.4   10   %   10   %
Balance with banks and others   1,080.9   671.9   5   %   4   %
Total   19,124.2   18,429.6   100   %   100   %

The valuation of
the government and corporate securities is derived using Level 2 inputs.

The Group’s
entire investment of plan assets are in India and invested in government securities, corporate bonds, equity securities and equity traded
funds. Trustees manage the plan assets of the Group by investing in above securities as per the investment pattern and guidelines prescribed
under the Indian income tax law. Securities are purchased after considering credit rating, comparative yields and tenure of investment.

F-
184

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, the benefit expected to be paid in each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter.

Rupees
in million

Amount
Expected Group contributions to the fund during the year ending March 31, 2027   400.0
Expected benefit payments from the fund during the year ending March 31,
2027   853.1
2028   704.8
2029   874.2
2030   1,049.1
2031   1,198.3
Thereafter upto 10 years   7,795.9

The expected benefits
are based on the same assumption as used to measure the Group’s benefit obligation at March 31, 2026.

k)       Lease

The Group as lessee

The Group has entered
into lease arrangements primarily for the real estate office premises and for certain equipment used for the business purposes. For these
lease arrangements, the Group is required to make fixed lease payments adjusted for escalation clauses for certain lease arrangements,
except for certain assets where the variable lease payments are being made by the Group. The variable lease payments are determined primarily
based on the usage of the asset by the Group. None of these lease arrangements impose any restriction on the Group in relation to dividend
payments or incurring any additional financial obligations. The group has elected not to separate the lease and non-lease components of
these arrangements.

Operating lease

Operating lease liabilities
and right of use assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments
over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that represents the incremental borrowing rate for financing instruments
of a similar term and are included in accounts payable and other liabilities. The operating lease right of use asset, included in premises
and equipment, also includes any lease prepayments made, plus initial direct costs incurred, less any lease incentives received. Rental
expense associated with operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is included in the consolidated
statements of income. The following table sets forth, the information related to the Group’s operating leases.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Right-of-use assets at year end   78,238.0   66,866.2
Lease liability at year end   86,325.6   73,472.7
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities –	operating cashflows from operating lease   16,652.8   14,512.3
Non-cash investing and financing activities – 	additions to right-of-use asset obtained from new operating lease liabilities   27,507.0   18,238.7
Weighted average remaining lease term (in years)   8.2 years   8.2 years
Weighted average discounting rate (in %)   6.7%   6.8%

F-
185

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, the future payments under operating leases as of March 31, 2026.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31, 2026
Fiscal 2027   16,559.8
Fiscal 2028   15,738.4
Fiscal 2029   14,357.2
Fiscal 2030   13,231.3
Fiscal 2031   11,688.2
After Fiscal 2031   43,526.8
Total Lease payments   115,101.7
Less: Imputed interest   28,776.1
Lease liabilities at March 31, 2026   86,325.6

The Group does not
have any other significant future commitments at the end of fiscal 2026.

Finance lease

Finance lease liabilities
and right of use assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments
over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that represents the implicit rate in the lease. Rental expense
associated with finance leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is included in the consolidated statements
of income. The following tables provide information related to the Bank’s finance leases:

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Right-of-use assets at year end   2,072.5   1,268.3
Lease liability at year end   2,162.8   1,252.8
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities
a. finance cashflows from finance lease   336.4   352.7
b. operating cashflows from finance lease   137.5   105.8
Non-cash investing and financing activities – additions to right-of-use asset obtained from new finance lease liabilities   1,785.2   1,220.3
Weighted average remaining lease term (in years)   6.9 years   6.9 years
Weighted average discounting rate (in %)   8.8   %   7.6   %

The following table sets forth,
the future payments under finance leases as of March 31, 2026.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31, 2026
Fiscal 2027   564.1
Fiscal 2028   452.1
Fiscal 2029   402.9
Fiscal 2030   388.3
Fiscal 2031   388.1
After Fiscal 2031   599.2
Total Lease payments   2,794.7
Less: Imputed interest   631.9
Lease liabilities at March 31, 2026   2,162.8

F-
186

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Lease cost

The Group’s lease cost
recognized in profit and loss account during the fiscal year is as below.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31, 2026   Year ended March 31, 2025
Finance lease cost
Amortisation of right-to-use assets   355.8   346.9
Interest on lease liabilities   142.2   113.7
Operating lease cost   17,582.6   15,275.3
Short-term lease cost   ..   ..
Variable lease cost   136.6   188.8
Less: Sublease income   ..   ..
Total lease cost   18,217.2   15,924.7

l)       Income taxes

Components of deferred tax
balances

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, components of the deferred tax balances.

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
2026   2025
Deferred tax assets
Allowance for credit losses   100,050.2   102,116.1
Debt and equity securities   169.4   ..
Business and capital loss carry forwards   6,996.2   8,716.2
Investments in affiliates   24,718.5   26,911.6
Lease liability   21,743.7   18,510.2
Other liabilities and provisions   8,982.8   8,088.7
Others   1,241.1   1,198.5
Total deferred tax assets   163,901.9   165,541.3
Valuation allowance   (1,003.3   )   (1,058.9   )
Total deferred tax assets (net of valuation allowance)   162,898.6   164,482.4
Deferred tax liabilities
Debt and equity securities   (450.2   )   (24,026.3   )
Property, plant and equipment   (7,378.2   )   (6,936.5   )
Investments in branches, subsidiaries and affiliates   (7,562.0   )   (6,813.3   )
Amortization of fees and costs   (17,528.8   )   (15,170.1   )
Intangible assets   (22,620.2   )   (24,239.2   )
Non-banking assets   (7,263.5   )   (8,015.4   )
Right to use assets   (19,700.9   )   (16,839.4   )
Reserve for unexpired risk   (1,416.9   )   (945.4   )
Others   (6,656.5   )   (6,173.7   )
Total deferred tax liabilities   (90,577.2   )   (109,159.3   )
Net deferred tax assets   72,321.4   55,323.1

F-
187

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

In assessing the
realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable
income during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible. Management considers carryback availability, the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on
the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are
deductible, management believes that it is more likely than not that the Group will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets, net
of the existing valuation allowances, at March 31, 2026 and 2025. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however could
be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income are reduced.

The Indian statutory income tax rate, including surcharge and cess
was 25.17% for the year ended March 31, 2026, 2025 and 2024

F-
188

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Reconciliation of income tax expense

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of expected income tax expense applicable on Income/(loss) before income
tax expense and share of profit in associates from continuing operations at the Indian statutory income tax rate, the income tax
rate in our country of domicile, to reported income tax expense/(benefit).

		Rupees
in million

Year ended
    March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Income Tax expense/ (benefit)   Percentage   Income Tax expense/ (benefit)   Percentage   Income Tax expense/ (benefit)   Percentage
Income tax expense/(benefit) at the statutory income tax rate   193,817.9   25.17   %   178,411.5   25.17   %   192,379.1   25.17   %
Increases/reductions) in income taxes on account
    of:
a. Foreign
                                            tax effects   (5,562.7   )   (0.72   %)   (4,659.2   )   (0.66   %)   (4,133.2   )   (0.54   %)
b. Cross
                                            border tax laws   8,273.1   1.07   %   6,093.6   0.86   %   5,022.7   0.66   %
c. Tax
                                            credit   (2,794.9   )   (0.36   %)   (1,586.6   )   (0.22   %)   (1,272.4   )   (0.17   %)
d. Nontaxable
                                            or nondeductible items
Exempt interest and dividend income   (96.5   )   (0.01   %)   (205.5   )   (0.03   %)   (797.3   )   (0.10   %)
Expenses disallowed for income tax purposes   4,932.9   0.64   %   4,079.6   0.58   %   3,451.2   0.45   %
Gain on acquisition of control in ICICI Lombard   ..   ..   ..   ..   (35,278.9   )   (4.62   %)
e. Changes
                                            in statutory tax rate   ..   ..   (138.8   )   (0.02   %)   ..   0.00   %
f. Change
                                            in valuation allowance   (55.6   )   (0.01   %)   (1,112.9   )   (0.16   %)   (1,381.5   )   (0.18   %)
g. Other
                                 reconciling items Special
                                            deductions for appropriation to a Special Reserve   (8,474.4   )   (1.10   %)   (7,968.1   )   (1.12   %)   (7,793.9   )   (1.02   %)
Income charged at rates other than statutory tax rate   (1,962.4   )   (0.25   %)   (84.6   )   (0.01   %)   (2,852.4   )   (0.37   %)
Adjustment of deferred taxes upon consolidation of ICICI Lombard   ..   ..   ..   0.00   %   (7,356.3   )   (0.96   %)
Income tax on investment in affiliates   2,293.1   0.30   %   (3,657.6   )   (0.52   %)   2,881.8   0.38   %
Others   (4,326.5   )   (0.57   %)   (4,466.0   )   (0.64   %)   (7,367.2   )   (0.97   %)
Income tax expense/(benefit)
    reported   186,044.0   24.16   %   164,705.5   23.23   %   135,501.7   17.73   %

F-
189

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the components of Income/(loss) before income taxes expense and share of profit in associates from continuing operations
and income tax expense.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Income /(loss) before income tax expense and share of profit in associates from continuing operations
In India   733,094.8   675,681.7   734,600.7
Outside India 1   37,001.7   33,200.6   29,779.1
Total   770,096.5   708,882.3   764,379.8
Current tax expense
In India   181,708.1   170,055.6   132,989.2
Outside India 1   3,355.7   3,401.4   3,246.0
Total   185,063.8   173,457.0   136,235.2
Deferred tax (benefit)/expense
In India   575.1   (9,033.0   )   (818.8   )
Outside India 1   405.1   281.5   85.3
Total   980.2   (8,751.5   )   (733.5   )
Total income tax expense/(benefit) reported
In India   182,283.2   161,022.6   132,170.4
Outside India 1   3,760.8   3,682.9   3,331.3
Total   186,044.0   164,705.5   135,501.7

1. Including overseas branches of the Bank

F-
190

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, the details of the income taxes paid
as per cashflow statements

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Income taxes paid in domestic locations   161,840.0   177,429.4   130,333.4
Income taxes paid in overseas locations   3,639.5   3,735.2   3,102.6
Total income taxes paid   165,479.5   181,164.6   133,436.0

The following table sets forth, the details of the amount and expiration
dates of operating loss carry forwards at March 31, 2026.

Rupees
in million

Expiry period   Bank   Subsidiaries   Overseas branches
Capital loss carry forwards
April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2031   18,126.7   88.1   ..
April 1, 2031 to March 31, 2032   356.3   ..   ..
Total capital loss carry forwards   18,483.0   88.1   ..
Business loss carry forwards
April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2031   ..   1,234.9   69.4
April 1, 2031 to March 31, 2036   ..   114.6   1,125.8
April 1, 2036 to March 31, 2039   ..   30.8   2,930.9
Indefinite period   ..   2.5   9,558.7
Total business loss carry forwards   ..   1,382.8   13,684.8

Accounting for uncertainty in income taxes

The Group has a policy
to include interest and penalties on income taxes, if any, within interest expense or income and income tax expense respectively. However,
no interest expense has been recognized in view of the adequate income taxes paid by the Group. No penalties have been accrued as of March
31, 2026 and 2025 as the Group believes that the tax positions taken have met the minimum statutory requirements to avoid payment of penalties.

The Group has recognized
income with respect to interest accrued or received on tax refunds due to the Group against favourable orders received from tax authorities
amounting to Rs. 7,266.6 million, Rs. 2,034.1 million and Rs. 2,697.4 million during the year ended March 31, 2026, 2025 and 2024 respectively.
Further, the Group does not recognize the interest income accrued on advance income taxes paid against various income tax matters until
the related matter is resolved with the taxing authority. Unrecognized interest on such advance income taxes paid is Rs. 6,930.3 million,
13,219.7 million and Rs. 12,244.6 million at March 31, 2026, 2025 and 2024 respectively.

F-
191

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Beginning balance   56,192.1   47,451.0   40,142.8
Increases related to current year tax positions   10,821.6   10,343.5   7,314.9
Decreases related to prior year tax positions   (286.1   )   (1,602.4   )   (6.7   )
Ending balance   66,727.6   56,192.1   47,451.0

The Group’s
total unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce income tax expense, as applicable, and thereby would affect the Group’s
effective tax rate.

The Group’s
major tax jurisdiction is India and the assessments are not yet completed from fiscal 2024. However, appeals filed by the Group are pending
with various local tax authorities in India from fiscal 1992 onwards.

m)       Earnings per
share

Basic earnings per
share is net income per weighted average equity shares. Diluted earnings per share reflects the effect that existing options would have
on the basic earnings per share if they were to be exercised, by increasing the number of equity shares.

The basic and diluted
earnings per share under U.S. GAAP differs to the extent that income under U.S. GAAP differs.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the computation of earnings per share as per U.S. GAAP.

Rupees
in million, except per share data

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Basic   Diluted   Basic   Diluted   Basic   Diluted
Earnings
Net income attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders (before dilutive impact)   560,374.7   560,374.7   513,543.0   513,543.0   613,763.5   613,763.5
Contingent issuances of subsidiaries/equity affiliates   ..   (255.5   )   ..   (548.4   )   ..   (1,170.5   )
560,374.7   560,119.2   513,543.0   512,994.6   613,763.5   612,593.0
Common stock
Weighted-average common stock outstanding   7,142.8   7,142.8   7,047.5   7,047.5   7,003.9   7,003.9
Dilutive effect of employee stock options   ..   104.1   ..   119.7   ..   128.2
Total   7,142.8   7,246.9   7,047.5   7,167.3   7,003.9   7,132.2
Earnings per share (Rs.)   78.45   77.29   72.87   71.57   87.63   85.89

F-
192

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

n)       Comprehensive
income

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, details of comprehensive income.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2026   2025   2024
Net income/(loss) (net of tax) excluding non-controlling interest   560,374.7   513,543.0   613,763.5
Other Comprehensive Income:
Net unrealized gain/(loss) on securities, net of realization & others (net of tax) 1   (58,642.9   )   61,357.5   29,597.6
Translation adjustments (net of tax) 2   11,135.8   1,097.6   3,198.1
Employee accounting for deferred benefit pensions and other post retirement benefits (net of tax) 3   (2,875.8   )   61.1   819.3
Comprehensive income attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   509,991.8   576,059.2   647,378.5
Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests   18,832.6   34,264.0   15,382.1
Total comprehensive income   528,824.4   610,323.2   662,760.6

1.   Net of tax effect of Rs. (21,668.1) million, Rs. 22,540.3 million and Rs. 9,914.7
million for the year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 respectively. The share of non-controlling interest amounted
to Rs. (5,427.8) million with tax effect of Rs. (1,366.1) million for the year ended March 31, 2026. (For year ended March 31, 2025: Rs.
3,306.7 million, tax effect of Rs. 832.2 million; For year ended March 31, 2024: Rs 106.6 million, tax effect of Rs. 26.8 million). Accordingly
for the year ended March 31, 2026, including share of non-controlling interest the total net unrealized gain/(loss) on securities, net
of realization and others (net of tax) amounts to Rs. (64,070.7) million with tax effect of Rs. (23,034.2) million (For year ended March
31, 2025: Rs. 64,662.2 million, tax effect of Rs. 23,372.5 million; for the year ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 29,704.2 million, tax effect
of Rs. 9,941.5 million.)

2.   Net of tax effect of Rs. 2,386.1 million, Rs. 394.8 million and Rs. 1,016.9
                                                           million for the year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 respectively. The share of non-controlling interest
                                                           amounted to Nil for the year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024. Accordingly, for the year ended March 31,
                                                           2026, including share of non-controlling interest, the translation adjustments (net of tax) amounted to Rs. 11,135.8 million with
                                                           tax effect Rs. 2,386.1 million (For the year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 1,097.6 million, tax effect: Rs. 394.8 million; for the year
                                                           ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 3,198.1 million, tax effect: Rs. 1,016.9 million)

3.   Net of tax effect of Rs. (1,048.1) million, Rs. 1.3 million and Rs. 274.9
                                                           million for the year ended March 31, 2026, March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 respectively. The share of non-controlling interest
                                                           amounted to Rs. (234.7) million with tax effect of Rs. (59.1) million for the year ended March 31, 2026. (For year ended March 31,
                                                           2025: Rs. (57.2) million, tax effect of Rs. (14.4) million; For year ended March 31, 2024: Rs (2.2) million, tax effect of Rs. (0.5)
                                                           million). Accordingly, for the year ended March 31, 2026, including share of non-controlling interest, Employee accounting for
                                                           deferred benefit pensions and other post retirement benefits (net of tax) amounted to Rs. (3,110.5) million with tax effect of Rs.
                                                           (1,107.2) million (For the year ended March 31, 2025: Rs. 3.9 million, tax effect of Rs. (13.1) million; For the year ended March
                                                           31, 2024: Rs. 817.1 million, tax effect: Rs. 274.4 million)

4.   Under U.S. GAAP, the tax effects on components of other comprehensive income are
reclassified to income statement at the time of reclassification of components of other comprehensive income at each security level.

o)       Guarantees

As a part of its
project financing and commercial banking activities, the Group has issued guarantees to enhance the credit standing of its customers.
These generally represent irrevocable assurances that the Group will make payments in the event that the customer fails to fulfill its
financial or performance obligations. Financial guarantees are obligations to pay a third party beneficiary where a customer fails to
make payment towards a specified financial obligation. Performance guarantees are obligations to pay a third party beneficiary where a
customer fails to perform a non-financial contractual obligation. The guarantees are generally for a period not exceeding 10 years.

The credit risks
associated with these products, as well as the operating risks, are similar to those relating to other types of financial instruments.
The current carrying amount of the liability for the Group’s obligations under the guarantees at March 31, 2026, amounted to Rs.
13,407.4 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 10,732.1 million).

F-
193

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, the details of guarantees outstanding at March 31, 2026.

Rupees
in million

Nature of guarantee   Maximum potential amount of future payments under guarantee
Less than 1 year   1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Financial guarantees   909,438.9   339,230.5   44,755.2   9,764.2   1,303,188.8
Performance guarantees   554,431.3   588,502.9   114,824.5   38,012.7   1,295,771.4
Total guarantees   1,463,870.2   927,733.4   159,579.7   47,776.9   2,598,960.2

1.   outflow mentioned above are on the basis of expiry date of bank guarantee

The following table sets forth, the details of guarantees
outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Rupees
in million

Nature of guarantee   Maximum potential amount of future payments under guarantee
Less than 1 year   1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Financial guarantees   795,795.4   252,593.2   50,118.4   20,405.4   1,118,912.4
Performance guarantees   464,854.4   494,490.3   99,330.0   28,979.7   1,087,654.4
Total guarantees   1,260,649.8   747,083.5   149,448.4   49,385.1   2,206,566.8

1.   outflow mentioned above are on the basis of expiry date of bank guarantee

The Group has collateral
available to reimburse potential losses on its guarantees. At March 31, 2026, margins in the form of cash and fixed deposit available
to the Group to reimburse losses realized under guarantees amounted to Rs. 486,287.9 million (March 31, 2025: Rs. 424,867.0 million).
Other property or security may also be available to the Group to cover losses under these guarantees.

Performance risk

For each corporate borrower,
a credit rating is assigned at the time the exposure is being evaluated for approval and the rating is reviewed periodically thereafter.
At the time of assigning a credit rating, the possibility of non-performance or non-payment is evaluated. Additionally, an assessment
of the borrower's capacity to repay obligations in the event of invocation is also evaluated. Thus, a comprehensive risk assessment is
undertaken at the time of sanctioning such exposures and reviewed periodically thereafter.

F-
194

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

23.   Regulatory matters

Statutory liquidity requirement

In accordance with the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949, the Bank is required to maintain a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities by way of liquid
unencumbered assets like cash, gold and approved securities. The amount of securities at March 31, 2026 was Rs. 3,079,468.1 million (March
31, 2025: Rs. 2,733,361.3 million), and the Bank complied with the requirement throughout the year.

Capital Adequacy

The Bank is subject to Basel
III capital adequacy guidelines stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India with effect from April 1, 2013. As per the guidelines, the Tier-1
capital is made up of Common Equity Tier-1 and additional Tier-1.

At March 31, 2026, the Bank
was required to maintain minimum Common Equity Tier-1 capital ratio of 8.20%, minimum Tier-1 capital ratio of 9.70% and minimum total
capital ratio of 11.70%. The minimum total capital requirement includes capital conservation buffer of 2.50% and additional Common Equity
Tier-1 capital surcharge of 0.20% on account of the Bank being designated as a Domestic Systemically Important Bank. Under Pillar 1 of
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on Basel III, the Bank follows the standardized approach for measurement of credit risk, standardized
duration method for measurement of market risk and basic indicator approach for measurement of operational risk.

F-
195

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Unconsolidated capital
adequacy position

The following table sets forth,
at the dates indicated, regulatory capital, risk-weighted assets and risk-based capital ratios computed in accordance with the Reserve
Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines and based on the Bank’s unconsolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with
Indian GAAP.

Rupees in million, except
percentages

At March 31, 2026 (1)   At March 31, 2025 (1)
Tier 1 capital   2,978,177.6   2,567,375.0
Of which: Common equity Tier 1 capital   2,978,177.6   2,567,375.0
Tier 2 capital   152,155.2   99,245.9
Total capital   3,130,332.8   2,666,620.9
Credit risk: risk-weighted assets   15,968,833.7   13,986,922.8
Market risk: risk-weighted assets   445,248.2   592,583.8
Operational risk: risk-weighted assets   1,803,169.0   1,531,537.3
Total risk-weighted assets   18,217,250.9   16,111,043.9
Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   16.4   %   16.0   %
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   16.4   %   16.0   %
Tier 2 risk-based capital ratio   0.8   %   0.6   %
Total risk-based capital ratio   17.2   %   16.6   %

(1)   Post appropriation of proposed dividend

For and on behalf of Board
of Directors

/s/ Sandeep Bakhshi Managing Director &
CEO   /s/ Sandeep Batra Executive Director
/s/ Anindya Banerjee Group Chief Financial
Officer   /s/ Prachiti Lalingkar Company Secretary
/s/ Laxminarayan Achar Chief Accountant

Mumbai

July 20, 2026

F-
196
