
20-F

1

dp109139_20f.htm

FORM 20-F

As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on July 31, 2019

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 20-F

(Mark One)

☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2019.

OR

☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to .

OR

☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of event requiring this shell company report

Commission
file number: 001-15002

ICICI BANK LIMITED

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Vadodara, Gujarat, India

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

ICICI Bank Towers

Bandra-Kurla Complex

Mumbai 400051, India

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class   Name of each exchange on which registered
Equity Shares of ICICI Bank Limited(1)   New York Stock Exchange
American Depositary Shares, each representing two  Equity Shares of ICICI Bank Limited, par value Rs. 2 per share   New York Stock Exchange

__________________

(1)   Not for trading, but only in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares representing such Equity Shares
pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act:

[None]

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant
to Section 15(d) of the Act:

[None]

The number of outstanding Equity Shares of ICICI Bank Limited
as of March 31, 2019 was 6,446,239,653.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes ☒	                 No

☐

If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by
check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934.

Yes
☐
	                 No

☒

Note
 – Checking the box above will not relieve
any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations
under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.

Yes
☒
	                 No

☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).

Yes
☐
	No

☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of “accelerated filer and large accelerated filer”
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large Accelerated Filer
☒
	Accelerated
Filer
☐
	Non-accelerated Filer
☐

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant
has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

☐
	U.S.
GAAP

☐
	International
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board

☒
	Other

If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous
question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.

☐

Item 17
☒
 Item 18

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes
☐
	No

☒

table
of contents

Page

Cross Reference Sheet   1
Certain Definitions   4
Forward-Looking Statements   5
Market Price Information   6
Risk Factors   7
Business   44
Overview   44
History   45
Shareholding Structure
    and Relationship with the Government of India   45
Strategy   47
Overview of Our
    Products and Services   47
Funding   62
Risk Management   64
Loan Portfolio   89
Classification
    of Loans   96
Subsidiaries,
    Associates and Joint Ventures   110
Technology   112
Competition   116
Employees   118
Properties   119
Legal and Regulatory
    Proceedings   120
American Depository
    Receipt Fees and Payments   126
Selected Consolidated Financial and
    Operating Data   128
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   133
Management   221
Overview of The Indian Financial Sector   235
Supervision and Regulation   251
Exchange Controls   303
Restriction On Foreign Ownership of
    Indian Securities   306
Dividends   310
Taxation   311
Presentation Of Financial Information   317
Exhibit Index   320

i

Cross
Reference Sheet

Form
20-F   Item
Number and Caption   Location
Part
    – I
1   Identity
    of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers   Not
    applicable
2   Offer
    Statistics and Expected Timetable   Not
    applicable
3   Key
    Information   Selected
    Consolidated Financial and Operating Data   128
Risk
    Factors   7
4   Information
    on the Company   Business   44
Operating
    and Financial Review and Prospects   133
Overview
    of the Indian Financial Sector   235
Supervision
    and Regulation   251
Business—Subsidiaries,
    Associates and Joint Ventures   110
Business—Properties   119
Schedule
    18B Note 5 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   F-112
4A   Unresolved
    Staff Comments   None
5   Operating
    and Financial Review and Prospects   Operating
    and Financial Review and Prospects   133
Business—Risk
    Management   64
Business—Funding   62
6   Directors,
    Senior Management and Employees   Management   221
Business—Employees   118
7   Major
    Shareholders and Related Party Transactions   Business—Shareholding
    Structure and Relationship with the Government of India   45
Operating
    and Financial Review and Prospects—Related Party Transactions   206
Management—Compensation
    and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Loans   230
Schedule
    18. Note 3 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   F-47
8   Financial
    Information   Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Consolidated
    Balance Sheet   F-5

1

Form
20-F   Item
Number and Caption   Location

Operating
    and Financial Review and Prospects—Executive Summary   133
Business—Legal
    and Regulatory Proceedings   120
Dividends   310
9   The
    Offer and Listing   Market
    Price Information   6
10   Additional
    Information   Additional
    Information   318
Exchange
    Controls   303
Taxation   311
Restriction
    on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities   306
Dividends   310
Business—Subsidiaries,
    Associates and Joint Ventures   108
11   Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   Business—Risk
    Management—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   72
12   Description
    of Securities Other than Equity Securities   Business—American
    Depository Receipt Fees and Payments   126
Part
    – II
13   Defaults,
    Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies   Not
    applicable
14   Material
    Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds   Not
    applicable
15   Controls
    and Procedures   Business—Risk
    Management—Controls and Procedures   88
16   [Reserved]   Not
    applicable
16A   Audit
    Committee Financial Expert   Management—Corporate
    Governance—Audit Committee   226
16B   Code
    of Ethics   Management—Corporate
    Governance—Code of Ethics   229
16C   Principal
    Accountant Fees and Services   Management—Corporate
    Governance—Principal Accountant Fees and Services   229

2

Form
20-F   Item
Number and Caption   Location

16D   Exemptions
    from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   Not
    applicable
16E   Purchases
    of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   Business—Shareholding
    Structure and Relationship with the Government of India   45
16F   Change
    in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant   Not
    applicable
16G   Corporate
    Governance   Management—Summary
    Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices   229
Part
    – III
17   Financial
    Statements   See
    Item 18
18   Financial
    Statements   Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Consolidated
    Balance Sheet   F-5
19   Exhibits   Exhibit
    Index and Attached Exhibits   320

3

Certain
Definitions

In this annual report, all references to
“we”, “our”, and “us” are to ICICI Bank Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries and other
consolidated entities under generally accepted accounting principles in India (“Indian GAAP”). In the financial statements
contained in this annual report and the notes thereto, all references to “the Company” are to ICICI Bank Limited and
its consolidated subsidiaries and other consolidated entities under Indian GAAP.

References to specific data applicable
to particular subsidiaries or other consolidated entities are made by reference to the name of that particular entity. References
to the “amalgamation” are to the amalgamation of ICICI, ICICI Personal Financial Services and ICICI Capital Services
with ICICI Bank. References to “Sangli Bank” are to The Sangli Bank Limited prior to its amalgamation with ICICI Bank,
effective April 19, 2007. References to “Bank of Rajasthan” are to the Bank of Rajasthan Limited prior to its amalgamation
with ICICI Bank, effective from the close of business at August 12, 2010.

References to “ICICI Bank”
and “the Bank” are to ICICI Bank Limited on an unconsolidated basis. References to “ICICI” are to ICICI
Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries and other consolidated entities under Indian GAAP prior to the amalgamation of ICICI
Limited, ICICI Personal Financial Services Limited and ICICI Capital Services Limited with ICICI Bank Limited, which was effective
March 30, 2002 under Indian GAAP. References to a particular “fiscal” year are to the year ended on March 31 of such
a year. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to the “Board of Directors” and the “Board” are to the
board of directors of ICICI Bank.

All references to the “Companies
Act”, the “Banking Regulation Act” and the “Reserve Bank of India Act” are to the Companies Act,
2013, the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 as passed by the Indian Parliament and as amended
from time to time. All references to “RBI” and the “Reserve Bank of India” are to the central banking and
monetary authority of India.

Pursuant to the issuance and listing of
our securities in the United States under registration statements filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission,
we file annual reports on Form 20-F which must include financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States (U.S. GAAP), or financial statements prepared according to a comprehensive body of accounting principles with
a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP. When we first listed our securities in the United States,
Indian GAAP was not considered a comprehensive body of accounting principles under the United States securities laws and regulations.
Accordingly, our annual reports on Form 20-F for fiscal years 2000 through 2005 included U.S. GAAP financial statements. However,
pursuant to a significant expansion of Indian accounting standards, Indian GAAP constitutes a comprehensive body of accounting
principles. Accordingly, we have included in this annual report, as in the annual reports for fiscal years 2014 through 2018, consolidated
financial statements prepared according to Indian GAAP, with a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S.
GAAP and a description of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Our annual report prepared and distributed
to our shareholders under Indian law and regulations include unconsolidated Indian GAAP financial statements, management’s
discussion and analysis of the Bank’s results of operations and financial condition based on the Bank’s unconsolidated
Indian GAAP financial statements and our consolidated Indian GAAP financial statements.

The economic and industry data and information
presented in this document are sourced from government statistical releases, press releases and notifications by the Government
of India, the Reserve Bank of India and other regulators, data available on the websites of the Government of India, Reserve Bank
of India, other regulators and industry bodies.

4

Forward-Looking
Statements

We have included statements in this annual
report which contain words or phrases such as “will”, “would”, “aim”, “aimed”,
“will likely result”, “is likely”, “are likely”, “believe”, “expect”,
“expected to”, “will continue”, “will achieve”, “anticipate”, “estimate”,
“estimating”, “intend”, “plan”, “contemplate”, “seek to”, “seeking
to”, “trying to”, “target”, “propose to”, “future”, “objective”,
“goal”, “project”, “should”, “can”, “could”, “may”, “will
pursue” and similar expressions or variations of such expressions that may constitute “forward-looking statements”.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, opportunities
and growth potential to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, the actual growth in demand for banking and other financial products and services in the countries
in which we operate or where a material number of our customers reside; future levels of non-performing and restructured loans
and any increased provisions and regulatory and legal changes relating to those loans; our exposure to securities of asset reconstruction
companies; our ability to successfully implement our strategies, including our retail deposit growth strategy, our strategic use
of technology and the internet and our strategy to reduce our net non-performing assets; the continued service of our senior management;
the outcome of any legal, tax or regulatory proceedings in India and in other jurisdictions in which we are or become a party to;
the outcome of any internal or independent enquiries or regulatory or governmental investigations; our rural expansion; our exploration
of merger and acquisition opportunities; our ability to integrate recent or future mergers or acquisitions into our operations
and manage the risks associated with such acquisitions to achieve our strategic and financial objectives; our ability to manage
the increased complexity of the risks that we face following our international growth; our growth and expansion in domestic and
overseas markets; our status as a systemically important bank in India; our ability to maintain enhanced capital and liquidity
requirements; the adequacy of our allowance for credit and investment losses; our ability to market new products; investment income;
cash flow projections; the impact of any changes in India’s credit rating; the impact of any new accounting standards or
new accounting framework; our ability to implement our dividend payment practice; the impact of changes in banking and insurance
regulations and other regulatory changes in India and other jurisdictions on us, including changes in regulatory intensity, supervision
and interpretations; the state of the global financial system and systemic risks; the bond and loan market conditions and availability
of liquidity amongst the investor community in these markets; the nature of credit spreads and interest spreads from time to time,
including the possibility of increasing credit spreads or interest rates; our ability to roll over our short-term funding sources
and our exposure to credit, market, liquidity and reputational risks. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof.

In addition, other factors that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those estimated by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report include,
but are not limited to, the monetary and interest rate policies of India and the other markets in which we operate, general economic
and political conditions in India, southeast Asia, and the other countries which have an impact on our business activities or investments,
, political or financial instability in India or any other country caused by any factor including regional hostilities ,terrorist
attacks or social unrest, man-made or natural disasters and catastrophes, , inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence in interest
rates, changes or volatility in the value of the rupee, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the performance
of the financial markets in general, changes in domestic and foreign laws, regulations and taxes, changes in competition and the
pricing environment in India and regional or general changes in asset valuations. For a further discussion of the factors that
could cause actual results to differ, see the discussion under “Risk Factors” contained in this annual report.

5

Market Price
Information

Equity Shares

Our outstanding equity shares are currently
listed and traded on the BSE Limited under the number 532174, and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited under the symbol
ICICIBANK.

At June 30, 2019, total 6,452,596,296 equity
shares were outstanding. The prices for equity shares as quoted in the official list of each of the Indian stock exchanges are
in Indian rupees.

At June 30, 2019 there were 860,488 holders
of record of our equity shares, of which 1,385 had registered addresses in the United States and held an aggregate of 1,345,794
equity shares.

ADSs

Our ADSs, each representing two equity
shares, were originally issued in March 2000 in a public offering and are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under
the symbol IBN. The equity shares underlying the ADSs are listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

At June 30, 2019, we had approximately
772 million ADSs, equivalent to about 1,544 million equity shares, outstanding. At June 30, 2019, there were 89,328 record holders
of our ADSs, out of which 108 have registered addresses in the United States.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares—Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity
of our equity shares and ADSs
”.

6

Risk
Factors

You should carefully consider the following
risk factors as well as other information contained in this annual report in evaluating us and our business.

Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks

A prolonged slowdown in economic growth or
rise in interest rates in India could cause our business to suffer.

We are heavily dependent upon the state
of the Indian economy, and a slowdown in growth in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business, our borrowers and our
contractual counterparties, especially if such a slowdown were to be continued and prolonged. India’s gross domestic product
grew by 8.0% in fiscal 2016, 8.2% in fiscal 2017 and 7.2% in fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2019, India’s gross domestic product
grew by 6.8%. The agriculture sector grew by 2.9%, the industrial sector by 6.9% and the services sector by 7.5% in fiscal 2019
compared to a growth of 5.0%, 5.9% and 8.1% respectively in fiscal 2018. The agriculture sector accounted for 14.4% of gross value
added, while industry and services accounted for 31.3% and 54.3%, respectively in fiscal 2019.

From fiscal 2012, the Indian corporate
sector experienced several challenges which led to lower than projected cash flows for corporates and the progress in reducing
leverage in the corporate sector remained slow. The Reserve Bank of India initiated several measures from fiscal 2016 to accelerate
recognition and increase provisioning towards stressed accounts in the corporate sector. As a result, there was a significant increase
in the level of additions to non-performing loans, including slippages from restructured loans into non-performing status, for
the banking sector, including us. In fiscal 2018, the Reserve Bank of India introduced a new framework for the resolution of stressed
assets and withdrew the existing schemes for resolution, resulting in accelerated classification of assets under the resolution
schemes of the Reserve Bank of India as non-performing. Subsequently, a revised prudential framework for resolution of stressed
assets was announced which retained the withdrawal status of schemes for resolution. While additions to non-performing assets of
the banking sector, including us, moderated during fiscal 2019, provisions made by banks, including us, continued to be elevated,
as banks continued to make additional provisions on their existing portfolios of non-performing loans. During the year, challenges
emerged for non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies following a default by a large non-banking financial
company involved primarily in the infrastructure sector. This resulted in tightening liquidity conditions and increase in yields
on the debt of non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies, leading to funding and growth challenges. Further,
challenges emerged in certain sectors and borrower groups, such as real estate developers, and borrower groups that had borrowed
against their shareholding in listed group companies and faced refinancing challenges. See also “
—Risks Relating
to Our Business—Our level of non-performing assets is elevated, and if the level of our non-performing assets increases further
and the overall quality of our loan portfolio continues to deteriorate, our business will suffer
”.

Economic data for recent periods indicate
a moderation in economic activity and consumption, with a lower rate of growth of the gross domestic product as well as a decline
in high frequency indicators like vehicle sales. This could result in lower demand for credit from the banking system and also
adversely impact the quality of the existing portfolio. In addition, the challenges faced by non-banking financial companies and
housing finance companies have led to a slowdown in lending by these companies, which could result in refinancing risks for borrowers
and adversely impact the quality of the existing portfolio.

The Indian economy in general,
and the agricultural sector in particular, are impacted by the level and timing of monsoon rainfall. See also,
“—Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are subject to the directed lending requirements of the
Reserve Bank of India, and any shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required to be invested in Government schemes
that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability. We may also experience a higher level of non-performing assets
in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the
prices of our equity shares and ADSs”.
 Investments by the corporate sector in India are impacted by demand
conditions in the global and Indian economy and government policies and decisions including policies and decisions regarding
awards of licenses, access to land, access to natural resources and the protection of the environment. Economic growth in
India is also influenced by inflation, interest rates, external trade and capital flows. The level of inflation or
depreciation of the Indian rupee may limit monetary easing or cause monetary tightening by the Reserve Bank of India. Any
increase in inflation, due to increases in domestic food prices or global prices of commodities, including crude oil, the
impact of currency depreciation on the prices of imported commodities and additional pass through of higher fuel prices to
consumers, or otherwise, may result in a tightening of monetary policy. For instance, following an increase in inflation, the
repo rate was increased by 50 basis points during the initial part of fiscal 2019, but was subsequently reduced by 75 basis
points with the last reduction of 25 basis points to 5.75% in June 2019. India has, in the past, experienced sustained
periods of high inflation. A return to high rates of inflation with a resulting rise in interest rates, and any corresponding
tightening of monetary policy may have an adverse effect on economic growth in India.

7

Adverse changes to global liquidity conditions,
comparative interest rates and risk appetite could lead to significant capital outflows from India. For instance, due to concerns
regarding withdrawal of quantitative easing in the U.S. in June 2013, India saw an outflow of foreign institutional investments
from the debt market of about US$ 7.5 billion during June-July 2013. Similarly, a slowdown in global growth may impact India’s
exports and, in the event of over-supply or sharp and sustained price reductions of globally traded commodities such as metals
and minerals, may negatively impact our borrowers in these sectors. Global trade disputes and protectionist measures and counter-measures
could impact trade and capital flows and negatively affect the Indian economy.

A continuation of the slowdown in the rate
of growth in the Indian economy and adverse movements in global capital, commodity and other markets could result in further reduction
of demand for credit and other financial products and services, increased competition and higher defaults among corporate, retail
and rural borrowers, which could adversely impact our business, our financial performance, our stockholders’ equity, our
ability to implement our strategy and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Financial instability in other countries, particularly
emerging market countries and countries where we have established operations, could adversely affect our business and the prices
of our equity shares and ADSs.

Although the proximate cause of the 2008-2009
financial crisis, which was deeper than other financial crises, was the U.S. residential mortgage market, investors should be aware
that there is a recent history of financial crises and boom-bust cycles in multiple markets in both the emerging and developed
economies which leads to risks for all financial institutions, including us. Developments in the Eurozone, including concerns regarding
sovereign debt default, negotiations between the United Kingdom and European policymakers and delays in ratifying the withdrawal
agreement following the United Kingdom’s vote to withdraw from the European Union, the exit of any other country from the
European Union, recessionary economic conditions as well as concerns related to the impact of tightening monetary policy in the
U.S. and a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets.

More specifically, on June 23, 2016, the
United Kingdom held a remain-or-leave referendum on its membership within the European Union, the result of which favored the exit
of the United Kingdom from the European Union (“Brexit”). A process of negotiation will determine the future terms
of the United Kingdom’s relationship with the European Union, as well as whether the United Kingdom will be able to continue
to benefit from the European Union’s free trade and similar agreements. Given the lack of precedent, it is unclear how the
United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union would affect the fiscal, monetary and regulatory landscape within the United
Kingdom, the European Union and globally. The political and economic instability created by Brexit has caused and may continue
to cause significant volatility in global financial markets. The effects of Brexit will depend on any agreements the United Kingdom
makes to retain access to European Union markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. Brexit could lead to
legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which European Union
laws to replace or replicate. Furthermore, uncertainty around these and related issues could lead to adverse effects on the economy
of the United Kingdom and the other economies in which we operate. The uncertainty before, during and after the period of negotiation
may also create a negative economic impact and increase volatility in global markets. Such volatility and negative economic developments
could, in turn, materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations.

A loss of investor confidence in the financial
systems of India or other markets and countries or any financial instability in India or any other market may cause increased volatility
in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector, our business
and our future financial performance. See also “
—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our international operations
increase the complexity of the risks that we face
”. We remain subject to the risks posed by the indirect impact of adverse
developments in the global economy and the global banking environment, some of which cannot be anticipated and the vast majority
of which are not under our control. We also remain subject to counterparty risk to financial institutions that fail or are otherwise
unable to meet their obligations to us.

Any downgrade of India’s debt rating
by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, our liquidity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

We are rated by Moody’s and Standard
and Poor’s. While Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s currently have stable outlooks on their sovereign ratings
for India, they may lower their sovereign ratings for India or the outlook on such ratings, which would also impact our ratings.
Rating agencies may also change their methodology for rating banks which may impact us. For instance, in April 2015, Moody’s
revised its bank rating methodology and the assessment of government support to banks, following which the rating of several banks
globally were revised, including Indian banks. The Bank’s senior unsecured debt rating was downgraded by one level to Baa3
following the methodology change. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by
international rating

8

agencies may adversely impact our business
and limit our access to capital markets and adversely impact our liquidity position. Following the significant increase in non-performing
loans in the Indian banking sector, including for us, rating agency Moody’s revised the rating of a few public sector banks
and the outlook for some public and private sector banks. While Moody’s reaffirmed the Bank’s senior unsecured debt
rating at Baa3, the baseline credit assessment of the Bank was lowered from baa3 to ba1 and the outlook on the Bank’s senior
unsecured debt was changed from positive to stable in July 2017. Any changes to ratings for India, the Indian banking system or
unsolicited ratings of ICICI Bank by rating agencies from whom we have not obtained ratings, may also impact investor perception
of the Bank.

The rating of our foreign branches is impacted
by the sovereign rating of the country in which the branch is located, particularly if the rating is below India’s rating.
Any revision to the sovereign rating of the countries in which we operate to below India’s rating could impact the rating
of our foreign branch in the jurisdiction and the bonds issued from these branches. See also “
—Risks Relating to
Our Business—Our inability to effectively manage credit, market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models
and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds
”.

A significant increase in the price of crude
oil could adversely affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business.

India imports a majority of its requirements
of petroleum oil and petroleum products, with crude oil comprising around 27% of total imports in fiscal 2019. The Government of
India has deregulated prices and has been reducing the subsidy in respect of certain oil products, resulting in international crude
prices having a greater effect on domestic prices of petroleum products. The increase in global crude oil prices in fiscal 2018
and fiscal 2019, led to an increase in India’s trade and current account deficits. Elevated oil price levels or volatility
in oil prices, as well as the impact of currency depreciation, which makes imports more expensive in local currency, and the pass-through
of such increases to Indian consumers or an increase in subsidies (which would increase the fiscal deficit) could have a material
adverse impact on the Indian economy and the Indian banking and financial system, including through a rise in inflation and market
interest rates, higher trade and fiscal deficits
and currency depreciation
. A prolonged period
of elevated global crude oil prices could also adversely affect our business including our liquidity, the quality of our assets,
our financial performance, our stockholders’ equity, our ability to implement our strategy and the prices of our equity shares
and ADSs.

Current account deficits, including trade deficits,
and capital flow and exchange rate volatility could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

India’s trade relationships with
other countries and its trade deficit, may adversely affect Indian economic conditions and the exchange rate for the rupee. The
current account deficit as a proportion of India’s gross domestic product had improved significantly from a high of 4.7%
in fiscal 2013 to 1.3% in fiscal 2015, 1.1% in fiscal 2016 and 0.7% in fiscal 2017, which was driven primarily by the sharp decline
in crude oil and commodity prices and a slowdown in non-oil imports. The current account deficit increased in fiscal 2018 to 1.9%
of India’s gross domestic product and further to 2.2% in fiscal 2019, following the increase in global prices of crude oil
and other commodities, combined with the growth in non-oil imports. Rising volatility in capital flows due to changes in monetary
policy in the United States or other economies or a reduction in risk appetite or increase in risk aversion among global investors
and consequent reduction in global liquidity may impact the Indian economy and financial markets. For instance, during the first
half of fiscal 2014, emerging markets including India witnessed significant capital outflows on account of concerns regarding the
withdrawal of quantitative easing in the U.S. and other domestic structural factors such as the high current account deficit and
lower growth outlook. In fiscal 2019, concerns regarding India’s current account deficit increased following the sharp rise
in global oil prices and the possibility of a trade war between large economies. There was an outflow of foreign portfolio investments
and the exchange rate depreciated, partly offset by, the strong inflow of foreign direct investments during the year along with
stable foreign exchange reserves.

Exchange rates are impacted by a number
of factors including volatility of international capital markets, interest rates and monetary policy stance in developed economies
like the United States, level of inflation and interest rates in India, the balance of payment position and trends in economic
activity. From the beginning of fiscal 2013 through fiscal 2016, the rupee depreciated 30.4% against the U.S. dollar. In fiscal
2017, the rupee appreciated by about 2.1% against the U.S. dollar followed by a depreciation of 0.4% in fiscal 2018. In fiscal
2019, the rupee depreciated by 14.2% against the U.S. dollar between April 1, 2018 and October 9, 2018 following an increase in
global crude oil prices and concerns regarding the increase in India’s current account deficit. The exchange rate subsequently
appreciated by 7.0% between October 9, 2018 and March 31, 2019.

If the current account and trade deficits
increase, or are no longer manageable because of factors impacting the trade deficit like a significant rise in global crude oil
prices or otherwise, the Indian economy, and therefore our

9

business, our financial performance and
the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected. Any reduction of or increase in the volatility of capital
flows may impact the Indian economy and financial markets and increase the complexity and uncertainty in monetary policy decisions
in India, leading to volatility in inflation and interest rates in India, which could also adversely impact our business, our financial
performance, our stockholders’ equity, and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Further, any increased intervention in
the foreign exchange market or other measures by the Reserve Bank of India to control the volatility of the exchange rate, may
result in a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and reduced liquidity and higher interest rates in the Indian economy.
For instance, following the depreciation of the rupee between August 2018 and October 2018, the Reserve Bank of India implemented
several measures including, intervention in the foreign exchange market, which resulted in a temporary decline in foreign exchange
reserves. Prolonged periods of volatility in exchange rates, reduced liquidity and high interest rates could adversely affect our
business, our future financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. A sharp depreciation in the exchange rate
may also impact some corporate borrowers having foreign currency obligations that are not fully hedged. See also “
—Risks
Relating to Our Business—We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates
”.

Financial difficulty and other problems in
the Indian financial system could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

We were declared a systemically important
bank in India by the Reserve Bank of India in August 2015, and have continued to be categorized as a systemically important bank
in India in subsequent years. See also “
Overview of the Indian Financial Sector
”. We are not treated as a globally
systemically important bank, either by the FSB or the Reserve Bank of India. As a systemically important Indian bank, we are exposed
to the risks of the Indian financial system which may be affected by the financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial
institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading,
clearing or other relationships. This risk, which is sometimes referred to as systemic risk, may adversely affect financial intermediaries,
such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties
or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions
and banks and adversely affect our business.
For instance, in fiscal 2019 a large systemically important
non-deposit taking non-banking financial company defaulted on its repayments on short-term market instruments leading to adverse
market reactions including a sharp drop in share prices of non-banking financial companies, increase in yields on their debt and
tightening liquidity conditions leading to refinancing challenges for these companies.
 This has resulted in a slowdown in
lending by these companies which could lead to financing and refinancing challenges for their customers, who may also be customers
of banks, including us. The overall impact of these developments on credit markets is uncertain and there could be an adverse impact
on the loan portfolios of banks, including us, if customers are no longer able to access financing or refinancing from these entities
or replace such financing or refinancing from other sources, thereby impacting their ability to conduct operations or meet their
financial obligations. Our transactions with these financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default by the
counterparty, which can be exacerbated during periods of market illiquidity. See also “
—Risks Relating to Our Business—There
is operational risk associated with the financial industry which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business
”.

As the Indian financial system operates
in an emerging market, we face risks of a nature and extent not typically faced in more developed economies, including the risk
of deposit runs notwithstanding the existence of a national deposit insurance scheme. For instance, in April 2003, unsubstantiated
rumors alleged that we were facing liquidity problems. Although our liquidity position was sound, we witnessed higher than normal
deposit withdrawals on account of these unsubstantiated rumors for a few days in April 2003. In 2008, following the bankruptcy
of Lehman Brothers and the disclosure of our exposure to Lehman Brothers and other U.S. and European financial institutions, negative
rumors circulated about our financial position which resulted in concerns being expressed by depositors and higher than normal
transaction levels on a few days. We controlled the situation in these instances, but any failure to control such situations in
the future could result in high volumes of deposit withdrawals, which would adversely impact our liquidity position, disrupt our
business and, in times of market stress, undermine our financial strength.

We could also face risks from the inability
of Indian banks in general to resolve non-performing loans and take timely decisions, particularly in the case of borrowers that
may have taken loans from multiple banks. The Reserve Bank of India is addressing credit and concentration risks through measures
like limiting the banking system’s exposure to large borrowers, enabling a comprehensive assessment of leverage by requiring
all exposures to borrowers above a specified threshold to be reported by banks into a common database, and guidelines for identifying
stress in borrower accounts at an early stage and implementing a resolution plan for any overdue account within specified timelines.
While these steps will reduce potential problems in borrower accounts and improve credit decisions among banks, there can be no
assurance that in the event of stress, banks will be able to make timely decisions and agree on a resolution plan within prescribed
timelines which could significantly reduce the value of these assets and recovery for

10

banks. See also “
—Risks
Relating to Our Business—Our level of non-performing assets is elevated, and if the level of our non-performing assets increases
further and the overall quality of our loan portfolio continues to deteriorate, our business will suffer
”.

Our risk profile is linked to the Indian economy
and the banking and financial markets in India which are still evolving.

Our credit risk may be higher than the
credit risk of banks in some developed economies. Our access to information about the credit histories of our borrowers, especially
individuals and small businesses, may be limited relative to what is typically available for similar borrowers in developed economies
with more established nation-wide credit bureaus. In addition, the credit risk of our borrowers is often higher than borrowers
in more developed economies due to the evolving Indian regulatory, political, economic and industrial environment. The directed
lending norms of the Reserve Bank of India require us to lend a certain proportion of our loans to “priority sectors”,
including agriculture and small enterprises, where we are less able to control the portfolio quality and where economic difficulties
are likely to affect our borrowers more severely. Any shortfall may be required to be allocated to investments yielding sub-market
returns. See also “—
Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are subject
to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, and any shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required
to be invested in Government schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability
.
We may also experience
a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality of our loan
portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
” and “
Business—Loan Portfolio—Directed
Lending
”. Several of our corporate borrowers have suffered from low profitability because of increased competition from
liberalization, delays in project completion and cash flow generation, movements in commodity prices, high debt burden and high
interest rates, and other factors. An economic slowdown and a general decline in business activity in India could impose further
stress on these borrowers’ financial soundness and profitability and thus expose us to increased credit risk. Developments
in the Indian economy have led to a rise in non-performing and restructured assets of Indian banks, including us, since fiscal
2014. Such conditions may lead to an increase in the level of our non-performing assets and there could be an adverse impact on
our business, our future financial performance, our stockholders’ equity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

In addition to credit risks, we
also face additional risks as compared with banks in developed economies. We pursue our banking, insurance and other
activities in India in a developing economy with all of the risks that come with such an economy. Our activities in India are
widespread and diverse and involve employees, contractors, counterparties and customers with widely varying levels of
education, financial sophistication and wealth. Although we seek to implement policies and procedures to reduce and manage
marketplace risks as well as risks within our own organization, some risks remain inherent in doing business in a large,
developing country. We cannot eliminate these marketplace and operational risks, which may lead to or exacerbate legal or
regulatory actions, negative publicity or other developments that could reduce our profitability. In the aftermath of the
financial crisis, regulatory scrutiny of these risks is increasing. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of
our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector
increases the risk of regulatory action, whether formal or informal
.
Following the financial crisis, regulators are
increasingly viewing us, as well as other financial institutions, as presenting a higher risk profile than in the
past
”, “
—We are at increased risk for inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement
authorities, which may adversely affect our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us to incur additional
costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct business
” “
—The value of our collateral may
decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing our collateral when borrowers default on their obligations to us which may
result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential loss
” and
“-
Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may
adversely affect our business”
.

Changes in the regulation and structure of
the financial markets in India may adversely impact our business.

The Indian financial markets have in recent
years experienced, and continue to experience, changes and developments aimed at reducing the cost and improving the quality of
service delivery to users of financial services. We may experience an adverse impact on the cash float and fees from our cash
management business resulting from the development and increased usage of payment systems, as well as other similar structural
changes. Some structural changes in banking transactions in India include free access for a customer of any bank to ATMs of all
other banks with restrictions on the amount and number of transactions. Furthermore, the Reserve Bank of India, from time to time,
also imposes limits on transaction charges levied by banks on customers, including those on cash and card transactions. Banks
were directed to remove foreclosure charges on home loans and floating rate term loans given to individual borrowers. Banks were
prohibited from levying penalty on non-operative accounts for non-maintenance of minimum balance. Such developments may adversely
impact the profitability of banks, including us, by reducing float balances and fee incomes, and increasing costs. See also “—
Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The regulatory environment for financial institutions
is facing unprecedented change in the post-financial crisis environment
”. Our subsidiaries are also subject to similar
risks. For instance, in the Union Budget for fiscal 2015, the Finance Minister announced an increase in the long-term capital
gains tax rate on investments in debt mutual funds from 10% to 20% and also increased the minimum holding period

11

for qualification as a long-term investment
from 12 months to 36 months. Starting from April 2015, the Association of Mutual Funds of India has introduced a cap of 100 basis
points on upfront commissions for all mutual fund schemes and from fiscal 2019, the government has introduced a tax on distributed
income by equity oriented mutual funds at the rate of 10.0%. Further, the Reserve Bank of India has rationalized the Merchant
Discount Rate for debit card transactions, effective from January 1, 2018. The guidelines replaced the earlier slab-rate based
Merchant Discount Rate on transaction value to a merchant turnover based Merchant Discount Rate structure, for which merchants
have been suitably categorized, and has specified a ceiling on the maximum permissible Merchant Discount Rate. The Reserve Bank
of India has announced the introduction of an electronic trading platform for buying/selling foreign exchange by retail customers
of banks, aimed at enhancing transparency and competition and lowering costs for retail customers. The Government of India in
its budget for fiscal 2020 has proposed that business establishments above a certain size should offer low cost digital modes
of payment, with no charges being levied on the customers or the merchants. These changes may affect our fee income and have an
impact on the inflows and earnings of asset management companies, including our asset management subsidiary. See also “—
Risks
relating to our Business—While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance
of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability
”.

A significant change in the Indian government’s
policies could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Our business and customers are predominantly
located in India or are related to and influenced by the Indian economy. The Indian government has traditionally exercised, and
continues to exercise, a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy. The Indian Government’s policies could adversely
affect business and economic conditions in India, our ability to implement our strategy, the operations of our subsidiaries and
our future financial performance. Since 1991, successive Indian governments have pursued policies of economic liberalization, including
significantly relaxing restrictions on the private sector and encouraging the development of the Indian financial sector. While
a single party achieved majority in the general elections in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2020, India has been governed by coalition
governments in previous years. The leadership of India and the composition of the government are subject to change, and election
results are sometimes not along expected lines. It is difficult to predict the economic policies that will be pursued by governments
in the future. In addition, investments by the corporate sector in India may be impacted by government policies and decisions,
including with respect to awards of licenses and resources, access to land and natural resources and policies with respect to protection
of the environment. Such policies and decisions may result in delays in execution of projects, including those financed by us,
and also limit new project investments, and thereby impact economic growth.

The pace of economic liberalization could
change, and specific laws and policies affecting banking and finance companies, foreign investment, currency exchange and other
matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well. For instance, the Government of India has introduced a uniform
Goods and Services Tax system, which has an impact on the way in which we are taxed and may have an impact on the operations and
cash flows of our borrowers. There could also be one-time decisions by the Government of India that could impact our business and
financial performance. For instance, the government’s decision in the second half of fiscal 2017 to withdraw legal tender
status of high denomination currency notes led to an increase in costs associated with the transition and the reduction in revenues
due to accompanying measures such as the reduction or waiver of transaction charges for ATM and card transactions for the specified
period. There was also a surge in low cost deposits resulting in a significant increase in liquidity in the banking system and
a reduction in cost of funds. During fiscal 2018, the Reserve Bank of India identified specific accounts and required banks to
either commence proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code or finalise resolution plans within specified timelines and
also required banks to make higher provisions for these accounts. A new framework for the resolution of stressed assets was also
introduced during the year (and subsequently modified in fiscal 2020), withdrawing existing resolution schemes and resulting in
classification of majority of loans under these schemes as non-performing in fiscal 2018. Any such changes in regulations or significant
change in India’s economic policies or any market volatility as a result of uncertainty surrounding India’s macroeconomic
policies or the future elections of its government could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally and
our business in particular and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Natural calamities, climate change and health
epidemics could adversely affect the Indian economy, or the economy of other countries where we operate, our business and the prices
of our equity shares and ADSs.

India has experienced natural calamities
such as earthquakes, floods and droughts in the past few years. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determine their
impact on the Indian economy. In particular, climatic and weather conditions, such as the level and timing of monsoon rainfall,
impact the agricultural sector, which constituted approximately 14.4% of India’s gross value added in fiscal 2019. Prolonged
spells of below or above normal rainfall or other natural calamities, or global or regional climate change, could adversely affect
the Indian economy and our business, especially our rural portfolio. Similarly, global or regional climate change in India and
other countries where

12

we operate could result in change in weather
patterns and frequency of natural calamities like droughts, floods and cyclones, which could affect the economy of India, the countries
where we operate and our operations in those countries.

Health epidemics could also disrupt our
business. In 2018, there were outbreaks of nipah virus, in certain regions of southeast Asia, including India and several countries
in which we operate. Any future outbreak of health epidemics may restrict the level of business activity in affected areas, which
may in turn adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

If regional hostilities, terrorist attacks,
or social unrest in India or elsewhere increase, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

India has from time to time experienced
social and civil unrest and hostilities both internally and with neighboring countries. In the past, there have been military confrontations
between India and Pakistan, and border disputes with neighboring countries. India has also experienced terrorist attacks in some
parts of the country, including in Mumbai, where our headquarters are located. India could also be impacted by intensifying trade
wars between large economies, like the U.S. increasing trade tariffs on goods imported from China, or possible import restrictions
on Indian goods by trading partners that could have an adverse impact on India’s trade and capital flows, exchange rate and
macroeconomic stability. In addition, geopolitical events in the Middle East, Asia and Eastern Europe or terrorist or military
action in other parts of the world may impact prices of key commodities, financial markets and trade and capital flows. These factors
and any political or economic instability in India could adversely affect our business, our future financial performance and the
prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Uncertainty about the future of LIBOR may adversely
affect our business.

On July 27, 2017, the Chief Executive of
the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate or LIBOR, announced that it intends
to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. In
June 2019, the Financial Conduct Authority asked banks and markets to stop using the LIBOR as a basis for pricing contracts. These
announcements indicate that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. It is
impossible to predict whether and to what extent banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the administrator of LIBOR
or whether any additional reforms to LIBOR may be enacted in the United Kingdom or elsewhere. At this time, no consensus exists
as to what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to LIBOR and it is impossible to predict the effect of any such alternatives
on the value of LIBOR-based securities and variable rate loans or other financial arrangements, given LIBOR’s role in determining
market interest rates globally. Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes or other
reforms to LIBOR may adversely affect LIBOR rates and other interest rates. In the event that a published LIBOR rate is unavailable
after 2021, the value of such securities, loans or other financial arrangements may be adversely affected, and, to the extent that
we are the issuer of or obligor under any such instruments or arrangements, our cost thereunder may increase. Currently, the manner
and impact of this transition and related developments, as well as the effect of these developments on our funding costs, investment
and trading securities portfolios and business, is uncertain.

Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly
regulated sector

If regulatory and legal changes continue to
impose increasingly stringent requirements regarding non-performing loans and provisioning for such loans, our business will suffer.

The Reserve Bank of India has substantially
expanded its guidance relating to the identification and classification of non-performing assets over the last five years, which
has resulted in an increase in our loans classified as non-performing and an increase in provisions. Nevertheless, these provisions
may not be adequate to cover further increases in the amount of non-performing loans or further deterioration in our non-performing
loan portfolio. In addition, the Reserve Bank of India’s annual supervisory process may assess higher provisions than we
have made.

Effective April 1, 2014, the Reserve Bank
of India issued guidelines which included a framework for early identification and resolution of stressed assets. The guidelines
introduced an asset classification category of “special mention accounts”, which comprised cases that were not yet
restructured or classified as non-performing but which exhibited early signs of stress, as determined by various parameters. Banks
were required to share data with each other on a category of special mention accounts, form joint lenders’ forums and devise
action plans for the joint resolution of these accounts. Any failure to do so within stipulated timeframes could result in accelerated
provisioning for such cases and could materially and adversely impact our business and future financial performance. From April
1, 2015 onwards, loans that were restructured (other than due to a delay in project implementation up to specified periods) have
to be classified as non-performing assets. Loans to projects under implementation that are restructured due to a delay in implementation
of the project (up to a specified period) enjoy forbearance in classification as non-performing assets,

13

subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions
stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India. During the three months ended December 31, 2015, against the backdrop of continuing challenges
in the corporate sector, the Reserve Bank of India articulated an objective of early and conservative recognition of stress and
provisioning and held discussions with and asked a number of Indian banks, including us, to review certain loan accounts and their
classification over the six months ended March 31, 2016. As a result of the challenges faced by the corporate sector and the discussions
with and review by the Reserve Bank of India, non-performing loans increased significantly for the banking system, including us,
during the second half of fiscal 2016. In April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India directed banks to put in place board-approved policies
for making provisions for standard assets at rates higher than those prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India, based on industry
sectors and an assessment of sectoral risks and trends.

In April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India
required banks to disclose the divergence in asset classification and provisioning between what banks report and what the Reserve
Bank of India assesses through the Reserve Bank of India’s annual supervisory process. The disclosure was required if either
the additional provisioning requirement assessed by the Reserve Bank of India exceeds 15.0% of the published net profits after
tax for the period, or the additional gross non-performing assets identified by the Reserve Bank of India exceeds 15.0% of the
published incremental gross non-performing assets for the reference period, or both. In April 2019, the Reserve Bank of India revised
the disclosure requirement for divergence in asset classification and provisioning. The disclosure is required if either the additional
provisioning requirement assessed by the Reserve Bank of India exceeds 10.0% of the published profits before provisions and contingencies
for the period, or the additional gross non-performing assets identified by the Reserve Bank of India exceeds 15.0% of the published
incremental gross non-performing assets for the reference period, or both. For fiscal 2016, as compared to our assessment, the
Reserve Bank of India’s assessment of gross non-performing assets was Rs. 51.0 billion higher, net non-performing assets
were Rs. 40.3 billion higher and provisions for non-performing assets were Rs. 10.7 billion higher. After adjusting for these divergences,
our net profit after tax for the year ended March 31, 2016 would have been Rs. 90.3 billion rather than Rs. 97.3 billion. For fiscal
2017 and fiscal 2018, the assessment of divergence in asset classification and provisioning, conducted by the Reserve Bank of India
in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019 respectively, was lower than the prescribed thresholds and did not require any additional disclosures.
For further information, see also Note 18 to Schedule 18 “Notes Forming part of the Accounts” to the standalone financial
statements. There can be no assurance that such disclosures in the future will not impact us, our reputation, our business and
future financial performance. There could be a possibility of the Reserve Bank of India or other regulatory bodies also taking
enforcement action based on divergences in the assessment of asset classification and provisioning. Our subsidiaries are also regulated
by their respective regulatory bodies. Similar to us, there may arise a requirement for additional disclosures from our subsidiaries
in the future, which may have an adverse impact on us.

In June 2017, the Reserve Bank of India
directed banks to commence proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, enacted in 2016, in respect of certain corporate
borrowers. Under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, a resolution plan for these borrowers would be required to be finalized within
specified timeframes, failing which the borrowers would go into liquidation. The Reserve Bank of India also specified higher provisions
in respect of loans to these borrowers. In August 2017, the Reserve Bank of India identified additional accounts and directed banks
to initiate insolvency resolution process under the provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code by December 31, 2017 if a
resolution plan where the residual debt was rated investment grade by two external credit rating agencies was not implemented by
December 13, 2017. Further, on February 12, 2018, the Reserve Bank of India issued a revised framework for resolution of stressed
assets, which required commencement of proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code in respect of borrowers where a resolution
satisfying specified criteria could not be achieved within a prescribed timeframe. Certain borrowers and industry associations
representing affected firms filed petitions challenging the Reserve Bank of India’s revised framework for resolution of stressed
assets dated February 12, 2018 in various High Courts. Subsequently, the Reserve Bank of India petitioned the Supreme Court to
transfer all such petitions filed before various High Courts to the Supreme Court. On September 11, 2018, the Supreme Court, while
allowing the Reserve Bank of India’s transfer petition, passed an order transferring all such petitions pending before various
High Courts to itself and requiring the status quo as on that date to be maintained. In April 2019, the Supreme Court declared
the Reserve Bank of India circular on revised framework for resolution of stressed assets, dated February 12, 2018 as unconstitutional.
Following this judgement, in June 2019, the Reserve Bank of India issued a revised prudential framework for resolution of stressed
assets which allows the lenders to decide on the resolution plan and does not mandate commencement of proceedings under the Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code. Additional provisions are required in the absence of a resolution plan or initiation of insolvency proceedings.
Further, the guideline requires banks to identify borrowers in financial difficulty, indications of which may include defaults,
projections of cash-flows, status of accounts, etc. This could create challenges for such borrowers, including some facing temporary
difficulties, in raising finances for growth and impact their repayment ability.

In August 2017, the Securities and Exchange
Board of India issued a circular requiring listed companies to disclose to the stock exchanges, within one working day, any event
of default in payment of interest on installment obligations on debt securities including commercial paper, medium term notes,
loans from banks and financial institutions, external

14

commercial borrowing and other forms of
debt. The circular was to be effective from October 1, 2017, but has been deferred.

We are subject to the directed lending requirements
of the Reserve Bank of India, and any shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required to be invested in Government schemes
that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability. We may also experience a higher level of non-performing assets in
our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of
our equity shares and ADSs.

Under the directed lending norms of the
Reserve Bank of India, banks in India are required to lend 40.0% of their adjusted net bank credit to certain eligible sectors,
categorized as priority sectors. Of this, banks have sub-targets for lending to key segments or sectors. A proportion of 8.0% of
adjusted net bank credit is required to be lent to small and marginal farmers and 7.5% to micro-enterprises. The balance of the
priority sector lending requirement can be met by lending to a range of sectors, including small businesses, medium-sized enterprises,
renewable energy, social infrastructure and residential mortgages satisfying certain criteria. The Reserve Bank of India has directed
banks to maintain direct lending to non-corporate farmers at the banking system’s average level for the last three years
and has notified a target of 12.0% of adjusted net bank credit for this purpose for fiscal 2019. Loans to identified weaker sections
of society must comprise 10.0% of adjusted net bank credit. From fiscal 2017, these requirements are assessed on a quarterly average
basis compared to the earlier requirement of meeting as of the last reporting Friday of the fiscal year with reference to the adjusted
net bank credit of the previous fiscal year.

These requirements apply to ICICI Bank
on a standalone basis. Total average priority sector lending in fiscal 2019 was Rs. 1,891.7 billion constituting 41.5% of adjusted
net bank credit against the requirement of 40.0% of adjusted net bank credit. The average lending to the agriculture sector was
Rs. 749.8 billion constituting 16.5% of adjusted net bank credit against the requirement of 18.0% of adjusted net bank credit.
The average advances to weaker sections were Rs. 403.5 billion constituting 8.9% of adjusted net bank credit against the requirement
of 10.0% of adjusted net bank credit. Average lending to small and marginal farmers was Rs. 307.7 billion constituting 6.8% of
adjusted net bank credit against the requirement of 8.0% of adjusted net bank credit. The average lending to micro enterprises
was Rs. 360.1 billion constituting 7.9% of adjusted net bank credit against the requirement of 7.5% of adjusted net bank credit.
The average lending to non-corporate farmers was Rs. 496.1 billion constituting 10.9% of adjusted net bank credit against the requirement
of 12.0% of adjusted net bank credit.

The Reserve Bank of India has from time
to time issued guidelines on priority sector lending requirements that restrict the ability of banks to meet the directed lending
obligations through lending to specialized financial intermediaries, specified criteria to be fulfilled for investments by banks
in securitized assets and outright purchases of loans and assignments to be eligible for classification as priority sector lending
and regulate the interest rates charged to ultimate borrowers by the originating entities in such transactions. Any revision in
the definition or classification of segments eligible for priority sector lending could also impact our ability to meet priority
sector lending requirements. In September 2013, the Reserve Bank of India set up a committee on comprehensive financial services
for small businesses and low income households which, among other recommendations, proposed a new methodology for computation of
priority sector targets based on district-level credit penetration and other criteria. This recommendation has not been implemented
thus far.

Any shortfall in meeting the priority sector
lending requirements may be required to be invested at any time, at the Reserve Bank of India’s request, in Government of
India schemes that yield low returns, determined depending on the prevailing bank rate and on the level of shortfall, thereby impacting
our profitability. The aggregate amount of funding required by such schemes is drawn from banks that have shortfalls in achievement
of their priority sector lending targets, with the amounts drawn from each bank determined by the Reserve Bank of India. At March
31, 2019, our total investments in such schemes on account of past shortfalls in achieving the required level of priority sector
lending were Rs. 292.6 billion. These investments count towards overall priority sector target achievement. Investments at March
31 of the preceding year are included in the adjusted net bank credit which forms the base for computation of the priority sector
and sub-segment lending requirements. The Reserve Bank of India has also allowed banks to sell and purchase priority sector lending
certificates in the event of excess/shortfall in meeting priority sector targets, which may help in reducing the shortfall in priority
sector lending. However, this would depend on the availability of such certificates for trading. Our investments in Government
of India schemes are expected to increase in view of the continuing shortfall in agriculture lending sub-targets and weaker section
loans. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Directed Lending
”.

As a result of priority sector lending
requirements, we may experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, particularly due to
loans to the agricultural sector and small enterprises, where we are less able to control the portfolio quality and where economic
difficulties are likely to affect our borrowers more severely. The Bank’s gross non-performing assets in the priority sector
loan portfolio were 2.2% each in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 and 1.9% in fiscal 2019. In fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019,
some states in India announced

15

schemes for waiver of loans taken by farmers.
While the cost of such schemes is borne by the state governments, such schemes or borrower expectations of such schemes have resulted
in higher delinquencies in the kisan credit card portfolio for banks, including us. Under the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines,
these and other specified categories of agricultural loans are classified as non-performing when they are overdue for more than
360 days, as compared to 90 days for loans in general. Thus, the classification of overdue loans as non-performing occurs at a
later stage in respect of such loans than the loan portfolio in general. Any future changes by the Reserve Bank of India to the
directed lending norms may result in our continued inability to meet the priority sector lending requirements as well as require
us to increase our lending to relatively riskier segments and may result in an increase in non-performing loans.

In addition to the directed lending requirements,
the Reserve Bank of India has mandated banks in India to have a financial inclusion plan for expanding banking services to rural
and unbanked centers and to customers who currently do not have access to banking services. Further, since August 2014, the Indian
government has launched a financial inclusion mission which involves opening a bank account for every household along with credit
and insurance facilities. The expansion into these markets involves significant investments and recurring costs. The profitability
of these operations depends on our ability to generate business volumes in these centers and from these customers, and the level
of non-performing loans in the portfolio of loans to such customers.

We are subject to capital adequacy requirements
stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel III, as well as general market expectations regarding the level of capital
adequacy large Indian private sector banks should maintain, and any inability to maintain adequate capital due to changes in regulations,
a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.

Banks in India are subject to the Basel
III capital adequacy framework as stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India. The Basel III guidelines, among other things, establish
common equity Tier 1 as a new tier of capital; impose a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 5.5% and a minimum
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 7.0% while retaining the minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 9.0%, and maintain a common
equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets above the minimum requirements to avoid restrictions
on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. The guidelines also establish eligibility criteria for capital instruments
in each tier of regulatory capital, require more stringent adjustments to and deductions from regulatory capital, provide for more
limited recognition of minority interests in the regulatory capital of a consolidated banking group, and modify the Reserve Bank
of India’s Basel II guidelines with respect to credit risk, including counterparty credit risk and credit risk mitigation,
and market risk. The Basel III guidelines were to be fully implemented by year-end fiscal 2019. However, the Reserve Bank of India
deferred the implementation of the last tranche of 0.625% of capital conservation buffer from March 31, 2019 to March 31, 2020.
Accordingly, the minimum capital conservation ratios as applicable from March 31, 2018 are applicable from March 31, 2019 until
the capital conservation buffer attains the level of 2.5% on March 31, 2020. In June 2019, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines
requiring banks to maintain a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0% for domestic systemically important banks and 3.5% for other banks
with effect from October 1, 2019. Applying the Basel III guidelines, our capital ratios on a consolidated basis at March 31, 2019
were: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 13.42%; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 14.73%; and total risk-based
capital ratio of 16.47%.

The capital regulations continue to evolve,
both globally and in India. The Reserve Bank of India requires additional capital to be held by banks as a systemic buffer. For
instance, in July 2014, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines requiring additional common equity Tier 1 capital requirements
ranging from 0.2% to 0.8% of risk-weighted assets for domestic banks that are identified as systemically important. The systemic
importance of a bank would be determined based on the size, inter-connectedness, substitutability and complexity of the bank, with
a larger weightage given to size. We were declared a systemically important bank in India by the Reserve Bank of India in August
2015 and in subsequent years, and were placed in the first bucket, which requires us to maintain additional common equity Tier
1 capital of 0.2% in a phased manner from April 19, 2016. Further, the Reserve Bank of India also released guidelines on implementation
of counter cyclical capital buffers which propose higher capital requirements for banks, ranging from 0% to 2.5% of risk-weighted
assets, during periods of high economic growth. The capital requirement would be determined based on certain triggers such as deviation
of long-term average credit-to-GDP ratio and other indicators. While these guidelines are already effective, the Reserve Bank of
India has stated that current economic conditions do not warrant activation of the counter cyclical capital buffer. In addition,
with the approval of the Reserve Bank of India, banks in India may migrate to advanced approaches for calculating risk-based capital
requirements in the medium term. The Reserve Bank of India has indicated that it would increase the risk weight on unrated exposures
to corporates and infrastructure financing non-banking finance companies from 100.0% to 150.0% if the aggregate exposure of the
banking system exceeds Rs. 2.0 billion. This was expected to be effective from June 30, 2017, but was deferred and is effective
from April 1, 2019. In April 2018, the Reserve Bank of India advised banks to create an Investment Fluctuation Reserve from fiscal
2019 with the aim of building adequate reserves to protect against sudden increase in government bond yields. A minimum amount
equal to either the net profit on sale of investments during the year or net profit for the year excluding mandatory appropriations,
whichever is lower, would have to be transferred to

16

the Investment Fluctuation Reserve and
would cover at least 2.0% of the held-for-trading and available-for-sale portfolio of the bank, on a continuing basis. This reserve
would be eligible for inclusion in tier 2 capital. In fiscal 2019, we transferred Rs. 12.69 billion from tier 1 capital to the
investment fluctuation reserve, which is reckoned under tier 2 capital.

In December 2018,
the Reserve Bank of India proposed a minimum level of loan component on fund-based working capital limits for large borrowers with
the remaining to be drawn in the form of cash credit, and a mandatory credit conversion factor of 20.0% for the undrawn portion
of cash credit/overdraft limits. Such regulatory changes and evolving regulations may impact the amount of capital that we are
required to hold. Our ability to grow our business and execute our strategy is dependent on our level of capitalization and we
typically raise resources from the capital markets to meet our capital requirements. Further,
there
are uncertainties on the likely impact of the guideline on the working capital management of the corporate borrower, and there
could be temporary cash-flow mismatches for the borrowers, resulting in delayed repayments to banks including us.

In December 2013, the Reserve Bank of India
issued guidelines on stress testing according to which banks have to carry out stress tests for credit risk and market risk to
assess their ability to withstand shocks. Banks are classified into three categories based on size of risk-weighted assets and
banks with risk-weighted assets of more than Rs. 2,000.0 billion are required to carry out stress testing. The Reserve Bank of
India has also issued a leverage ratio framework which is effective from April 1, 2015 and is measured as the ratio of a bank’s
Tier 1 capital and total exposure.

Debt and equity investors, rating agencies,
equity and fixed income analysts, regulators and others would likely expect us to maintain capital adequacy ratios well above the
regulatory stipulations, reflecting our position as a large private sector bank.

Any reduction in our regulatory capital
ratios, increase in capital requirements applicable to us on account of regulatory changes or otherwise, or inability to access
capital markets may limit our ability to grow our business or adversely impact our profitability and our future performance and
strategy.

We are subject to liquidity requirements of
the Reserve Bank of India, and any inability to maintain adequate liquidity due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to
capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.

In June 2014, the Reserve Bank of India
released guidelines on liquidity coverage ratio requirements under the Basel III liquidity framework. These guidelines require
banks to maintain and report the Basel III liquidity coverage ratio, which is a ratio of the stock of high quality liquid assets
and total net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar days. The Reserve Bank of India has also defined categories of assets qualifying
as high quality liquid assets and mandated a minimum liquidity coverage ratio of 60.0% from January 1, 2015, which has been increased
in a phased manner to a minimum of 100.0% from January 1, 2019. Further, the Reserve Bank of India has issued final guidelines
on the net stable funding ratio for banks and would require banks to maintain sufficient funds that are considered as reliable
to cover the liquidity requirements and asset maturities coming up over the next one year on an ongoing basis. The guidelines on
net stable funding ratio are applicable from April 1, 2020. These requirements together with the existing liquidity and cash reserve
requirements may result in Indian banks, including us, holding higher amounts of liquidity, thereby impacting profitability. Any
sudden increase in the demand for liquidity by banks to meet these regulatory liquidity requirements could have an adverse impact
on the financial markets, and result in a sharp increase in short-term borrowing costs and a sudden increase in the cost of funding
for banks, including us.

Any reduction in our liquidity coverage
or net stable funding ratios, increase in liquidity requirements applicable to us on account of regulatory changes or otherwise,
changes in the composition of liquidity and any inability to access capital markets may limit our ability to grow our business
or adversely impact our profitability and our future performance and strategy.

In addition, as we and other banks manage
these various liquidity requirements, there could be a sudden increase in demand for liquidity in the banking system which could
have an adverse impact in the financial markets, and result in an increase in our short term borrowing costs and a sudden increase
in the bank’s cost of funds. Further, any tightening of liquidity and volatility in international markets may limit our access
to international bond markets and result in an increase in our cost of funding for our international business. Continued volatility
in international markets could constrain and increase the cost of our international market borrowings and our ability to replace
maturing borrowings and fund new assets. Our overseas banking subsidiaries are also exposed to similar risks.

17

The opportunities for growth in our international
operations and our ability to repatriate capital from these operations may be limited by the local regulatory environments.

Our banking subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Canada have
in the past focused primarily on leveraging their deposit franchises in these markets to extend financing to Indian companies for
their operations in India and globally, including the financing of overseas acquisitions by Indian companies through structured
transactions. In view of regulatory limitations on cross-border financing of this nature, these subsidiaries have experienced a
reduction in their business, impacting their profitability and resulting in a sharp reduction in the return on the capital invested
in these businesses. While both these subsidiaries are focused on growing their business within the current regulatory framework,
the opportunities to do so may be limited. Further, while both these subsidiaries are focused on optimizing their capital base
and have repatriated capital and made dividend payments to ICICI Bank in the past, such initiatives are subject to regulatory approvals.
There can be no assurance regarding the timing or grant of such approvals in the future. We are repositioning our international
business strategy to sharpen our focus on the non-resident Indian community and on India-linked trade. There can be no assurance
of our successful execution of this strategy. Our overseas branches are also subject to respective local regulatory requirements,
including any requirements related to liquidity, capital and asset classification and provisioning.

Our asset management, private equity, insurance
and securities subsidiaries have retail and corporate customers and are subject to extensive regulation and supervision which can
lead to increased costs or additional restrictions on their activities that adversely impact the Bank.

Our asset management subsidiary, ICICI
Prudential Asset Management Company, is subject to supervision and regulation by the Securities and Exchange Board of India. For
instance, in fiscal 2019, our asset management subsidiary, based on communication from the regulator, paid compensation with interest
to certain schemes of ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund in connection with shares allotted to these schemes in the initial public offering
of ICICI Securities Limited in March 2018, and also compensated the investors in these schemes who had redeemed their units since
the March 2018 allotment. In the same matter, an adjudication proceeding was initiated by the Securities and Exchange Board of
India, which was disposed of pursuant to an application for settlement of proceedings and payment of settlement charges by our
asset management subsidiary. Further, certain investors of a real estate investment fund, registered in Mauritius, which is an
investor in a real estate fund in India managed by ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited, our private equity subsidiary,
have initiated legal proceedings in Mauritius alleging mis-selling and mismanagement. In the same matter, ICICI Venture Funds Management
Company has received a notice from the Securities and Exchange Board of India, and is pursuing closure of the matter
. See also
“Business – Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”.

Our insurance subsidiaries are also subject
to extensive regulation and supervision by India’s insurance regulators. The subsidiaries also have a large number of retail
and corporate clients, from whom claims may arise which could be determined in courts or also by regulators and result in determination
against our insurance subsidiaries or us or our or our insurance subsidiaries’ management and employees. The Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority of India has the authority to modify and interpret regulations regarding the insurance industry, including
regulations governing products, selling commissions, solvency margins and reserving, which can lead to additional costs or restrictions
on our insurance subsidiaries’ activities.

Further, our insurance and securities broking
subsidiaries are now publicly listed companies on the Indian stock exchanges, which has resulted in enhanced compliance requirements
and regulatory oversight. There can be no assurance that increased regulatory scrutiny of our insurance and securities subsidiaries
and stringent requirements, including additional disclosures, will not have a material adverse impact on the Bank. There could
be instances where the regulator may find that we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations pertaining to listed
companies or their relationship with the parent or other group companies, or with the regulators’ interpretations of laws
and regulations, and may take formal or informal actions against us and our subsidiaries.

The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment
in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action, whether formal or informal. Following the financial crisis, regulators
are increasingly viewing us, as well as other financial institutions, as presenting a higher risk profile than in the past.

We are subject to a wide variety of banking,
insurance and financial services laws, regulations and regulatory policies and a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Since the global financial crisis, regulators in India and in the other jurisdictions
in which we operate have intensified their review, supervision and scrutiny of many financial institutions, including us. Since
the financial crisis, regulators are increasingly viewing us, as well as other financial institutions, as presenting a higher risk
profile than in the past, in a range of areas. This increased review and scrutiny or any changes in the existing regulatory supervision
framework, increases the possibility that we will face adverse legal or regulatory actions. In the face of difficulties in the
Indian

18

banking sector, the Reserve Bank of India has
been increasing the intensity of its scrutiny of Indian banks and has been imposing fines and penalties on Indian banks that are
larger than the historic norms. The Reserve Bank of India and other regulators regularly review our operations, and there can
be no guarantee that all regulators will agree with our internal assessments of asset quality, provisions, risk management, capital
adequacy and management functioning, other measures of the safety and soundness of our operations or compliance with applicable
laws, regulations, accounting and taxation norms, listing norms or regulatory policies. See also “—
Risks that arise
as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—If regulatory and legal changes continue to impose increasingly
stringent requirements regarding non-performing loans and provisioning for such loans, our business will suffer
”. Regulators,
including among others the Reserve Bank of India and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), may find that we are not
in compliance with applicable laws, regulations, accounting and taxation norms, listing norms or regulatory policies, or with
the regulators’ revised interpretations of such laws, regulations or regulatory policies, and may take formal or informal
actions against us. Such formal or informal actions might force us to make additional provisions for our non-performing assets
or otherwise, divest our assets, adopt new compliance programs or policies, remove personnel including senior executives, reduce
dividend or executive compensation, provide remediation or refunds to customers or undertake other changes to our business operations.
Any of these changes, if required, could reduce our profitability by restricting our operations, imposing new costs or harming
our reputation. Recently, pursuant to judicial orders, the Reserve Bank of India has provided copies of its supervisory inspection
reports for certain banks, including us, for earlier years to an external party. The consequences of these reports being available
in the public domain are uncertain. See also “—
Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated
sector—The regulatory environment for financial institutions is facing unprecedented change in the post-financial crisis
environment
”
and
“
Supervision and Regulation
”.

If we fail to manage our legal and regulatory
risk in the many jurisdictions in which we operate, our business could suffer, our reputation could be harmed and we would be subject
to additional legal and regulatory risks. This could, in turn, increase the size and number of claims and damages asserted against
us and/or subject us to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions or other proceedings, or lead to increased supervisory concerns.
We may also be required to spend additional time and resources on remedial measures and conducting enquiries, beyond those already
initiated and ongoing, which could have an adverse effect on our business.

Despite our best efforts to comply with all applicable regulations,
there are a number of risks that cannot be completely controlled. Our international expansion has led to increased legal and regulatory
risks. Regulators in every jurisdiction in which we operate or have listed our securities have the power to restrict our operations,
stipulate higher capital and liquidity requirements or bring administrative or judicial proceedings against us (or our employees,
representatives, agents and third-party service providers), which could result, among other things, in suspension or revocation
of one or more of our licenses, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action
which could materially harm our reputation, results of operations and financial condition.

The regulatory environment for financial institutions
is facing unprecedented change in the post-financial crisis environment.

The global financial crisis has led to
significant and unprecedented changes in the laws, regulations and regulatory policies of India and the other jurisdictions in
which we operate. Changes in laws, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in the interpretation or application of
such laws, regulations and regulatory policies, may adversely affect the products and services we offer, the value of our assets
or the collateral available for our loans or our business in general. Recent regulatory changes as well as changes currently under
discussion, such as changes with respect to Basel III risk-based and leverage capital requirements, Basel III liquidity requirements;
restrictions on cross-border capital flows; enhanced emphasis on local lending obligations in overseas jurisdictions; changes in
directed lending regulations in India; using national benchmark indices for pricing bank products; fixing the proportion of loans
in working capital limits approved to corporates, changes with regard to concentration of large exposures in banks and collateral
management; changes in the resolution of stressed assets; continuous licensing of universal banks; and discussions on management
compensation, board governance, consumer protection and risk management, among other areas, are expected to have an impact on our
business and our future strategy. These changes could require us to reduce or increase our business in specific segments, increase
competition, impact our overall growth and impact our return on capital.

Changes in laws, regulations and regulatory policies, or the
interpretation or application thereof, have and we expect will continue to lead to enhanced regulatory oversight and scrutiny and
increased compliance costs. In the aftermath of the financial crisis, regulators are increasingly viewing us, as well as other
financial institutions, as presenting a higher risk profile than in the past. This increased scrutiny increases the possibility
that we will face adverse legal or regulatory actions. The Reserve Bank of India and other regulators regularly review our operations,
and there can be no guarantee that any regulator will agree with our internal assessments of asset quality, provisions, risk management,
capital adequacy, management functioning or other measures of the safety and soundness of our operations. See also “
—Risks that arise
as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—If
regulatory and legal changes continue to impose increasingly stringent requirements regarding non-performing

19

loans and provisioning for such loans, our business will
suffer
”. In addition, regulators may find that we are not in compliance with applicable laws, regulations or regulatory
policies, or with the regulators’ revised interpretations of such laws, regulations or regulatory policies, and may take
formal or informal actions against us. Our ability to predict future legal or regulatory changes is limited and we may face enhanced
legal or regulatory burdens without advance notice. For instance, the Reserve Bank of India, in its guidelines for private sector
banking licenses issued in February 2013, has mandated that banks established pursuant to the issuance of such licenses be set
up under a financial holding company structure. In the future, such requirements may be extended to existing banks in India, including
us. Also, the Reserve Bank of India has released a discussion paper on a new banking structure in India. See also “
Overview
of the Indian Financial Sector—Structural Reforms
”. Any such regulatory or structural changes may result in increased
expenses, operational restrictions, increased competition or revisions to our business operations, which may reduce our profitability
or force us to forego potentially profitable business opportunities. In April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India revised its Prompt
Corrective Action framework for banks and included indicators to be tracked, like capital adequacy, asset quality, profitability
and leverage, with specified risk thresholds that would result in invocation of prompt corrective action. The revised framework
stipulates actions like restriction on dividend distribution/remittance of profits, restriction on branch expansion; domestic and/or
overseas, higher provisions as part of the coverage regime, and restriction on management compensation and directors’ fees.
At year-end fiscal 2019, the Bank’s financial indicators did not breach the risk thresholds prescribed by the Reserve Bank
of India. There can be no assurance that we will always remain within the thresholds prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India in
the future. See also “
—Risks that arise
as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector
—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the
risk of regulatory action, whether formal or informal
.
Following the financial crisis, regulators are increasingly viewing
us, as well as other financial institutions, as presenting a higher risk profile than in the past
”.

Risks Relating to Our Business

Our level of non-performing assets is elevated,
and if the level of our non-performing assets increases further and the overall quality of our loan portfolio continues to deteriorate,
our business will suffer.

As a result of widespread economic challenges
faced by the Indian economy in general and the corporate sector in particular, as well as changes to Reserve Bank of India policies
and guidelines related to non-performing and restructured loans and other changes to the law affecting non-performing and restructured
loans, the non-performing loans and provisions of a number of Indian banks, including us, increased significantly in fiscal 2016,
fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2019, the level of non-performing assets declined for the banking system, including us,
following a reduction in additions to non-performing loans during the year. During fiscal 2019, challenges emerged for non-banking
financial companies and housing finance companies following a default by a large non-banking financial company involved primarily
in the infrastructure sector. This resulted in tightening liquidity conditions and increase in yields on the debt of non-banking
financial companies and housing finance companies, leading to funding and growth challenges for these companies. This has resulted
in a slowdown in lending by these companies which could lead to financing and refinancing challenges for their customers, who may
also be customers of banks, including us. The overall impact of these developments on credit markets is uncertain and there could
be an adverse impact on the loan portfolios of banks, including ours, if customers of the affected non-bank financial companies
and housing finance companies are no longer able to access financing or refinancing from these entities or replace such financing
or refinancing from other sources, thereby impacting their ability to conduct operations or meet their financial obligations. In
recent years, banks, including us, have focused on growing their retail (including lending to self-employed borrowers) and small
business lending portfolio. While we expect the retail and small business segment to remain a key drivers of growth, a slowdown
in economic growth, investment, consumption or employment or any increase in unemployment could have an adverse impact on the quality
of our retail loan portfolio. Our portfolio includes purchases of retail asset pools of home finance companies and non-banking
finance companies, that may expose us to additional risks, including the failure of the underlying borrowers to perform as anticipated,
risks arising out of weakness in the financial position or operations of the originators, who are generally responsible for collections
and servicing, and additional mark-to-market provisions where the purchases are structured as securitized instruments classified
as investments. In addition, challenges have emerged in recent years in certain sectors and borrower groups, such as real estate
developers, and for borrower groups that had borrowed against their shareholding in listed group companies and faced refinancing
challenges. The inability of real estate developers to complete and deliver residential properties for which we have provided loans
to customers, may impact the repayment behavior of the customers and result in higher delinquencies and non-performing loans. See
also
“—Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—A prolonged slowdown in economic growth
or rise in interest rates in India could cause our business to suffer”
and
“—Risks Relating to India and
Other Economic and Market Risks—A significant change in the Indian government’s policies could adversely affect our
business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs”
.

The corporate credit market in India is
still evolving. The Reserve Bank of India has in recent years announced several measures to improve transparency and accountability.
The Reserve Bank of India is addressing credit and concentration risks through measures like limiting the banking system’s
exposure to large borrowers, enabling a

20

comprehensive assessment of borrowing levels
and payment performance by requiring all exposures to borrowers above a specified threshold to be reported by banks into a common
database, and providing guidelines for identifying stress in borrower accounts at an early stage and implementing a resolution
plan for overdue accounts within specified timelines, or initiating insolvency proceedings in respect of such borrowers. Additional
provisions are required in the absence of a resolution plan or initiation of insolvency proceedings. Further, large corporations
with exposure above certain thresholds to the banking system are required to raise a certain proportion of incremental borrowings
from the capital market. These steps are changing the dynamics of banking in the country and are aimed at strengthening the credit
markets in the long run by improving transparency and making the credit markets more efficient. However, in the interim, as corporates
and banks are adjusting to the new borrowing and lending environment, challenges could emerge and lead to potential financing difficulties
for overdue borrowers and accelerated provisioning for lenders.

Any adverse economic, regulatory and legal
developments could cause the level of our non-performing assets to increase further and adversely impact the quality of our loan
portfolio. If the level of our non-performing assets increases further and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates,
our provisioning costs could increase, our net interest income and net interest margin could be negatively impacted due to non-accrual
of income on non-performing loans, our credit ratings and liquidity may be adversely impacted, we may become subject to enhanced
regulatory oversight and scrutiny, and our reputation, our business, our future financial performance and the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs could be adversely impacted. While we expect our levels of non-performing loans and provisions to decrease going
forward, any adverse economic, regulatory and legal developments could cause further increases in the level of our non-performing
assets or restrict the anticipated reduction in the level of non-performing loans and provisions and have a material adverse impact
on the quality of our loan portfolio.

See also “
—Risks that
arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—If regulatory and legal changes continue to impose
increasingly stringent requirements regarding non-performing loans and provisioning for such loans, our business will
suffer
”
, “—Our loan portfolio includes long-term project finance loans, which are particularly
vulnerable to completion and other risks” and “—We have a high concentration of loans to certain customers,
borrower groups and sectors and if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of our
loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected”.

Our loan portfolio includes long-term project
finance loans, which are particularly vulnerable to completion and other risks.

The quality of our project finance portfolio
could be adversely impacted by several factors. The viability of these projects depends upon a number of factors, including market
demand, government policies, the processes for awarding government licenses and access to natural resources and their subsequent
judicial or other review, the financial condition of the government or other entities that are the primary customers for the output
of such projects and the overall economic environment in India and the international markets. These projects are particularly vulnerable
to a variety of risks, including risks of delays in regulatory approvals, environmental and social issues, completion risk and
counterparty risk, which could adversely impact their ability to generate revenues. In the past, we have experienced a high level
of default and restructuring in our industrial and manufacturing project finance loan portfolio as a result of the downturn in
certain global commodity markets and increased competition in India. Our loans to the power sector were 5.6% of our total loans
at March 31, 2016, 5.8% at March 31, 2017, 4.8% at March 31, 2018 and 3.1% at March 31, 2019. Power projects face a variety of
risks, including access to fuel such as coal and gas, volatility in pricing of power and off-take of the power produced. Coal based
power projects in India have experienced delays primarily due to environmental concerns around coal mining and the de-allocation
of coal blocks allocated to companies. In addition, power projects inherently have high leverage levels and volatility in capital
markets and concerns about the implementation of these projects and their future cash flows may constrain the availability of equity
funding for such projects. Any reduction in the output of operational power plants or the projected output of newly commissioned
or under-implementation power projects due to lower availability of fuel, higher fuel costs that cannot be passed through to purchasers
and inability of state-owned power distribution utilities to purchase or pay for power due to their financial condition, or a decline
in the price of power, may have an adverse impact on the financial condition of power producers and their ability to service their
debt obligations, including to us. We cannot be sure that these projects will begin operations as scheduled or perform as anticipated.
A change in the ownership and management of these projects could further delay the commencement of operations. We may see an increase
in our non-performing assets or restructured assets in case of delays from the scheduled commercial date of operations of such
projects, which are longer than that permitted by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Our loan portfolio also includes project
finance, corporate finance, and working capital loans to commodity-based sectors such as iron and steel and mining, which are subject
to similar and additional risks, as well as global commodity price cycles. For instance, during fiscal 2016, due to a slowdown
in global demand for steel, there was a sharp decline in global steel prices, which in turn impacted Indian steel companies. Capacity
utilization of steel companies declined

21

and profitability came under pressure.
The Government of India announced certain policy measures, including a minimum price for procuring steel from overseas markets,
which have benefited the Indian steel sector. However, we cannot be certain that such or any other measures will continue to be
introduced by the government in the future. A slowdown in the Indian and global economy may exacerbate the risks for the projects
that we have financed. Future project finance losses or high levels of loan restructuring could have a materially adverse effect
on our profitability and the quality of our loan portfolio and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

We have a high concentration of loans to certain
customers, borrower groups and sectors and if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of
our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Our loan portfolio and non-performing asset
portfolio have a high concentration in certain types of customers. ICICI Bank’s policy is to limit its exposure to any particular
industry, other than retail loans, to 15.0% of its total exposure. Our loans and advances to the retail finance segment constituted
57.8% of our gross loans and advances at March 31, 2019. Our loans and advances to the services-finance sector were 7.0%, to the
infrastructure sector (excluding power) were 4.4%, to the power sector were 3.1%, to the non-finance services sector were 2.8%,
and to the iron and steel sector were 2.6% of our gross loans and advances at March 31, 2019.

There are uncertainties in respect of certain
sectors due to global and domestic economic conditions and high corporate leverage. The Bank’s fund-based and non-fund based
outstanding (excluding banks and fund-based outstanding to non-performing assets) to companies in the corporate and SME sectors
internally rated below investment grade were Rs. 175.3 billion at March 31, 2019. Our consolidated net loans to accounts internally
rated below investment grade (including net non-performing and restructured loans) were Rs. 283.0 billion at March 31, 2019.

Pursuant to the guidelines of the Reserve
Bank of India, the Bank’s credit exposure to an individual borrower must not exceed 15.0% of its capital funds, unless the
exposure is with regards to an infrastructure project. Capital funds refer to Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital after regulatory adjustments
as per the Reserve Bank of India guideline ‘Master Circular - Basel III Capital Regulations’. ICICI Bank’s exposure
to a group of companies under the same management control generally must not exceed 40.0% of its capital funds unless the exposure
is towards an infrastructure project, as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Banks may, in exceptional circumstances, with
the approval of their boards, enhance the exposure by 5.0% of capital funds (i.e., aggregate exposure can be 20.0% of capital funds
for an individual borrower and aggregate exposure can be 45.0% of capital funds for a group of companies under the same management).
At March 31, 2019, our largest non-bank borrower accounted for approximately 9.6% of our capital funds. The largest group of companies
under the same management control accounted for approximately 23.2% of our capital funds. At March 31, 2019, the Bank’s exposure
to its 20 largest borrowers (including banks) was approximately 11.9% of our total exposure, and our credit exposure to our 20
largest borrowers (including banks) was approximately 12.1% of the Bank’s total credit exposure.

In December 2016, the Reserve Bank of India
released a framework for large exposures with limits on exposure of banks to single counterparty and a group of connected counterparties.
As per this framework, the sum of all the exposure values of a bank to a single counterparty must not be higher than 20% of the
bank’s available eligible capital base at all times and the sum of all the exposure values of a bank to a group of connected
counterparties must not be higher than 25% of the bank’s available eligible capital base at all times. This framework has
been fully implemented since April 1, 2019.

In August 2016, the Reserve Bank of India
issued guidelines proposing that large borrowers should reduce reliance on banks for their additional funding and access market
borrowings and other funding sources. The exposure of the banking system to large borrowers would attract higher risk weights and
provisioning. Borrowers to be considered for this purpose would be those having an aggregate fund-based credit limit of Rs. 250.0
billion at any time during fiscal 2018 and gradually reduced to Rs. 150.0 billion in fiscal 2019 and to Rs. 100.0 billion from
fiscal 2020 onwards. Loans from banks in excess of 50.0% of the incremental funds raised by these borrowers attracts higher risk
weights and provisioning since April 1, 2018.
Further, in November 2018, the Securities and Exchange
Board of India released a framework that requires a company rated AA and above and with an outstanding long term borrowing of Rs.
1.00 billion and above at March 31 in any given year, to necessarily raise 25% of its incremental borrowings for the following
year through the bond market. This is effective from April 1, 2019.

These guidelines, and our focus on controlling
and reducing concentration risk, may restrict our ability to grow our business with some customers, thereby impacting our earnings.
The Bank has significantly strengthened its enterprise risk management and risk appetite framework since fiscal 2016 for managing
concentration risk, including limits/thresholds with respect to single borrower and group exposure. There can be no assurance that
our strategy of reducing concentration risk will be successful and that we will be able to successfully grow our operating profits
while controlling non-performing loans and provisions through this approach.

22

Our exposure to the securities of asset reconstruction
companies could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We also have investments in security receipts
arising from the sale of non-performing assets by us to reconstruction companies registered with the Reserve Bank of India. At
March 31, 2019, the Bank had an outstanding net investment of Rs. 32.9 billion in security receipts issued by asset reconstruction
companies. See also “
Business—Classification of Loans
”. In September 2016, the Reserve Bank of India issued
a framework for sale of stressed assets. As per this framework, with effect from April 1, 2017, provisions held for investment
in security receipts is subject to a floor rate applicable to the underlying loans (the provisions the bank would have had to make
if the loans had continued to be held in its books), if more than 50% of the security receipts are held by the bank that sold the
loans. The threshold of 50% was reduced to 10% from April 1, 2018 as per the framework. Further, the framework requires banks to
maintain an internal list of stressed assets identified for sale and review assets classified as ‘doubtful’ above a
threshold amount on a periodic basis with a view to consider a sale or other disposition. There can be no assurance that reconstruction
companies will be able to recover these assets and redeem our investments in security receipts and that there will be no reduction
in the value of these investments. Any such inability to recover assets or redeem our investments without a diminution in value
could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The value of our collateral may decrease or
we may experience delays in enforcing our collateral when borrowers default on their obligations to us which may result in failure
to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential loss.

A substantial portion of our loans to corporate
and retail customers is secured by collateral. See also “
Business—Loan Portfolio—Collateral—Completion,
Perfection and Enforcement
”. Changes in asset prices may cause the value of our collateral to decline, and we may not
be able to realize the full value of our collateral as a result of delays in bankruptcy and foreclosure proceedings, delays in
the creation of security interests, defects or deficiencies in the perfection of collateral (including due to inability to obtain
approvals that may be required from various persons, agencies or authorities), fraudulent transfers by borrowers and other factors,
including depreciation in the value of the collateral and illiquid market for disposal of and volatility in the market prices for
the collateral, current legislative provisions or changes thereto and past or future judicial pronouncements.

In India, foreclosure on collateral consisting
of property can be undertaken directly by lenders by fulfilling certain procedures and requirements (unless challenged in courts
of law) or otherwise by a written petition to an Indian court or tribunal. An application, when made (or a legal challenge to the
foreclosure undertaken directly), may be subject to delays or administrative requirements that may result in, or be accompanied
by, a decrease in the value of collateral. These delays can last for several years and might lead to deterioration in the physical
condition or market value of the collateral. In the event a corporate borrower is in financial difficulty and unable to sustain
itself, it may opt for the process of voluntary winding up. If a company becomes a “sick unit” (as defined under Indian
law, which provides for a unit to be so categorized based on the extent of its accumulated losses relative to its stockholders’
equity), foreclosure and enforceability of collateral is stayed. In some cases, we may repossess collateral in lieu of principal
and interest dues but may experience delays in liquidating the collateral.

The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code enacted
in 2016 provides for a time-bound mechanism to resolve stressed assets. Further, the new prudential framework for resolution of
stressed assets, initially introduced in February 2018 and subsequently amended in June 2019 by the Reserve Bank of India, requires
banks to implement a plan to resolve any overdue account within timelines as approved by the board and may include legal proceedings
for insolvency or recovery. The process of resolution of accounts referred under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code is still evolving,
with periodic amendments being incorporated in the framework through both legislation and judicial decisions. A few large accounts
were resolved under the Code during fiscal 2019. However, uncertainties continue and there are delays in the resolution of accounts
referred under the Code. Should the resolution of accounts not be achieved and the borrowers go into liquidation, the market value
of the collateral may come down thus impacting the recovery of dues by lenders. There can be no assurance of the level of recovery
even in cases where a resolution is achieved. In a recent judgment, the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal has treated secured
and unsecured financial creditors to a borrower referred under the Code similarly with respect to the level of recovery, and has
also held that there should be equal distribution of resolution proceeds between operational and financial creditors under a resolution
plan. The government has, subsequently, proposed to amend the Code and among other measures also empower the Committee of Creditors,
which comprises of all financial creditors, to decide on the manner of distribution of resolution proceeds.

In addition, for collateral we hold in
jurisdictions outside India, the applicable laws and regulations in such jurisdictions may impact our ability to foreclose on collateral
and realize its value. Failure to recover the expected value of collateral could expose us to potential losses, which could adversely
affect our future financial performance, our stockholders’ equity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

23

Our banking and trading activities are particularly
vulnerable to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of
our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance.

Interest rates in India are impacted by
a range of factors including inflation, fiscal deficit and government borrowing, monetary policy and market liquidity. For instance,
in July 2013, with a view to manage the volatility in the exchange rate, the Reserve Bank of India introduced measures to reduce
liquidity in the Indian banking system and increase the cost of borrowing from the Reserve Bank of India.

As a result of certain reserve requirements
of the Reserve Bank of India, we are more structurally exposed to interest rate risk than banks in many other countries. See also
“
Supervision and Regulation—Legal Reserve Requirements
”. These requirements result in our maintaining
a large portfolio of fixed income Government of India securities, and we could be materially adversely impacted by a rise in interest
rates, especially if the rise were sudden or sharp. Realized and marked-to-market gains or losses on investments in fixed income
securities, including Government of India securities, are an important element of our profitability and are impacted by movements
in market yields. A rise in yields on government securities reduces our profits from this activity and the value of our fixed income
portfolio. In fiscal 2019, yields on government securities increased sharply due to tight liquidity conditions between September
and December 2018. This resulted in significant losses in the treasury book for most Indian banks, including for us, during the
quarter ended December 31, 2018. In April 2018, the Reserve Bank of India advised banks to create an Investment Fluctuation Reserve,
equivalent to at least 2.0% of the held-for-trading and available-for-sale portfolio, on a continuing basis, from fiscal 2019.
The requirement to maintain a large portfolio of government securities also has a negative impact on our net interest income and
net interest margin because we earn interest on a portion of our assets at rates that are generally less favorable than those typically
received on our other interest-earning assets. As required by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, we transferred Rs. 12.69 billion
from tier 1 capital to the investment fluctuation reserve in fiscal 2019, which is reckoned under tier 2 capital.

We are also exposed to interest rate risk
through our treasury operations as well as the operations of certain of our subsidiaries, including ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company, which has a portfolio of fixed income securities, and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership, which is a primary dealer in
Government of India securities. In our asset management business, we manage money market mutual funds whose performance is impacted
by a rise in interest rates, which adversely impacts our revenues and profits from this business. See also “
—Risks
Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—A prolonged slowdown in economic growth or rise in interest rates in
India could cause our business to suffer
”
and
“
—Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and
Market Risks—Current account deficits, including trade deficits, and capital flow and exchange rate volatility could adversely
affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”.

If the yield on our interest-earning assets
does not increase at the same time or to the same extent as our cost of funds, or if our cost of funds does not decline at the
same time or to the same extent as the decrease in yield on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income and net interest
margin would be adversely impacted. Any systemic decline in low cost funding available to banks in the form of current and savings
account deposits would adversely impact our net interest margin. A slower growth in low cost deposits compared to total deposits
would result in an increase in the cost of funds and could adversely impact our net interest margin if we are not able to pass
on the increase to borrowers. The Reserve Bank of India has deregulated the interest rate on savings deposits, following which
some banks in India are offering higher interest rates on their savings deposit accounts. If other banks with whom we compete similarly
raise their savings account deposit rates, we may also have to do so to remain competitive and this would adversely impact our
cost of funds. During fiscal 2019, the growth in deposits in the banking system was slower compared to the growth in credit, leading
to tight liquidity conditions and an increase in the credit-deposit ratio, particularly during the latter part of the year. This
resulted in an increase in the cost of funds for banks, but was offset by an increase in lending rates. At the same time, some
banks continue to offer higher interest rates on savings bank accounts or higher interest rates on accounts with higher balances.
Such revisions in deposit interest rates, or introduction of higher interest rates, by banks with whom we compete may also lead
to revisions in our deposit rates to remain competitive and this could adversely impact our cost of funds.

In December 2015, the Reserve Bank of India
released guidelines on computation of lending rates based on the marginal cost of funds methodology which is applicable on incremental
lending from April 1, 2016. This change in the methodology for calculating cost of funds led to lower lending rates, and led to
more frequent revisions in lending rates due to the prescribed monthly review of cost of funds. In October 2017, the Reserve Bank
of India released the report of an internal study group which has proposed a revision to the methodology for pricing of bank loans
and has recommended referencing lending rates to an external benchmark and increasing the periodicity of reset of interest rates
to once a quarter. In February 2018, the Reserve Bank of India proposed to harmonize the methodology of determining benchmark rates
by linking the base rate to the marginal cost based lending rate. Further, in December 2018, the Reserve Bank of India announced
the linking of new floating rate retail loans and floating rate loans to micro and small

24

enterprises to an external benchmark. While
this was expected to be applicable from April 1, 2019, further discussions are being held with stakeholders and final guidelines
in this regard are awaited. See also “
Business—Loan Portfolio—Loan Pricing
”
and
“
Supervision
and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Advancing Loans
”. A large public sector bank has linked the interest rates
on its home loans and savings account deposits to the repo rate. The impact of this change on the overall market for loans and
deposits is uncertain. Since our funding is primarily fixed rate, volatility in benchmarks underlying loan pricing may cause volatility
in or compress our net interest margin. If there are increases in our cost of funds and if we are unable to pass on the increases
fully into our lending rates, our net interest margins and profitability would be adversely impacted. Such revisions in benchmark
lending rates may impact the yield on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income and net interest margin.

High and increasing interest rates or greater
interest rate volatility would adversely affect our ability to grow, our net interest margins, our net interest income, our income
from treasury operations and the value of our fixed income securities portfolio.

Our inability to effectively manage credit,
market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings,
capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds.

Our risk management strategies may not
be effective because in a difficult or less liquid market environment other market participants may be attempting to use the same
or similar strategies to deal with difficult market conditions. In such circumstances, it may be difficult for us to reduce our
risk positions due to the activity of such other market participants. Our derivatives businesses may expose us to unexpected market,
credit and operational risks that could cause us to suffer unexpected losses or enhanced regulatory scrutiny. Severe declines in
asset values, unanticipated credit events, or unforeseen circumstances that may cause previously uncorrelated factors to become
correlated may create losses resulting from risks not appropriately taken into account in the development, structuring or pricing
of a derivative instrument. In addition, some derivative transactions are not cleared and settled through a central clearing house
or exchange, and they may not always be confirmed or settled by counterparties on a timely basis. In these situations, we are subject
to heightened credit and operational risk, and in the event of a default, we may find the contract more difficult to enforce. Further,
as new and more complex derivative products are created, disputes regarding the terms or the settlement procedures of the contracts
could arise, which could force us to incur unexpected costs, including transaction and legal costs, and impair our ability to manage
effectively our risk exposure to these products. Many of our hedging strategies and other risk management techniques have a basis
in historic market behavior, and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management’s subjective judgment.
To the extent any of the instruments and strategies we use to hedge or otherwise manage our exposure to market or credit risk are
not effective, we may not be able to mitigate effectively our risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular
types of risk. Our balance sheet growth is dependent upon economic conditions, as well as upon our ability to securitize, sell,
purchase or syndicate particular loans or loan portfolios. Our trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon our ability
to properly identify, and mark-to-market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or rates.
Our earnings are dependent upon the effectiveness of our management of migrations in credit quality and risk concentrations, the
accuracy of our valuation models and our critical accounting estimates and the adequacy of our allowances for loan losses.

To the extent our assessments, assumptions
or estimates prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, we could suffer higher than anticipated losses and enhanced
regulatory scrutiny. The successful management of credit, market and operational risk is an important consideration in managing
our liquidity risk because it affects the evaluation of our credit ratings by domestic and international rating agencies. Rating
agencies may reduce or indicate their intention to reduce the ratings at any time. See also “
—Risks Relating to
India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Any downgrade of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could
adversely affect our business, our liquidity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”. The rating agencies can also
decide to withdraw their ratings altogether, which may have the same effect as a reduction in our ratings. Any reduction in our
ratings (or withdrawal of ratings) may increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to capital markets and adversely affect our
ability to sell or market our products, engage in business transactions particularly longer-term, and derivatives transactions,
or retain our customers. Conditions in the international and Indian debt markets may adversely impact our access to financing and
liquidity. This, in turn, could reduce our liquidity and negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. For more
information, relating to our ratings, see also “
Business—Risk Management—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk—Liquidity Risk
”.

We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations
in foreign exchange rates.

Several of our borrowers enter into derivative
contracts to manage their foreign exchange risk exposures. Volatility in exchange rates may result in increased mark-to-market
losses in derivative transactions for our clients. Upon the maturity or premature termination of the derivative contracts, these
mark-to-market losses become receivables owed to

25

us. Consequently, we become exposed to
various kinds of risks including but not limited to credit risk, market risk and exchange risk.

As discussed above, in the past, concerns
over India’s current account deficit and changes in capital flows due to changes in U.S. monetary policy have caused the
rupee to depreciate against the U.S. dollar. During the nine months ended December 31, 2018, India’s current account deficit
increased to 2.6% of gross domestic product primarily due to an increase in global crude oil prices. The rupee depreciated by 14.2%
against the U.S. dollar between April 1, 2018 to October 9, 2018. The exchange rate subsequently appreciated by 7.0% between October
9, 2018 and March 31, 2019.
See
 “
—Risks relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Current
account deficits, including trade deficits, and capital flow and exchange rate volatility could adversely affect our business and
the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”. Some of our borrowers with foreign exchange and derivative exposures may be
adversely impacted by the depreciation of the rupee. These include borrowers impacted by higher rupee denominated interest or principal
repayment on unhedged foreign currency borrowings; increases in the cost of raw material imports where there is limited ability
to pass through such escalations to customers; and the escalation of project costs due to higher imported equipment costs; and
borrowers that may have taken adverse positions in the foreign exchange markets. The failure of our borrowers to manage their exposures
to foreign exchange and derivative risk, particularly adverse movements and volatility in foreign exchange rates, may adversely
affect our borrowers and consequently the quality of our exposure to our borrowers and our business volumes and profitability.

In January 2014, the Reserve Bank of India
issued guidelines requiring higher capital and provisioning requirements for banks on their exposures to companies having unhedged
foreign currency exposure, based on an assessment of likely loss on such exposures compared to the earnings of the corporate. An
increase in non-performing or restructured assets on account of our borrowers’ inability to manage exchange rate risk and
any increased capital or provisioning requirement against such exposures may have an adverse impact on our profitability, our business
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. We have adopted certain risk management policies to mitigate such risk. However,
there is no assurance that such measures will be fully effective in mitigating such risks.

We plan to expand our branch network and any
inability to use these branches productively may have an adverse impact on our growth and profitability.

The branch network of ICICI Bank in India
increased significantly from 3,100 branches at year-end fiscal 2013 to 4,850 branches at year-end fiscal 2017 and then marginally
to 4,874 branches at March 31, 2019. We plan to expand our branch network to support growth in our business in fiscal 2020 and
in subsequent years. Our new branches typically operate at lower productivity levels, as compared to our existing branches. See
also “
—We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions, divest our existing businesses, or be required
to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and could face integration and other acquisitions risks
”. We also have
a substantial branch network in rural and semi-urban areas and have also established branches in villages that did not have any
banking services. Any inability to achieve or substantial delays in achieving desired levels of deposits, advances and revenues
from the new branches would have an adverse impact on our growth and profitability and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Our funding is primarily short-term and if
depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely affected.

Most of our incremental funding requirements
are met through short-term funding sources, primarily in the form of deposits including deposits from corporate customers and inter-bank
deposits. Our customer deposits generally have a maturity of less than one year. However, a large portion of our assets have medium-
or long-term maturities, creating the potential for funding mis-matches. For instance, our project finance loans typically have
longer-term maturities compared to our funding profile. We have significantly expanded our branch network in recent years. See
also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to the Opening of Branches
”. Our new branches typically
operate at lower efficiency levels, as compared to our existing branches, and although we intend to increase their efficiency over
time, any inability to use these branches productively, or substantial delays in achieving desired levels of productivity, may
have an impact on our ability to grow our deposit base to the desired extent.

Negative rumors have been previously circulated
about our financial position which resulted in concerns being expressed by depositors and higher than normal withdrawal levels
for a few days. Furthermore, a part of our loan and investment portfolio, consisting primarily of the loan and investment portfolios
of our international branches and subsidiaries is denominated in foreign currencies, including the U.S. dollar. Our international
branches are primarily funded by debt capital market issuances and syndicated/bilateral loans, while our international subsidiaries
generally raise deposits in their local markets. Volatility in the international debt markets may constrain our international capital
market borrowings. There can be no assurance that our international branches and subsidiaries will be able to obtain funding from
the international debt markets or other sources in a timely manner on terms acceptable to them or at all.

26

This may adversely impact our ability to
replace maturing borrowings and fund new assets. In addition, borrowers who have taken foreign currency loans from us may face
challenges in meeting their repayment obligations on account of market conditions and currency movements. See also “
—Risks
Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Financial instability in other countries, particularly emerging market
countries and countries where we have established operations, could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs
”, “
—Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Financial difficulty
and other problems in the Indian financial system could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”
and “
—Our international operations increase the complexity of the risks that we face
”.

The exposures of our international branches
and subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The loan portfolio of our international
branches and subsidiaries includes foreign currency loans to Indian companies for their Indian operations (where permitted by regulation)
as well as for their overseas ventures, including cross-border acquisitions. This exposes us to specific additional risks including
the failure of the acquired entities to perform as expected, and our inexperience in various aspects of the economic and legal
framework in overseas markets. We are, through our international branches and subsidiaries, also exposed to a variety of local
market credit risks, where our expertise and experience may be limited. Our banking subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Canada
are involved in corporate lending, insured and conventional uninsured mortgages in Canada and loans against property in the United
Kingdom. Our international branches also have credit exposures to international companies. We are also subject to the risks posed
by the indirect impact of adverse developments in the global banking environment, and any international bank failure, some of which
cannot be anticipated and the vast majority of which are not under our control. See also “
—Our international operations
increase the complexity of the risks that we face
”.

The classification of the loan portfolio
of our overseas branches and subsidiaries is also subject to the regulations of respective local regulators. Such loans that are
identified as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than record of recovery, but which are standard as per
the current Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are classified as non-performing to the extent of the amount of outstanding loan
in the host country. Overseas regulators may also require higher provisions against loans held in their jurisdictions. Further,
some of our branches and subsidiaries have commenced preparation of financial statements under International Financial Reporting
Standards, including International Financial Reporting Standard 9—Financial Instruments, or under Indian accounting standards
converging with this standard, from fiscal 2019, which has impacted asset classification and provisioning. Such classification
of loans as non-performing based on host country regulations may lead to an adverse impact on our business, our future financial
performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Our international operations increase the complexity
of the risks that we face.

Our international profile in multiple jurisdictions
exposes us to a variety of regulatory and business challenges and risks, including cross-cultural risk and has increased the complexity
of our risks in a number of areas including price risks, currency risks, interest rate risks, credit risk, compliance risk, regulatory
and reputational risk and operational risk. In the aftermath of the financial crisis and in light of enhanced regulations in many
countries, we expect to face additional scrutiny in all of these areas and in the management of our international operations. We
also face risks arising from our ability to manage inconsistent legal and regulatory requirements in the multiple jurisdictions
in which we operate. Our businesses are subject to changes in legal and regulatory requirements and it may not be possible to predict
the timing or nature of such changes. See also “
—The opportunities for growth in our international operations and
our ability to repatriate capital from these operations may be limited by the local regulatory environments
”. Business
opportunities in these jurisdictions will also determine the growth in our operations.

The loan portfolio of our international
branches and subsidiaries exposes us to specific additional risks including the failure of the acquired entities to perform as
expected, and our inexperience in various aspects of the economic and legal framework in overseas markets. See also “
—The
exposures of our international branches and subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations
”. Regulatory changes globally and in specific markets, including increased regulatory oversight following
the global financial crisis, may impact our ability to execute our strategy and deliver returns on capital invested in our international
subsidiaries.

There could be risks arising from political
changes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, such as the election by a majority of voters in the United Kingdom to withdraw
from the European Union in a national referendum in June 2016. While uncertainties continue on the relationship between the United
Kingdom and the European Union and the final negotiations on Brexit are yet to be concluded, our subsidiary in the United Kingdom
has obtained a third-country license for its branch in Germany, which would be effective post-Brexit. During fiscal 2019, our subsidiary
in the United Kingdom closed its branch in Belgium. Further, recent global developments including a trade war by the United States
with key large economies are expected to impact economic growth in Canada and the United Kingdom, which in

27

turn could impact the business of our banking
subsidiaries in these countries. See also “—
Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated
sector—The regulatory environment for financial institutions is facing unprecedented change in the post-financial crisis
environment
”. Our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries undertake select local banking businesses, including lending
to multinational and local corporations, small businesses, property backed lending and insured and other mortgages, and in the
event of these corporations being impacted by global and local economic conditions it could have an adverse impact on our business.
They have also made investments in bonds, certificates of deposit, mortgage backed securities, treasury bills and asset-backed
commercial paper. We are repositioning our international business strategy to sharpen our focus on the non-resident Indian community
and on India-linked trade. There can be no assurance of our successful execution of this strategy. The global financial and economic
crisis resulted in mark-to-market and realized losses on our overseas and other subsidiaries’ investment and derivative
portfolios, increased the regulatory scrutiny of our international operations, constrained our international debt capital market
borrowings and increased our cost of funding. If we are unable to manage these risks, our business would be adversely affected.

We may be subject to fines, restrictions or
other sanctions for past instances of regulatory failures, which may adversely affect our financial position or our ability to
expand our activities.

Failure to comply with applicable regulations
in various jurisdictions, including unauthorized actions by employees, representatives, agents and third parties, suspected or
perceived failures and media reports, and ensuing inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities, has resulted,
and may result in the future, in regulatory actions, including financial penalties and restrictions on or suspension of the related
business operations. Following the release on the internet in March 2013 of videos forming part of a sting operation on banks and
insurance companies in India that purported to show the Bank’s frontline branch employees engaging in conversations that
would violate our Group’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and could have, if any transactions had been consummated, led
to violations of anti-money laundering and ‘know-your-customer’ norms, the Reserve Bank of India undertook investigations
at ICICI Bank and over 30 other banks in India. While the Reserve Bank of India’s investigations did not reveal any prima
facie evidence of money laundering, the Reserve Bank of India imposed an aggregate penalty of Rs. 665 million on 31 Indian banks,
including Rs. 10 million on ICICI Bank, for instances of violation of applicable regulations, which we have paid. In February 2015,
a penalty was imposed on several banks including ICICI Bank by the Financial Intelligence Unit, India for a failure to report attempted
suspicious transactions, with respect to the incidents concerning the media sting operation in June 2013. The Bank was levied a
penalty of Rs. 1.4 million, which was paid, and an appeal was filed against the penalty with the Appellate Tribunal. In June 2017,
the Appellate Tribunal ruled that the penalty was not sustainable and asked the appellant banks to report such matters in the future.
In March 2018, the Reserve Bank of India imposed a penalty of Rs. 589 million on ICICI Bank for non-compliance with directions
issued by it on the sale of securities from the held-to-maturity portfolio and specified disclosure in this regard.

We are at increased risk for inquiries or investigations
by regulatory and enforcement authorities, which may adversely affect our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause
us to incur additional costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct business.

A failure to comply with the applicable
regulations in various jurisdictions by our employees, representatives, agents and third-party service providers either in or outside
the course of their services, or suspected or perceived failures by them, may result in further inquiries or investigations by
regulatory and enforcement authorities and in additional regulatory or enforcement action against either us, or such employees,
representatives, agents and third-party service providers. Such additional actions may further impact our reputation, result in
adverse media reports, lead to increased or enhanced regulatory or supervisory concerns, cause us to incur additional costs, penalties,
claims and expenses or impact adversely our ability to conduct business. See also “
—The board of directors of the
Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, headed by a former Supreme Court Judge, taken action against the former MD and CEO,
Ms
.
Chanda Kochhar
.
In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory
agencies to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory sanctions that
may materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and reputation.
” and “
—We
are investigating certain allegations that the Bank incorrectly classified certain assets due to claimed irregular transactions
in borrower accounts, incorrectly accounted for interest income and recoveries from non-performing assets as fees, and improperly
valued loan collateral”
.

We cannot predict the timing or form of
any current or future regulatory or law enforcement initiatives, which are increasingly common for international banks and financial
institutions.

The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant
to an independent enquiry, headed by a former Supreme Court Judge, taken action against the former MD and CEO, Ms. Chanda Kochhar.
In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have violated applicable
laws or

28

regulations, the Bank could become subject
to legal and regulatory sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and
reputation.

The Audit Committee of the Bank under direction
given by the Board of Directors instituted an independent enquiry by a former Supreme Court Judge, Hon’ble Mr. Justice B.
N. Srikrishna (Retd.), to consider various allegations relating to the former Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Ms.
Chanda Kochhar. The allegations were levelled against Ms. Kochhar in media articles, a whistleblower complaint and complaints written
by a private individual to senior government officials and regulators. The allegations included nepotism, quid pro quo and claims
that Ms. Kochhar, by not disclosing conflicts of interest caused by certain transactions between certain borrowers of the Bank
and entities controlled by Ms. Kochhar’s spouse, committed infractions under applicable regulations and the Bank’s
Code of Conduct. The independent enquiry was supported by an independent law firm and a forensic firm.

Ms. Kochhar proceeded on a leave of absence
following the institution of the independent enquiry. In the interim, Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi was appointed as wholetime Director and
Chief Operating Officer and reported directly to the Board of Directors during her absence. On October 4, 2018, the Board of Directors
of the Bank, accepted the request of Ms. Kochhar to seek early retirement from the Bank at the earliest. The Board accepted this
request with immediate effect, while noting that the enquiry instituted by the Board would remain unaffected by this and certain
benefits would be subject to the outcome of the enquiry. Ms. Kochhar also relinquished office from the boards of the Bank’s
subsidiaries. The Board decided to appoint Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, which was approved
by the Reserve Bank of India for a period of three years with effect from October 15, 2018.

The board of directors considered the enquiry
report on its receipt at the board meeting held on January 30, 2019. The enquiry report concluded, primarily on account of ineffectively
dealing with conflict of interest and due disclosure or recusal requirements, that Ms. Chanda Kochhar was in violation of the ICICI
Bank Code of Conduct, its framework for dealing with conflict of interest and fiduciary duties, and in terms of applicable Indian
laws, rules and regulations. It also concluded that her lack of diligence with respect to annual disclosures as required by the
Bank in terms of its internal policies, the ICICI Bank Code of Conduct and applicable Indian laws, rules and regulations on her
interests (direct or indirect) towards avoidance of conflict of interest, when considered that the Bank’s processes were
dependent solely on the directors discharging their fiduciary duty to recuse themselves and avoid conflict, implies that the Bank’s
then processes were rendered ineffective by her approach to such disclosures and avoidance of conflict. Following the receipt of
the enquiry report, the board of directors decided to treat the separation of Ms. Chanda Kochhar from the Bank as a ‘Termination
for Cause’ under the Bank’s internal policies, schemes and the Code of Conduct, with all attendant consequences (including
revocation of all her existing and future entitlements such as any unpaid amounts, unpaid bonuses or increments, unvested and vested
and unexercised stock options, and medical benefits), and require the clawback of all bonuses paid from April 2009 until March
2018.

Enquiries by government and regulatory
agencies in the matter are continuing. SEBI issued a show-cause notice to Ms. Kochhar and to the Bank in May 2018 in relation to
the allegations. The Bank has responded to the relevant allegations in the notice which pertain to the Bank. The Central Bureau
of Investigation (“CBI”) had also initiated a preliminary enquiry against various individuals and firms including unknown
officers and/or officials of the Bank. In January 2019, the CBI filed a first information report against Ms. Chanda Kochhar, her
spouse and certain borrowers of the Bank and their promoters, accusing them of cheating the Bank. The first information report
states that certain individuals, who were on the board of directors of the Bank when the alleged transactions occurred and were
part of committees that sanctioned credit facilities to the concerned borrower group, may also be investigated. These include the
present Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank and the present Managing Director of the Bank’s life insurance
subsidiary.

In the event that the Bank is found by
the SEBI enquiry or the CBI investigation or any other investigation by any other agency to have violated applicable laws or regulations,
the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our reputation and may
impact results of operations or financial condition. In the event Ms. Chanda Kochhar contests the actions taken by the Board of
Directors of the Bank in a court of competent jurisdiction, the Bank could incur additional costs, negative publicity and be subject
to the outcome of judicial review of such actions.

We are investigating certain allegations that
the Bank incorrectly classified certain assets due to claimed irregular transactions in borrower accounts, incorrectly accounted
for interest income and recoveries from non-performing assets as fees, and improperly valued loan collateral.

The Bank became aware in March 2018 of
an anonymous whistleblower complaint alleging incorrect asset classifications stemming from claimed irregular transactions in borrower
accounts, incorrect accounting of interest income and non-performing asset recoveries as fees, and overvaluation of collateral
securing corporate loans. The allegations related to fiscal 2016 and earlier. The Bank conducted an internal enquiry of these allegations
under its

29

Whistle Blower Policy, which was carried
out by the Head of the Internal Audit Group and supervised directly by the Audit Committee, without the involvement of any other
member of the Bank’s senior management. The enquiry resulted in an Interim Report that was reviewed in detail by the Audit
Committee and was disclosed to the statutory auditors before the finalization of the accounts for the year ended March 31, 2018
and has been submitted to the Reserve Bank of India. In certain loan accounts, transactions were observed that may have delayed
the classification of the account as non-performing in earlier years. Therefore, the Audit Committee of the Board directed the
Bank to review certain additional accounts for any similar irregular transactions as alleged in the complaint. Based on the Interim
Report and review undertaken for additional loan accounts, the Bank concluded that the likely impact of these allegations was not
material to the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2018 or earlier periods included in that annual report. The Bank
has, since April 2016, implemented enhanced internal controls, relating to review of loan accounts which satisfy certain threshold
parameters, primarily relating to size, credit rating and days-past-due, for identification of non-performing assets. Since then,
the Bank has received some additional information relating to these matters. The Bank has assessed and concluded that the likely
impact of this additional information is not material to the financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2019 or earlier
periods presented in this Annual Report. The Bank, at the direction of the Audit Committee and with the assistance of external
counsel, is continuing to investigate all of the allegations, including the additional information. In the event that the Bank
or individuals associated with the Bank are found to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank or individuals associated
with the Bank could become subject to legal claims and regulatory sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our results
of operations, financial condition and reputation.

In addition, as a large and internationally
active bank with operations and listing of its equity and debt instruments in multiple jurisdictions, the Bank is regularly engaged
with regulators, including the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), on a range of matters, including
regarding the above allegations. Even before these allegations, the Bank has been responding to requests for information from the
SEC investigatory staff regarding an enquiry relating to the timing and amount of the Bank’s loan impairment provisions taken
under U.S. GAAP. The Bank evaluates loans for impairment under U.S. GAAP for the purpose of preparing the annual footnote reconciling
the Bank’s Indian GAAP financial statements to U.S. GAAP. The Bank has voluntarily complied with all requests of the SEC
investigatory staff for information and continues to cooperate with the SEC on the matter. In the event that the Bank is found
by the SEC to have violated federal securities laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory sanctions
that may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.

We depend on the accuracy and completeness
of information about customers and counterparties.

In deciding whether to extend credit or
enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of
customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We may also rely on certain representations
as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of their independent
auditors. For instance, in deciding whether to extend credit, we may assume that a customer’s audited financial statements
conform to generally accepted accounting principles and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the customer. Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected by
relying on financial statements that do not comply with generally accepted accounting principles or other information that is materially
misleading. According to data published by the Reserve Bank of India, frauds reported in the Indian banking sector have shown an
increasing trend in recent years, and the composition of the fraud amount reported is largely dominated by frauds related to loans
and advances. In addition, our access to information about the credit histories of our borrowers, especially individuals and small
businesses, may be limited, relative to what is typically available for similar borrowers in developed economies with more established
nation-wide credit bureaus. This may affect the quality of information available to us about the credit history of our borrowers,
especially individuals and small businesses. As a result, our ability to effectively manage our credit risk may be adversely affected.

Commission, exchange and brokerage income,
profit on foreign exchange transactions and other sources of fee income are important elements of our profitability, and regulatory
changes and market conditions could cause these income streams to decline and adversely impact our financial performance.

We earn commission, exchange and brokerage
income from a variety of activities, including loan processing, syndication and advisory services for corporate clients with respect
to their acquisition and project financing, distribution of retail investment and insurance products, transaction banking and retail
credit products. Our commission, exchange and brokerage income is therefore impacted by the level of corporate activity including
new financing proposals, the demand for retail financial products and the overall level of economic and trade activity. Our commission,
exchange and brokerage income is also impacted by applicable regulations governing various products and segments of financial services
and changes in these regulations may adversely impact our ability to grow in this area. For instance, in May 2014, the Reserve
Bank of India directed banks to remove foreclosure charges on floating

30

rate term loans given to individual borrowers
and prohibited them from levying a penalty for non-maintenance of minimum balance in inoperative accounts. The securities regulator
has issued regulations restricting charges that may be levied on depositary accounts and upfront commission paid to distributors
of mutual funds. The profit on foreign exchange transactions is dependent on regulations governing foreign exchange dealings, foreign
exchange market conditions and the risk management strategies of corporate clients. The Reserve Bank of India has announced the
introduction of an electronic trading platform for buying/selling foreign exchange by retail customers of banks, aimed at enhancing
transparency and competition and lowering costs for retail customers. The Government of India in its budget for fiscal 2020 has
proposed that business establishments above a certain size should offer low cost digital modes of payment, with no charges being
levied on the customers or the merchants. Such measures could adversely impact our fee income streams in the future and adversely
affect our financial performance. Volatile market conditions may also have an adverse impact on mergers and acquisitions activity
by Indian companies, affecting our fee and other incomes related to such activity. Our commission, exchange and brokerage income
is also impacted by the level of corporate investment activity and new financing proposals. Our fee income from distribution of
third party financial products is dependent on applicable regulations, the demand for these products and our distribution strategy
for banking and third party products.

Negative publicity could damage our reputation
and adversely impact our business and financial results and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Reputation risk, or the risk to our business,
earnings and capital from negative publicity, is inherent in our business. The reputation of the financial services industry in
general has been closely monitored as a result of the financial crisis and other matters affecting the financial services industry.
Negative public opinion about the financial services industry generally or us specifically could adversely affect our ability to
keep and attract customers, and expose us to litigation and regulatory action. Negative publicity can result from our actual or
alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices and specific credit exposures, the level of non-performing
loans, corporate governance, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and related disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection
of customer information, and actions taken by government, regulators, investigative agencies and community organizations in response
to that conduct. The media coverage and public scrutiny of our business practices, our board of directors, key management personnel,
policies and actions has increased significantly over the past few months. Although we take steps to minimize reputation risk in
dealing with such events, we, as a large financial services organization are inherently exposed to this risk.

We have experienced negative publicity
with respect to the allegations levelled against Ms. Kochhar and her spouse and the whistleblower complaints regarding alleged
incorrect asset classification and other allegations. See also “
—The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant
to an independent enquiry, headed by a former Supreme Court Judge, taken action against the former MD and CEO, Ms
.
Chanda
Kochhar. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have violated
applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory sanctions that may materially and adversely
affect our results of operations or financial condition and reputation.
” and “
—We are investigating certain
allegations that the Bank incorrectly classified certain assets due to claimed irregular transactions in borrower accounts, incorrectly
accounted for interest income and recoveries from non-performing assets as fees, and improperly valued loan collateral”.

We cannot be certain how the investigations by the government and regulatory agencies will end and it is possible that the
conclusions of these investigations could lead to more negative publicity.

Any continued unfavorable publicity may
adversely impact investor confidence and affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. Our subsidiaries’ businesses include
mutual fund, portfolio and private equity fund management, which are exposed to various risks including diminution in value of
investments and inadequate liquidity of the investments. We also distribute products of our insurance, asset management and private
equity subsidiaries. Investors in these funds and schemes may allege mismanagement or weak fund management as well as mis-selling
and conflicts of interest which may impact our overall reputation as a financial services group and may require us to support these
businesses with liquidity and may result in a reduction in business volumes and revenues from these businesses. We are also exposed
to the risk of litigation by customers across our businesses.

We may seek opportunities for growth through
acquisitions, divest our existing businesses, or be required to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and could face integration
and other acquisitions risks.

We may seek opportunities for growth through
acquisitions or be required to undertake mergers mandated by the Reserve Bank of India under its statutory powers. We have undertaken
mergers and acquisitions in the past. In the most recent acquisition of the Bank of Rajasthan, a private sector bank, merged with
us effective August 12, 2010. In the past, the Reserve Bank of India has ordered mergers of weak banks with other banks primarily
in the interest of depositors of the weak banks. More recently, the Government of India has indicated that public sector banks
should pursue consolidation to create fewer banks that would be individually larger in scale. We may in the future examine

31

and seek opportunities for acquisitions
in countries where we currently operate. Our non-banking subsidiaries in India may also undertake mergers, acquisitions and takeovers.
Any future acquisitions or mergers or takeovers, both Indian or international, may involve a number of risks, including the possibility
of a deterioration of asset quality, financial impact of employee related liabilities, diversion of our management’s attention
required to integrate the acquired business and the failure to retain key acquired personnel and clients, leverage synergies or
rationalize operations, or develop the skills required for new businesses and markets, or unknown and known liabilities including
any ongoing litigation, claims or disputes concerning such acquisition, merger, its shareholders, share capital or its legal and
regulatory compliance obligations or practices, some or all of which could have an adverse effect on our business.

We may also sell all or part of one or
more of our businesses, including our subsidiaries, for a variety of reasons including changes in strategic focus, redeployment
of capital, contractual obligations and regulatory requirements. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and
Services—Insurance
”.

Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in
existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business.

The rapid growth of our retail loan business
and our rural initiative exposes us to increased risks within India including higher levels of non-performing loans in our unsecured
retail credit portfolio, increased operational risk, increased fraud risk and increased regulatory and legal risk. Since fiscal
2012 we have focused on scaling up our retail lending volumes and since fiscal 2015, we have also seen an increase in our retail
unsecured portfolio and our lending to small businesses and entrepreneurs. Our net domestic retail loan portfolio grew by 21.7%
in fiscal 2019 compared to an increase of 16.9% in our total domestic loan portfolio. Retail lending has been an important driver
of growth for the Indian banking system as well, and in the last three years unsecured retail credit has grown at a rapid pace.
Further, we are also focusing on scaling up our business and distribution network in rural areas. Recently, we have entered into
partnerships with technology companies with large customer bases to offer co-branded credit products and as well as with non-banking
financial companies for co-origination and/ or purchases of loans. We intend to continue to pursue similar partnerships.

While we have taken measures to address
the risks in these businesses, there can be no assurance that the businesses would perform according to our expectations or that
there would not be any adverse developments in these businesses in the future. We use data analytics extensively in our lending
to retail and small business customers, and there can be no assurance that these analytical models will perform as intended. Our
recent focus on partnerships with other entities to grow our portfolio may not yield the desired results and may lead to additional
risks. Our inability to manage such risks may have an adverse impact on our future business and strategy, our asset quality and
profitability and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Our industry is very competitive and our strategy
depends on our ability to compete effectively.

Within the Indian market, we face intense
competition from other commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies, non-bank finance companies, new private sector
banks like payments banks and small finance banks and non-bank entities offering retail payments services. Some Indian public and
private sector banks have experienced higher growth and increase in market shares relative to us. The Reserve Bank of India has
issued licenses to two new private sector banks, and in-principle licenses to 10 small finance banks and 11 payments banks. While
all the small finance banks have begun operations, only seven payments banks have begun operations and three payments banks have
surrendered, or announced their intention to surrender, their licenses. Recently, a payment bank that had begun operations voluntarily
decided to wind up its operations. The Reserve Bank of India has also issued guidelines with respect to a continuous licensing
policy for universal banks in the private sector. The expansion of existing competitors or the entry of new competitors could increase
competition. In addition, the moderation of growth in the Indian banking sector may lead to greater competition for business opportunities.

Further, technology innovations in mobility
and digitization of financial services require banks and financial services companies to continuously develop new and simplified
models for offering banking products and services. Innovations in the payments system and increasing use of mobile banking are
leading to emergence of new platforms for cashless payments. This can also lead to new types of banks expanding their presence
in other financial products like insurance and mutual funds. These trends in technology could increase competitive pressures on
banks, including us, to adapt to new operating models and upgrade back-end infrastructure on an ongoing basis. There is no assurance
that we will be able to continue to respond promptly to new technology developments, and be in a position to dedicate resources
to upgrade our systems and compete with new players entering the market. Recently, non-financial companies, particularly international
technology companies including large e-commerce players, are increasing their presence in the financial sector and are offering
payment platforms and select services. We are currently partnering with some of these entities to jointly offer payment and credit
products and services. Some or all of these entities, which have substantially more resources than us and other Indian banks, may
eventually seek a larger share of the

32

banking and financial services market in
India and compete with us. Our subsidiaries also face similar risks, including enhanced competition from new, technology-led players
with disruptive business models that may result in a loss of market share or reduced profitability or both, for existing players.

We face competition from non-banking finance
companies that are lending in segments in which banks also have a presence, including home loans and vehicle loans. Their presence
in the market may grow during periods when banks are unable to grow their advances due to challenges and stress in other businesses.
There is no assurance that we will be able to effectively compete with these non-banking finance companies at all times. Further,
changes in the banking sector structure due to consolidation as well as entry of new competitors may lead to volatility and new
challenges and may increase pressure on banks to remain competitive.

In October 2013, the Reserve Bank of India
completely deregulated branch licensing requirements and banks are permitted to open branches across Tier 1 to Tier 6 centers without
the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, subject to them maintaining a prescribed proportion of 25% of their incremental
branches in rural and semi-urban areas. Banks are also allowed to merge, close or shift a branch in metropolitan and urban centers
without prior approval. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to the Opening of Branches
”.
In March 2017, the Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines on the rationalization of branch authorization. As per the revised
guidelines, banks are permitted to open, unless otherwise specifically restricted, banking outlets in Tier 1 to Tier 6 centers
without the need to obtain the Reserve Bank of India’s permission. The opening of banking outlets during a financial year
will be subject to condition that at least 25% of the total number of banking outlets opened during a financial year should be
opened in unbanked rural centers. In May 2017, the description of a branch was broadened to include all service delivery points
of a bank, including branches and business correspondent outlets.

The Reserve Bank of India has also released
the framework for the presence of foreign banks in India, and has proposed according treatment substantively similar to domestic
banks for foreign banks, based on the principles of reciprocity and subsidiary mode of presence. In May 2014, the Reserve Bank
of India released the report of the committee constituted to review the governance of boards of banks in India which, among others,
has proposed several measures aimed at improving the governance, ownership and board oversight of public sector banks. Following
these recommendations, the Government of India split the position of chairman and managing director in public sector banks such
that one person is no longer permitted to hold both positions. Any changes in the banking structure in India, including the entry
of new banks, greater competition between existing players and improvement in the efficiency and competitiveness of existing banks,
may have an adverse impact on our business. Due to competitive pressures, we may be unable to successfully execute our growth strategy
or offer products and services at reasonable returns and this may adversely impact our business. See also “
Business—Competition
”
and “
Overview of the Indian Financial Sector—Commercial Banks—Foreign Banks
”.

In our international operations we also
face intense competition from the full range of competitors in the financial services industry, both banks and non-banks and both
Indian and foreign banks. We remain a small to mid-size player in the international markets and many of our competitors have resources
much greater than our own.

Additional capital requirements of our insurance
subsidiaries or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding in these subsidiaries may adversely impact our business and
the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Although our insurance businesses are profitable
and we currently do not anticipate they would require capital, additional capital may be required to support the business which
may, among other reasons, arise due to regulatory requirements or increased opportunities for growth. For instance, in the past,
in accordance with an order of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, all general insurance companies in
India, including our general insurance subsidiary, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, were required to provide for
losses on the third-party motor pool (a multilateral arrangement for insurance in respect of third-party claims against commercial
vehicles, the results of which were shared by all general insurance companies in proportion to their overall market share). Since
the losses were allocated to general insurance companies based on their overall market shares, the profitability and solvency ratio
of our general insurance subsidiary were adversely impacted. Accordingly, we invested Rs. 740.0 million of capital into our general
insurance subsidiary in fiscal 2013. Our ability to invest additional capital in these businesses is subject to the Reserve Bank
of India’s regulations on capital adequacy and its para-banking guidelines that prescribe limits for our aggregate investment
in financial sector enterprises. All such investments require prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
—Loss
reserves for our general insurance business are based on estimates as to future claims liabilities and adverse developments relating
to claims could lead to further reserve additions and materially adversely affect the operation of our general insurance subsidiary
”.

33

Any additional capital requirements of
our insurance subsidiaries and restrictions on our ability to capitalize them could adversely impact their growth, our future capital
adequacy, our financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015,
increased the foreign shareholding limit in insurance companies from 26.0% to 49.0%, subject to the companies being Indian-owned
and controlled, and to regulatory approval. During fiscal 2016, we sold a 6.0% stake in our life insurance subsidiary, ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited, to financial investors, thereby reducing our share ownership in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited from approximately 74% to 68%. In fiscal 2017, we sold a further 12.63% out of our shareholding in ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited through an offer for sale in an initial public offering of its shares. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited was listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the BSE Limited on September 29, 2016. During fiscal
2019, we sold an additional 2.0% out of our shareholding in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company through an offer for sale by
promoters through stock exchange mechanism. Our current shareholding in our life insurance subsidiary stands at 52.88%. During
fiscal 2016, Fairfax Financial Holdings and ICICI Bank agreed that Fairfax Financial Holdings (through its affiliate) would increase
its shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company by 9.0%. The transaction was completed in March 2016, resulting in
our share ownership in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited reducing to 63%. In September 2017, we sold 7.0% out of
our shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in an initial public offering by the Company. ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company was listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the BSE Limited in September 2017. Further,
in November 2017, the Board of Directors of the Bank approved the sale of a part of our shareholding in ICICI Securities in an
initial public offering. Subsequently, in March 2018, we sold 20.78% out of our shareholding in ICICI Securities in an initial
public offering by the Company. ICICI Securities was listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the BSE Limited
in April 2018. In its budget for fiscal 2019, the Government of India has proposed that SEBI should consider increasing the minimum
public shareholding requirement in listed companies to 35.0% from 25.0%, which may require us to sell additional shares of our
life insurance and securities subsidiaries. There is no assurance that we will be able to undertake further monetization of our
investments in our subsidiaries, through public offering or otherwise, or of the level of valuation of the subsidiaries at which
such monetization may take place. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Insurance
”
and “
—While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance of their future
rates of growth or levels of profitability
”.

While our insurance businesses are an important
part of our business, there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability.

Our life insurance and general insurance
businesses are an important part of our business. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Insurance
”.
These businesses have experienced volatility in growth rates in the past and there can be no assurance of their future rates of
growth or profitability.

The Indian life insurance sector has experienced
significant regulatory changes in recent years. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Governing Insurance
Companies
”. The regulatory changes, apart from impacting the business strategy, have also resulted in reduced profit
margins on life insurance products. In fiscal 2015, the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015, amended the existing statute to provide
that no policy of life insurance shall be called in to question on any grounds, including misstatement of facts or fraud, at any
time after three years from the date of the policy, i.e., from the date of issuance of the policy, commencement of risk, revival
of the policy or the rider to the policy, whichever is later. The total premium of our life insurance subsidiary, ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited, increased by 14.3% from Rs. 270.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 309.3 billion in fiscal 2019. The
retail renewal premium increased from Rs. 175.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 202.3 billion in fiscal 2019 and retail new business
premium decreased from Rs. 84.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 81.4 billion in fiscal 2019.

The growth of our life insurance subsidiary
was relatively lower than some of its key competitors in fiscal 2019. Our life insurance subsidiary’s strategy emphasizes
unit-linked, pure protection and annuity products. The demand for unit-linked products may be influenced by any volatility or downturn
in capital markets. Further, our life insurance subsidiary is primarily focused on growth in the value of new business, as a key
profitability metric. ICICI Bank is a corporate agent of its insurance subsidiaries and accounts for a significant portion of the
business volumes of its life insurance subsidiary. The growth of the life insurance subsidiary’s business is thus significantly
dependent on the Bank’s distribution strategy with respect to banking products and third party products. There can be no
assurance of the continued growth of the subsidiary’s business and profitability, including the business generated by the
Bank.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company’s
gross direct premium income was Rs. 144.9 billion in fiscal 2019, a growth of 17.3% over fiscal 2018. ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company’s growth and profitability depend on various factors, including the proportion of certain profitable products in
its portfolio, the maintenance on its relationship with key distribution partners and reinsurers, continuation of support by the
Government of India of certain

34

insurance schemes, regulatory changes,
and market movements. There can be no assurance of the future rates of growth in the insurance business. While this subsidiary
has been making profits since fiscal 2013, there can be no assurance of the future profitability or rates of growth in the insurance
business. See also “
—Additional capital requirements of our insurance subsidiaries or our inability to monetize
a part of our shareholding in these subsidiaries may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”
and “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Governing Insurance Companies
”.

Further, the Insurance Regulatory Development
Authority of India has from time to time proposed changes to the regulations governing distribution of insurance products by corporate
agents, including banks. Any future regulatory changes or restrictions may require our insurance subsidiaries to change their
distribution strategies, which may result in increased costs and lower business volumes, as well as impacting ICICI Bank’s
distribution of their products and the associated fee income. A slowdown in growth in the Indian economy, further regulatory changes
or customer dissatisfaction with our insurance products could adversely impact the future growth of these businesses. See also
“—
Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The regulatory environment for
financial institutions is facing unprecedented change in the post-financial crisis environment
”. Any slowdown in these
businesses could have an adverse impact on our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Actuarial experience and other factors could
differ from assumptions made in the calculation of life actuarial reserves and other actuarial information.

The assumptions our life insurance subsidiary
makes in assessing its life insurance reserves and computing other actuarial information may differ from what it experiences in
the future. These assumptions include the assessment of the long-term development of interest rates, investment returns, the allocation
of investments between equity, fixed income and other categories, persistency, mortality and morbidity rates, policyholder lapses,
policy discontinuation and future expense levels. In addition, there is a risk that the model used to estimate life and health
insurance reserves based on such assumptions could be incorrect.

Our life insurance subsidiary monitors
its actual experience of these assumptions and to the extent that it considers any deviation from assumption to continue in the
longer term, it refines its long-term assumptions. Changes in any such assumptions may lead to changes in the estimates of life
and health insurance reserves and other actuarial information. Such changes may also impact the valuation of our life insurance
subsidiary by existing or potential investors, and the valuation at which any future monetization of our shareholding in the life
insurance subsidiary may take place, if at all.

Loss reserves for our general insurance business
are based on estimates as to future claims liabilities and adverse developments relating to claims could lead to further reserve
additions and materially adversely affect the operation of our general insurance subsidiary.

In accordance with the general insurance
industry practice and accounting and regulatory requirements, our general insurance subsidiary establishes reserves for loss and
loss adjustment expenses related to its general insurance business. Reserves are based on estimates of future payments that will
be made in respect of claims, including expenses relating to such claims. Such estimates are made on both a case-by-case basis
of claims that have been reported but not settled, based on the facts and circumstances available at the time the reserves are
established, as well as in respect of losses that have been incurred but not reported. These reserves represent the estimated ultimate
cost necessary to bring all pending claims to final settlement.

Reserves are subject to change due to a
number of variables which affect the ultimate cost of claims, such as changes in claims handling procedures, legal environment,
social attitudes, results of litigation, costs of repairs, changing trends in medical costs, minimum wages and other factors such
as inflation and exchange rates. Our general insurance subsidiary’s reserves for environmental and other latent claims are
particularly subject to such variables. The results of operations of our general insurance subsidiary depend significantly upon
the extent to which its actual claims experience is consistent with the assumptions it uses in setting the prices for products
and establishing the liabilities for obligations for technical provisions and claims. To the extent that its actual claims experience
is less favorable than the underlying assumptions used in establishing such liabilities, it may be required to increase its reserves,
which may materially adversely affect its results of operations.

Established loss reserves estimates are
periodically adjusted in the ordinary course of settlement, using the most current information available to management, and any
adjustments resulting from changes in reserve estimates are reflected in current results of operations. Our general insurance subsidiary
also conducts reviews of various lines of business to consider the adequacy of reserve levels. Based on current information available
and on the basis of internal procedures, the management of our general insurance subsidiary considers that these reserves are adequate.
However, because the establishment of reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses is an inherently uncertain process, there
can be no assurance that ultimate losses will not materially exceed the established reserves for loss and loss adjustment

35

expenses and have a material adverse effect
on the results of operations of our general insurance subsidiary. See also “
—Additional capital requirements of
our insurance subsidiaries or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding in these subsidiaries may adversely impact our
business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”.

The financial results of our insurance subsidiaries
could be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of a catastrophe.

Portions of our general insurance subsidiary’s
business may cover losses from unpredictable events such as hurricanes, windstorms, monsoons, earthquakes, fires, industrial explosions,
floods, riots and other man-made or natural disasters, including acts of terrorism. The incidence and severity of these catastrophes
in any given period are inherently unpredictable.

In addition, our life insurance subsidiary’s
operations are also exposed to claims arising out of catastrophes due to increased mortality and morbidity claims of affected customers.
In addition, catastrophes could result in losses in the investment portfolios of our life insurance subsidiary due to, among other
reasons, the failure of its counterparties to perform their obligations or significant volatility or disruption in the financial
markets.

Although our subsidiaries monitor their
overall exposure to catastrophes and other unpredictable events in each geographic region and determine their underwriting limits
related to insurance coverage for losses from catastrophic events, the subsidiaries generally seek to reduce their exposure through
the purchase of reinsurance, selective underwriting practices and by monitoring risk accumulation. Claims relating to catastrophes
may result in unusually high levels of losses and may require additional capital to maintain solvency margins and could have a
material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.

There is operational risk associated with the
financial industry which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business.

We, like all financial institutions, are
exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees or outsiders, unauthorized
transactions by employees and third parties (including violation of regulations for prevention of corrupt practices, and other
regulations governing our business activities), misreporting or non-reporting with respect to statutory, legal or regulatory reporting
and disclosure obligations, or operational errors, including non-compliance with internal processes, clerical or recordkeeping
and reconciliation errors or errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems. We have experienced significant
growth in a fast changing environment, and management as well as our regulators, are aware that this may pose significant challenges
to our control framework. As a result of our internal evaluations, we and our regulators have noted certain areas where our processes
and controls could be improved. Our growth, particularly in retail lending, our rural initiative, our international business and
our insurance businesses, exposes us to additional operational and control risks. Regulatory scrutiny of areas related to operational
risk, including internal audit information, systems and data processing is increasing. The large size of our treasury and retail
operations, which use automated control and recording systems as well as manual checks and recordkeeping, exposes us to the risk
of errors in control, recordkeeping and reconciliation. The increasing size of our insurance business and the complexities of the
products expose us to the risk that the models set up on actuarial software to compute the actuarial liabilities and deferred acquisition
cost may contain errors or may require continuous improvement over a period of time. Given our high volume of transactions, certain
errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. In addition, our dependence upon automated
systems to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws, employee tampering, manipulation
of those systems and deficiency in access control management will result in losses that are difficult to detect. We may also be
subject to disruptions of our operating systems, arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control (including,
for instance, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunication outages), which may give rise to deterioration in customer service
and to loss or liability to us.

We also outsource some functions, like
collections, sourcing of retail loans and management of ATMs to other agencies and hence also exposed to the risk that external
vendors may be unable to fulfil their contractual obligations to us (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational
errors by their respective employees as we are), and to the risk that our (or our vendors’) business continuity and data
security systems prove not to be sufficiently adequate. We also face the risk that the design of our controls and procedures proves
inadequate, or is circumvented, thereby causing delays in detection or errors in information. We are also exposed to operational
risks from transactions with other financial institutions and intermediaries. Although we maintain a system of controls designed
to keep operational risk at appropriate levels, like all banks and insurance companies we have suffered losses from operational
risk and there can be no assurance that we will not suffer losses from operational risks in the future that may be material in
amount, and our reputation could be adversely affected by the occurrence of any such events involving our employees, customers
or third parties.

36

In addition, regulators or legal authorities
may also hold banks, including us, liable for losses on account of customer errors such as inadvertent sharing of confidential
account related information. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system especially of controls and procedures,
including the possibility of human error, circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures, in a fast changing environment
or when entering new areas of business or expanding geographic reach. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures
can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. We are committed to continuing to implement and improve
internal controls and our risk management processes, and this remains a key priority for us. If, however, we are unable to manage
operational risk in India and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate, or if we are perceived as being unable to manage
such risk, we may be subject to enhanced regulatory oversight and scrutiny. For a discussion of how operational risk is managed,
see also “
Business—Risk Management—Operational Risk
”.

We face security risks, including denial of
service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption
attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or
reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.

Our businesses rely on our secure processing,
transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems
and networks and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. To access our products and services,
our customers may use personal smartphones, tablets, laptops, PCs, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems
and subject to their own cybersecurity risks. Given our reliance and focus on technology and presence in diverse geographies, our
technologies, systems, networks, and our customers’ devices are subject to security risks and are susceptible to cyber-attacks
(such as, denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities or identity theft) that could negatively impact the confidentiality,
integrity or availability of data pertaining to us or our customers, which in turn may cause direct loss of money to our customers
or to us, damage to our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results. Third parties with which we do business
or that facilitate our business activities could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including
from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints.

We, our customers, regulators and other
third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to,
and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. These cyber-attacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive
code, phishing attacks, denial of service or information, ransomware, improper access by employees or vendors, attacks on personal
email of employees, ransom demands to not expose security vulnerabilities in our systems or the systems of third parties or other
security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential,
proprietary and other information of ours, our employees, our customers or of third parties, damage our systems or otherwise materially
disrupt our or our customers’ or other third parties’ network access or business operations. Like many other large
global financial institutions, we have also experienced a distributed denial of services attack which was intended to disrupt customer
access to our main portal. While our monitoring and mitigating controls were able to detect and effectively respond to this incident,
there can be no assurance that these security measures will be successful in the future. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we
may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate
and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.

We have a governance framework in place
for security and have implemented information security policies, procedures and technologies. However, considering that technology
is currently in a phase of rapid evolution and that the methods used for cyber-attacks are also changing frequently or, in some
cases, are not recognized until an actual attack, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures
against all security breaches. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks
and could be held liable for any security breach or loss.

Cybersecurity risks for banking organizations
have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the use of the internet
and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. For example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future
as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based
products and applications. In addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased
sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled
employees or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. Even the most advanced
internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. Targeted social engineering attacks and "spear phishing"
attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. In such an attack, an attacker will attempt to
fraudulently induce colleagues, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access
to its data or that of its clients. Persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and
motive. The techniques used by cyber criminals change

37

frequently, may not be recognized until
launched and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. The risk of a security breach caused by a cyber-attack
at a vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. Additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or
security breaches at third-party vendors with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner.

We also face indirect technology, cybersecurity
and operational risks relating to clients and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or
enable our business activities, including, for example, financial counterparties, regulators and providers of critical infrastructure
such as internet access and electrical power. As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial
entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach that significantly
degrades, deletes or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties
or other market participants, including us. This consolidation, interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk of operational
failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis.

Any third-party technology failure, cyber-attack
or other information or security breach, termination or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect
transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our business. Cyber-attacks or other information or security
breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. Furthermore, the
public perception that a cyber-attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage
our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business. Hacking of personal information and identity theft risks,
in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. A successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause
us serious negative consequences, including our loss of customers and business opportunities, costs associated with maintaining
business relationships after an attack or breach; significant business disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation,
exposure, or destruction of our confidential information, intellectual property, funds, and/or those of our customers; or damage
to our or our customers’ and/or third parties’ computers or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable
privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security
measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact
our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Our insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses.

System failures could adversely impact our
business.

Given the large share of retail products
and services and transaction banking services in our total business, the importance of systems technology to our business has
increased significantly. Our business, financial, accounting, data processing systems or other operating systems and facilities
may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly
or partially beyond our control, such as surges in customer transaction volume, utility disruptions or failures, natural disasters,
diseases pandemics, events arising from political or social matters and terrorist attacks. While we have procedures to monitor
for and prevent system failures, and to recover from system failures in the event they occur, there is no guarantee that these
procedures will successfully prevent a system failure or allow us to recover quickly from a system failure. In the event that
our data center is severely impacted, while we have a secondary disaster recovery data center, recovery of some of our systems
and services may be delayed, thereby adversely impacting our operations and customer service levels. Any failure in our systems,
particularly for retail products and services and transaction banking, could significantly affect our operations and the quality
of our customer service and could result in enhanced regulatory scrutiny and business and financial losses that would adversely
affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. Regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing. See also “—
Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment
in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action, whether formal or informal. Following the financial crisis, regulators
are increasingly viewing us, as well as other financial institutions, as presenting a higher risk profile than in the past
”.

Our business may be adversely affected by computer,
internet and telecommunications fraud.

Our business operations are based on a
high volume of transactions. Although we take adequate measures to safeguard against system-related and other frauds, there can
be no assurance that we would be able to prevent fraud. Our reputation could be adversely affected by fraud committed by employees,
customers or outsiders, or by our perceived inability to properly manage fraud-related risks. Such activity may take many forms,
including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing and other dishonest acts. Our inability or perceived inability to
manage these risks could lead to enhanced regulatory oversight and scrutiny. Our branch network expansion, our rural initiative,
our international growth and our expansion to product lines such as insurance may create additional challenges with respect to
managing the risk of fraud due to increased geographical dispersion and use of intermediaries. See also “
Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects—Provisions and Contingencies (excluding tax provisions)—Provisions for Non-performing
Assets and Restructured Loans
” and “
Business—Risk Management—Operational Risk
”.

38

A determination against us in respect of disputed
tax assessments may adversely impact our financial performance.

We are regularly assessed by the Government
of India’s tax authorities, and on account of outstanding tax demands we have included in contingent liabilities Rs. 63.0
billion in additional taxes in excess of our provisions at March 31, 2019. These additional tax demands mainly relate to income
tax, service tax, sales tax and value added tax demands by the Government of India’s tax authorities for past years. We have
appealed against each of these tax demands. The tax related inquiries are not included in contingent liabilities as we believe
that such proceedings are likely to be dropped by the tax authorities or will not be upheld by judicial authorities. As such, no
provision has been made in the accounts for these contingent liabilities. The amount of Rs. 63.0 billion included in our contingent
liabilities does not include further disputed tax assessments amounting to Rs. 42.2 billion, of which Rs. 28.4 billion mainly relates
to bad debts written off and penalties levied, where the possibility of liability arising has been considered remote based on favorable
Supreme Court decisions in other similar cases, and Rs. 12.9 billion relating to short credit of taxes paid and rectifiable errors.
See also “
Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
”. During fiscal 2019, the tax authorities issued notices
to banks, including us, regarding levy of service tax on free services provided by banks to customers maintaining specified minimum
balances in their deposit accounts. The banking industry has initiated legal proceedings to contest this notice.

We have appealed all of these demands.
While we expect that no additional liability will arise out of these disputed demands based on our consultations with tax counsel
and favorable decisions in our own and other cases, there can be no assurance that these matters will be settled in our favor or
that no further liability will arise out of these demands. Any additional tax liability may adversely impact our financial performance
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

We are involved in various litigations. Any
final judgment awarding material damages against us could have a material adverse impact on our future financial performance and
our stockholders’ equity.

We and our group companies, or our or their
directors or officers, are often involved in litigations (civil and criminal) in India and in the other jurisdictions in which
we operate for a variety of reasons, which generally arise because we seek to recover our dues from borrowers or because customers
seek claims against us. The majority of these cases arise in the normal course of business and we believe, based on the facts of
the cases and consultation with counsel, that these cases generally do not involve the risk of a material adverse impact on our
financial performance or stockholders’ equity. We estimate the probability of losses that may be incurred in connection with
legal and regulatory proceedings as of the date on which our unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements are prepared.
We recognize a provision when we have a present obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources
will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made. We determine the
amount of provision based on our estimate of the amount required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date, supplemented
by our experience in similar situations. We review provisions at each balance sheet date and adjust them to reflect current estimates.
In cases where the available information indicates that a loss is reasonably possible but the amount of such loss cannot be reasonably
estimated, we make a disclosure to this effect in the unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements. In certain instances,
present and former employees have instituted legal and other proceedings against us alleging irregularities. When there is only
a remote risk of loss, we do not recognize a provision nor do we include a disclosure in the unconsolidated and consolidated financial
statements. See also “
Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
”. We cannot guarantee that the judgments
in any of the litigation in which we are involved would be favorable to us and if our assessment of the risk changes, our view
on provisions will also change.

We depend on the knowledge and skills of our
senior management. Any inability to attract and retain them and other talented professionals may adversely impact our business.

Our continued success depends in part on
the continued service of key members of our management team and our ability to continue to attract, train, motivate and retain
highly qualified professionals. This is a key element of our strategy and we believe it to be a significant source of competitive
advantage. The successful implementation of our strategy depends on the availability of skilled management, both at our head office
and at each of our business units and international locations, continuity in the service of our directors, executives and senior
managers, and our ability to attract and train young professionals.

The appointment of individuals in certain
positions is subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals. Any stringent requirements by our regulator for appointing key members
in the management may require us to reorganize our management structure and may affect our ability to identify, hire and appoint
suitable professionals for various roles.

39

The loss of any member from our senior
management, including directors and key personnel, can have a material impact on our business, our financial performance, our stockholders’
equity, our ability to implement our strategy and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. If we or one of our business units
or other functions fail to staff operations appropriately, or lose one or more key senior executives or qualified young professionals
and fail to replace them in a satisfactory and timely manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations, including
our control and operational risks, may be adversely affected. Likewise, if we fail to attract and appropriately train, motivate
and retain young professionals or other talent, our business may likewise be affected. We have recently made several changes to
our human resource management practices, including key performance indicators, unit-level operating flexibility and accountability
and a shift from grades to functional designations at senior levels, aimed at greater agility and synergy across the organization.
There can be no assurance that these measures will be successful in meeting the desired objectives.

A substantial portion of our compensation
structure for middle and senior management is in the form of employee stock options, and dependent on the market price of our equity
shares. Depending on market and business conditions, we may decide to reduce our employee strength in certain of our businesses.
Increased competition, including the entry of new banks into an already competitive sector, may affect our ability to hire and
retain qualified employees. See also “
Business—Employees
”.

Adoption of a different basis of accounting
or new accounting standards may result in changes in our reported financial position and results of operations for future and prior
periods.

The financial statements and other financial
information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report are based on our unconsolidated and consolidated financial
statements under Indian GAAP. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs, which is the law making authority for adoption of accounting standards
in India, has issued a roadmap for transition to Ind AS (a revised set of accounting standards, which largely converges the Indian
accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards) by Indian companies in a phased manner starting from April
1, 2016. For banking companies, the implementation of Ind AS, which was earlier to begin from April 1, 2018, was deferred until
further notice as recommended legislative amendments were still under the consideration of the Government of India. For insurance
companies the implementation of Ind AS will begin from April 1, 2020. Some of our group companies have begun reporting their financials
as per Ind AS from April 1, 2018.

Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments (Standard
equivalent to International Financial Reporting Standard 9) would have a significant impact on the way financial assets and liabilities
are classified and measured, resulting in volatility in profit or loss and equity. See also “
Operating and Financial Review
and Prospects—Convergence of Indian accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards
”.

Further, banks migrating to the advanced
measurement approach for operational risk and internal ratings-based approaches for credit risk under Basel II are required to
follow the prescribed minimum loss given default levels for capital adequacy computation and treat restructured assets as nonperforming
assets for capital adequacy purposes. Compliance with these new standards may result in an increase in loans classified as non-performing
and provisioning costs, and a reduction in capital adequacy for banks, including us.

Risks Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares

You will not be able to vote your ADSs and
your ability to withdraw equity shares from the depositary facility is subject to delays and legal restrictions.

Our ADS holders have no voting rights unlike
holders of our equity shares who have voting rights. For certain information regarding the voting rights of the equity shares underlying
our ADSs, see also “
Business—Shareholding Structure and Relationship with the Government of India
”. If
you wish, you may withdraw the equity shares underlying your ADSs and seek to exercise your voting rights under the equity shares
you obtain from the withdrawal. However, for foreign investors, this withdrawal process may be subject to delays. For a discussion
of the legal restrictions triggered by a withdrawal of the equity shares from the depositary facility upon surrender of ADSs, see
also “
Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities
”.

Your holdings may be diluted by additional
issuances of equity and any dilution may adversely affect the market prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

In fiscal 2008, we concluded a capital
raising exercise comprising a public offering in India and an ADS offering aggregating Rs. 199.7 billion. We may conduct additional
equity offerings to fund the growth of our business, including our international operations, our insurance business or our other
subsidiaries. In addition, up to 10.0% of our issued equity shares from time to time, may be granted in accordance with our Employee
Stock Option Scheme. Any

40

future issuance of equity shares or ADSs
or exercise of employee stock options would dilute the positions of investors in equity shares and ADSs and could adversely affect
the market prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

You may be unable to exercise preemptive rights
available to other shareholders.

A company incorporated in India must offer
its holders of equity shares preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing
ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless these rights have been waived by at least 75.0% of
the company’s shareholders present and voting at a shareholders’ general meeting. United States investors in ADSs may
be unable to exercise these preemptive rights for equity shares underlying ADSs unless a registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) is effective with respect to such rights or an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act is available. Our decision to file a registration statement will depend on the costs and potential
liabilities associated with any such registration as well as the perceived benefits of enabling investors in ADSs to exercise their
preemptive rights and any other factors we consider appropriate at such time. To the extent that investors in ADSs are unable to
exercise preemptive rights, their proportional ownership interests in us would be reduced.

Your ability to sell in India any equity shares
withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion of rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency and the repatriation
of such foreign currency may be subject to delays if specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

ADS holders seeking to sell in India any
equity shares withdrawn upon surrender of ADSs, convert the rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency or repatriate
such foreign currency may need the Reserve Bank of India’s approval for each such transaction. See also “
Restriction
on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities
”. We cannot guarantee that any such approval will be obtained in a timely manner
or at terms favorable to the investor. Because of possible delays in obtaining the requisite approvals, investors in equity shares
may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increases or limiting losses during periods of price declines.

Restrictions on deposit of equity shares in
the depositary facility could adversely affect the price of our ADSs.

Under current Indian regulations, an ADS
holder who surrenders ADSs and withdraws equity shares may deposit those equity shares again in the depositary facility in exchange
for ADSs. An investor who has purchased equity shares in the Indian market may also deposit those equity shares in the ADS program.
However, the deposit of equity shares may be subject to securities law restrictions and the restriction that the cumulative aggregate
number of equity shares that can be deposited as of any time cannot exceed the cumulative aggregate number represented by ADSs
converted into underlying equity shares as of such time. These restrictions increase the risk that the market price of our ADSs
will be below that of the equity shares.

Certain shareholders own a large percentage
of our equity shares and their actions could adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

The Life Insurance Corporation of India,
the General Insurance Corporation of India and other government-owned general insurance companies, all of which are directly controlled
by the Indian government, are among our principal shareholders. At June 30, 2019, the Life Insurance Corporation of India held
7.9% and the General Insurance Corporation of India and other government-owned general insurance companies held 2.7% of our outstanding
equity shares. See also “
Business—Shareholding Structure and Relationship with the Government of India
”.
Any substantial sale of our equity shares by these or other large shareholders could adversely affect the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs. The Reserve Bank of India, in exercise of powers conferred by the Banking Regulation Act has notified a ceiling
on voting rights in a banking company for single shareholder of 15.0%. Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas held approximately
23.9% of our equity shares at June 30, 2019 as depositary for ADS holders and currently votes on only 15.0% of these shares as
per the ceiling notified by the Reserve Bank of India. In addition, under the terms of our deposit agreement, Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas must vote these shares as directed by our Board of Directors. See also “
Overview of the Indian Financial
Sector—Structural Reforms—Amendments to the Banking Regulation Act
”.

Conditions in the Indian securities market
may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

The Indian securities markets are smaller
and more volatile than securities markets in developed economies. In the past, the Indian stock exchanges have experienced high
volatility and other problems that have affected the market price and liquidity of the listed securities, including temporary exchange
closures, broker defaults, settlement delays and strikes by brokers. In April 2003, the decline in the price of the equity shares
of a leading Indian software company created volatility in the Indian stock markets and created temporary concerns regarding our
exposure to the equity markets. On May 17, 2004, the S&P BSE Sensex fell by 565 points from 5,070 to 4,505, creating temporary
concerns

41

regarding our exposure to the equity markets.
Both the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited halted trading on the exchanges on May 17, 2004 in view of
the sharp fall in prices of securities. The Indian securities markets experienced rapid appreciation during fiscal 2006 but underwent
a sharp correction in May 2006. The markets experienced a recovery thereafter and the S&P BSE Sensex reached an all-time high
of 20,873 on January 8, 2008 but subsequently experienced a sharp correction, with the S&P BSE Sensex declining to 8,160 on
March 9, 2009. In the 24 months since then, the equity markets had recovered with the S&P BSE Sensex at 19,445 at year-end
fiscal 2011. However, the European debt crisis, volatile crude oil prices and concerns on growth in India caused a decline in the
domestic equity markets with the S&P BSE Sensex at 17,404 at March 30, 2012. The markets have recovered subsequently and at
year-end fiscal 2019 the S&P BSE Sensex was at 38,673. In recent years, there have been changes in laws and regulations regulating
the taxation of dividend income, which have impacted the Indian equity capital markets. See also “
Dividends
”.
Similar problems or changes in the future could adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

We are subject to regulatory restrictions on
the payment of dividend to shareholders. Any change in such restrictions or increase in capital requirements may have an impact
on our dividend payout to our equity share and ADS holders.

The Reserve Bank of India has prescribed
limits on the dividend payout ratio of banks in India linked to certain parameters such as the risk-based capital ratio and net
non-performing assets ratio. Under the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines, banks are subject to higher minimum
capital requirements and must maintain a capital conservation buffer above the minimum requirements to avoid restrictions on capital
distributions and discretionary bonus payments. Any change in restrictions on payment of dividend or capital requirements may limit
our ability to pay dividends to our equity share and ADS holders.

Settlement of trades of equity shares on Indian
stock exchanges may be subject to delays.

The equity shares represented by ADSs are
currently listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. Settlement on those stock exchanges may be
subject to delays and an investor in equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility upon surrender of ADSs may not be able
to settle trades on such stock exchanges in a timely manner. See also “
—Conditions in the Indian securities market
may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs
”.

Changes in Indian regulations on foreign ownership,
a change in investor preferences or an increase in the number of ADSs outstanding could adversely affect the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs.

ADSs issued by companies in certain emerging
markets, including India, may trade at a discount or a premium to the underlying equity shares, in part because of the restrictions
on foreign ownership of the underlying equity shares. See also “
Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities
”.
Historically, our ADSs have generally traded at a small premium to the trading price of our underlying equity shares on the Indian
stock exchanges. See also “
Market Price Information
”. We believe that this price premium resulted from the limited
portion of our market capitalization represented by ADSs, restrictions imposed by Indian law on the conversion of equity shares
into ADSs and an apparent preference among some investors to trade dollar-denominated securities. In fiscal 2006 and fiscal 2008,
we conducted offerings of ADSs which increased the number of outstanding ADSs and we may conduct similar offerings in the future.
Also, over time, some of the restrictions on the issuance of ADSs imposed by Indian law have been relaxed. As a result, any premium
enjoyed by ADSs as compared to the equity shares may be reduced or eliminated as a result of offerings made or sponsored by us,
changes in Indian law permitting further conversion of equity shares into ADSs or a change in investor preferences.

Because the equity shares underlying ADSs are
quoted in rupees in India, you may be subject to potential losses arising out of exchange rate risk on the Indian rupee.

Investors who purchase ADSs are required
to pay for ADSs in U.S. dollars and are subject to currency fluctuation risk and convertibility risks since the equity shares underlying
ADSs are quoted in rupees on the Indian stock exchanges on which they are listed. Dividends on the equity shares will also be paid
in rupees and then converted into U.S. dollars for distribution to ADS investors. Investors who seek to convert the rupee proceeds
of a sale of equity shares withdrawn upon surrender of ADSs into foreign currency and repatriate the foreign currency may need
to obtain the approval of the Reserve Bank of India for each such transaction. See also “
—Your ability to sell in
India any equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion of rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign
currency and the repatriation of such foreign currency may be subject to delays if specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India
is required
” and “
Exchange Rates
”.

42

You may be subject to Indian taxes arising
out of capital gains.

In certain circumstances, capital gains
arising on the sale of the underlying equity shares are subject to Indian capital gains tax. Investors are advised to consult their
own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning ADSs or underlying equity shares. See also
“
Taxation—Indian Tax
”.

There may be less company information available
in Indian securities markets than in securities markets in the United States.

There is a difference between India and
the United States in the level of regulation and monitoring of the securities markets and the activities of investors, brokers
and other market participants. SEBI is responsible for improving disclosure and regulating insider trading and other matters for
the Indian securities markets. There may, however, be less publicly available information about Indian companies than is regularly
made available by public companies in the United States.

43

	Business

Overview

We are a diversified financial services
group offering a wide range of banking and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery channels.
Apart from banking products and services, we offer life and general insurance, asset management, securities broking and private
equity products and services through our specialized subsidiaries. Our total assets at year-end fiscal 2019 were Rs. 12,387.9 billion.
Our consolidated capital and reserves at year-end fiscal 2019 were Rs. 1,142.5 billion and our consolidated net profit for fiscal
2019 was Rs. 42.5 billion.

Our primary business consists of commercial
banking operations for Indian corporate and retail customers. We provide a range of commercial banking products and services, including
loan products, fee and commission-based products and services, deposit products and foreign exchange and derivatives products to
India’s leading corporations, middle market companies and small and medium enterprises. Our commercial banking operations
for retail customers consist of retail lending and deposit taking and distribution of third party insurance and investment products.
We also offer agricultural and rural banking products. We deliver our products and services through a variety of channels, including
bank branches, ATMs, call centers, the internet and mobile phones. ICICI Bank had a network of 4,874 branches and 14,987 ATMs in
India at year-end fiscal 2019.

In our international banking operations,
our primary focus is on offering products and services to persons of Indian origin, Indian businesses, select local businesses
and multi-national corporations with a focus on trade finance and commercial banking products, insured and other mortgage products
in our Canadian subsidiary, as well as deposit and remittance products to the larger community. Our overseas branches take deposits,
raise borrowings and make loans to Indian companies for their overseas operations as well as for their foreign currency requirements
in India, global multi-national corporations and local companies in their jurisdiction. They also engage in advisory and syndication
activities for fund-raising by Indian companies and their overseas operations. At year-end fiscal 2019, we had banking subsidiaries
in the United Kingdom and Canada, branches in China, Singapore, Dubai International Finance Centre, Sri Lanka, Hong Kong, the United
States, South Africa and Bahrain and representative offices in the United Arab Emirates, Bangladesh, Malaysia and Indonesia. Our
subsidiary in the United Kingdom has a branch in Frankfurt, Germany. Our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Canada and our
branches in Bahrain, Dubai, Singapore and Hong Kong have the largest share of our international assets and liabilities. See also
“
Risk factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our international operations increase the complexity of the risks
that we face
”.

Our treasury operations include the maintenance
and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign exchange and derivatives
products and services for corporate customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps. We take advantage
of movements in markets to earn treasury income. Our overseas branches and subsidiaries also have investments in bonds of non-India
financial institutions and in asset-backed securities.

We are also engaged in insurance, asset
management, securities business and private equity fund management through specialized subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company provide a wide range
of life and general insurance and asset management products and services to retail and corporate customers. ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company is one of the large private sector life insurance companies in India, with a market share of 10.3% in new business
written (on retail weighted received premium basis) during fiscal 2019 according to the Life Insurance Council. During fiscal 2017,
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company was listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the Bombay Stock Exchange
Limited, following the sale of 12.63% shareholding in the company by ICICI Bank through an offer for sale in an initial public
offering by the company. ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited, a 100% subsidiary of ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company, is one of the fund managers for the pension assets of Indian citizens (other than the mandated pension funds
of government employees) under the National Pension System for the private sector. This pension scheme was launched by the Indian
government in 2004 for all citizens on a voluntary basis, and has allowed professional fund managers to invest the scheme’s
funds since 2008. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company was the largest private sector general insurance company in India during
fiscal 2019, with a market share of 8.5% on a gross direct premium income basis according to the General Insurance Council. In
September 2017, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company was listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited
following the sale of shares (including sale of 7.0% shareholding in the company by ICICI Bank) through an initial public offering.
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company manages the ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, which was the second largest mutual fund in
India in terms of average funds under management for the three months ended March 31, 2019 according to the Association of Mutual
Funds in India. We cross-sell the products of our insurance and asset management subsidiaries and of other asset management companies
to our retail and corporate customers. Our subsidiaries ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities Primary

44

Dealership Limited are engaged in equity underwriting and brokerage
and primary dealership in government securities and fixed income market operations, respectively. ICICI Securities owns
icicidirect.com
,
an online brokerage platform. ICICI Securities Limited has a subsidiary in the United States, ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. that
in turn has an operating subsidiary in the United States, ICICI Securities Inc., which is engaged in brokerage services. In March
2018, we sold 20.78% shareholding in ICICI Securities Limited through an offer for sale in an initial public offering. ICICI Securities
Limited was listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and Bombay Stock Exchange of India Limited in April 2018. Our
private equity fund management subsidiary ICICI Venture Funds Management Company, manages funds that make private equity investments.
In fiscal 2013, ICICI Bank, in partnership with domestic and international banks and financial institutions, launched India’s
first infrastructure debt fund, India Infradebt Limited, structured as a non-banking finance company in which ICICI Bank has a
shareholding of 42.3% at March 31, 2019.

Our legal name is ICICI Bank Limited, but
we are known commercially as ICICI Bank. We were incorporated on January 5, 1994 under the laws of India as a limited liability
corporation. The duration of ICICI Bank is unlimited. Our principal corporate office is located at ICICI Bank Towers, Bandra-Kurla
Complex, Mumbai 400 051, India, our telephone number is +91 22 3366 7777 and our website address is www.icicibank.com. None of
the contents of our and our subsidiaries’ websites are incorporated in this annual report. Our agent for service of process
in the United States is Mr. Akashdeep Sarpal, Country Head, ICICI Bank Limited, New York Branch, 500 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2830,
New York, New York 10110.

History

ICICI was formed in 1955 at the initiative
of the World Bank, the government of India and Indian industry representatives. The principal objective was to create a development
financial institution for providing medium-term and long-term project financing to Indian businesses. Until the late 1980s, ICICI
primarily focused its activities on project finance, providing long-term funds to a variety of industrial projects. With the liberalization
of the financial sector in India in the 1990s, ICICI transformed its business from a development financial institution offering
only project finance to a diversified financial services provider that, along with its subsidiaries and other group companies,
offered a wide variety of products and services. As India’s economy became more market-oriented and integrated with the world
economy, ICICI capitalized on the new opportunities to provide a wider range of financial products and services to a broader spectrum
of clients. ICICI Bank was incorporated in 1994 as a part of the ICICI group.

The issue of universal banking, which in
the Indian context meant conversion of long-term lending institutions such as ICICI into commercial banks, had been discussed at
length in the late 1990s. Conversion into a bank offered ICICI the ability to accept low-cost demand deposits and offer a wider
range of products and services, and greater opportunities for earning non-fund based income in the form of banking fees and commissions.
ICICI Bank also considered various strategic alternatives in the context of the emerging competitive scenario in the Indian banking
industry. ICICI Bank identified a large capital base and size and scale of operations as key success factors in the Indian banking
industry. In view of the benefits of transformation into a bank and the Reserve Bank of India’s pronouncements on universal
banking, ICICI and ICICI Bank merged in 2002.

Shareholding Structure and Relationship with the Government
of India

The following table sets forth, at June
30, 2019, certain information regarding the ownership of our equity shares.

Percentage of Total Equity Shares Outstanding   Number of Equity Shares Held
Government Controlled Shareholders:
Life Insurance Corporation of India   7.9   508,824,087
General Insurance Corporation of India and government-owned general insurance companies   1.2   79,912,844
UTI and UTI Mutual Fund   1.2   76,690,262
Other government-controlled institutions, mutual funds, corporations and banks   0.3   19,680,440
Total government-controlled shareholders   10.6   685,107,633
Other Indian investors:
Individual domestic investors (1),(2)   6.9   446,772,218
HDFC Trustee Co. Ltd. (Various mutual fund accounts)/HDFC Large Cap Fund   4.0   258,078,728
SBI Mutual Fund/SBI Dual Advantage Fund and various other mutual fund accounts   2.8   179,682,984
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund (Various mutual fund accounts)   2.3   147,879,167

45

Percentage of Total Equity Shares Outstanding   Number of Equity Shares Held
Aditya Biarla Sun Life Trustee Pvt. Ltd.   2.0   126,873,460
Reliance Capital Trustee CO. Ltd./Reliance ETF/Reliance Emergent India Fund (Various mutual fund accounts).   2.0   130,065,875
Kotak capital fund (Various mutual fund accounts)   1.4   88,510,988
Other mutual funds and banks (other than government-controlled mutual funds and banks)   6.0   385,681,381
Other Indian corporations and others   4.8   308,936,159
Investor education protection fund   0.1   6,036,343
Total other Indian investors   32.3   2,078,517,303
Total Indian investors   42.9   2,763,624,936
Foreign investors:
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as depositary for ADS holders   23.9   1,544,078,751
Dodge and Cox International Stock Fund   3.7   241,112,376
Government of Singapore   1.3   83,205,994
Other foreign institutional investors, foreign banks, overseas corporate bodies, foreign companies, foreign nationals, foreign institutional investors and non-resident Indians (2)   28.2   1,820,574,239
Total foreign investors   57.1   3,688,971,360
Total   100.0   %   6,452,596,296

(1)   Executive officers and directors (including non-executive directors) as a group held about 0.03% of ICICI Bank’s equity
shares at June 30, 2019.

(2)   No single shareholder in this group owned 5.0% or more of ICICI Bank’s equity shares as of this date.

The holding of government-controlled shareholders
was 10.6% at June 30, 2019 against 12.4% at June 30, 2018 and 13.3% at June 30, 2017. The holding of Life Insurance Corporation
of India was 7.9% at June 30, 2019 against 9.4% at June 30, 2018 and 10.4% at June 30, 2017.

We operate as an autonomous commercial
enterprise and the Indian government has never directly held any of our shares. We are not aware of or a party to any shareholders’
agreement or voting trust relating to the ownership of the shares held by the government-controlled shareholders. We do not have
any agreement with our government-controlled shareholders regarding management control, voting rights, anti-dilution or any other
matter. Our Articles of Association provide for the government of India to appoint, pursuant to the provisions of guarantee agreements
between the government of India and ICICI, a representative to our Board. The government of India has appointed one representative
to our Board. We have generally invited a representative of Life Insurance Corporation of India to join our Board. Mr. V. K. Sharma,
Chairman of Life Insurance Corporation, our largest shareholder, was a member of our Board till March 31, 2019. Following the completion
of his prescribed primary tenure under the Companies Act, 2013 with the Bank, and his superannuation from the Life Insurance Corporation
of India, he ceased to be a director on our Board. See also
“Management—Directors and Executive Officers
”
for a discussion of the composition of our Board of Directors.

The holding of other Indian investors was
32.3% at June 30, 2019 against 27.3% at June 30, 2018 and 26.3% at June 30, 2017. The total holding of Indian investors was 42.9%
at June 30, 2019 against 39.7% at June 30, 2018 and 39.6% at June 30, 2017. The holding of foreign investors was 57.1% at June
30, 2019 against 60.3% at June 30, 2018 and 60.4% at June 30, 2017. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Ownership
Restrictions
”. Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas holds the equity shares represented by 772 million American Depositary
Receipts outstanding as depositary on behalf of the holders of the American Depositary Shares. The American Depositary Shares are
listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The Reserve Bank of India, exercising its powers under the Banking Regulation Act has notified
a ceiling of 15.0% on the voting rights of a single shareholder in a banking company. Therefore, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
(as depositary), which held approximately 23.9% of our equity shares at June 30, 2019 can only vote 15.0% of our equity shares.
In addition, under the terms of our deposit agreement, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas must vote these shares as directed
by our Board of Directors. Our ADS holders themselves have no voting rights unlike holders of our equity shares who have voting
rights. Except as stated above, no shareholder has differential voting rights. See also “
Overview of the Indian Financial
Sector—Structural Reforms— Amendments to the Banking Regulation Act
”.

46

Strategy

Our objective during fiscal 2019 was to
focus on risk-calibrated profitable growth in business. We continued to grow our credit portfolio with a focus on granularity and
improvement in the credit rating profile. We made progress in improving the portfolio mix by lending to higher rated well-established
corporates and reducing concentration risks. We continued to see healthy growth across retail portfolio. We maintained our efforts
on recovery and resolution of the non-performing assets. The additions to non-performing loans during the year reduced significantly,
while provisions remained elevated. As a result, the provision coverage ratio improved substantially. The Bank maintained a strong
capital position with capital adequacy ratios significantly above regulatory requirements.

Going forward, our strategic focus of growing
the core operating profits in a risk calibrated and granular manner would continue. The Bank seeks to build scalable and resilient
businesses while operating within the guardrails of risk management. Continuing to strengthen our deposit franchise is a key strategic
priority. We would seek to contain credit losses within the levels set by our enterprise risk management framework. A customer-centric
approach with ownership of growing the core operating profit at every level within the organization would be an important driver
in meeting our strategic objectives.

We would leverage our extensive geographical
reach, comprehensive range of products and services and state-of-the-art technology for providing superior customer experience.
We believe that there are significant opportunities across customer segments and their ecosystems. We will aim to provide a comprehensive
suite of financial services while profitably maximizing our share of these opportunities, including by entering into mutually beneficial
partnerships. We are leveraging technology and analytics for deeper insights into customer needs and behavior and making customer
onboarding and transacting smooth and frictionless. We would continue to invest in technologies to provide superior offerings to
customers.

We aim to be the trusted financial services
provider of choice for our customers and deliver products and services that create value. We will focus on consistent execution
of strategy, enhancing stakeholder confidence and shareholder value.

Overview of Our Products and Services

We offer products and services in the commercial
banking area to corporate and retail customers, both domestic and international. We also undertake treasury operations and offer
treasury-related products and services to our customers. We are also engaged in insurance, asset management, securities business
and private equity fund management through specialized subsidiaries.

Commercial Banking for Retail Customers

Our commercial banking operations for retail
customers consist of retail lending and deposits, credit, debit and prepaid cards, depositary share accounts, distribution of third
party investment and insurance products, other fee-based products and services, and the issuance of unsecured redeemable bonds.

Retail Lending Activities

Our retail lending activities include home
loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, business banking loans (including dealer funding and small ticket loans to
small businesses), personal loans, credit cards, loans against time deposits, loans against securities, loans against jewelry and
retail lending in rural markets. We also fund dealers who sell automobiles and commercial vehicles.

Our retail strategy focuses on leveraging
the branch network, digital channels, partnerships and presence in various ecosystems to expand our customer base. Our suite of
products and services to retail customers include savings, investment, credit and protection products based on customer needs,
along with convenient payment and transaction banking services. Cross-selling appropriate products to existing customers based
on analytics is a key element of this strategy.

Our retail portfolio increased from Rs.
3,207.9 billion constituting 54.0% of gross loans at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3,937.9 billion constituting 57.8% of gross loans
at year-end fiscal 2019. Including non-fund based outstanding, the proportion of retail portfolio to total portfolio was 46.4%
at March 31, 2019. Our secured retail portfolio constitutes 85.9% of the total retail portfolio with growth driven by categories
like mortgages, business banking loans, commercial business loans and loans to rural segments. Our unsecured products portfolio
has recorded strong growth in fiscal 2019 driven by personal loans which grew by 48.5% year-on-year and credit cards portfolio
which grew by 31.8%.

47

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, the break-down of our gross retail finance portfolio.

At March 31,
2017   2018   2019   2019   2019
(Rs. in billions)   (% share)   (US$ in millions)
Home loans   Rs.   1,528.4   Rs.   1,765.1   Rs.   2,091.9   53.1   %   US$   30,247
Automobile loans   256.1   294.9   318.8   8.1   4,610
Commercial business loans   150.3   173.2   227.2   5.8   3,285
Business banking(1)   77.4   113.5   161.7   4.1   2,337
Others(2),(3)   379.9   462.3   582.6   14.8   8,425
Total secured retail finance portfolio   2,392.1   2,809.0   3,382.2   85.9   %   48,904
Personal loans   143.7   211.8   314.6   8.0   4,549
Credit card receivables   75.5   96.6   127.3   3.2   1,840
Business banking(1)   49.5   61.7   74.9   1.9   1,084
Others(2)   28.8   28.8   38.9   1.0   562
Total unsecured retail finance portfolio   297.5   398.9   555.7   14.1   %   8,035
Total retail finance portfolio   Rs.   2,689.6   Rs.   3,207.9   Rs.   3,937.9   100.0   %   US$   56,939

(1)   Includes dealer financing and small ticket loans to small businesses.

(2)   Includes rural loans.

(3)   Includes loans against foreign currency non-resident (bank) deposits of Rs. 64.5 billion at March 31, 2019.

Home loans

Our home loan portfolio includes both loans
for the purchase and construction of homes as well as loans against property. Our policies for home loans are based on certain
stipulated ratios such as the loan-to-value ratio and the ratio of fixed debt obligations to a borrower’s income. The Reserve
Bank of India has stipulated the loan-to-value ratios for small size loans and capped the loan-to-value ratio at 90% for home loans
up to Rs. 3.0 million, and at 80% for home loans between Rs. 3.0 million and Rs. 7.5 million. Loans above Rs. 7.5 million have
a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 75.0%. The initial repayment term of such loans is 15 to 20 years with payments in the form of
equated monthly installments. We follow robust credit appraisal processes for loan-against-property. The average ticket size of
the loan-against-property portfolio is low and the loan-to-values are conservative. Lending is based on cash flows of business/individuals
and not just the value of the collateral. We also provide loans to customers belonging to economically weaker sections and customers
buying homes in the low-cost affordable housing segment. The loan amount under this segment is generally up to Rs. 3.0 million.

Our home loan portfolio primarily comprises
floating rate loans, where any change in the benchmark rate to which the rate of interest on the loan is referenced is passed on
to the borrower on the interest reset date at periodic intervals. Any decrease in the rate of interest payable on floating rate
home loans is generally implemented by an acceleration of the repayment schedule, keeping the monthly installment amount unchanged.
Any increase in the rate of interest payable on floating rate home loans is generally effected in the first instance by an extension
of the repayment schedule, keeping the monthly installment amount unchanged.
See also “Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and volatility in interest
rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations,
the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance”.

We offer home loan products primarily in
India through ICICI Bank and our wholly owned subsidiary, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited. The loan portfolio of our housing
finance subsidiary includes home loans, loan-against-property, consumer durable loans and loans to developers among others. ICICI
Home Finance Company Limited has been growing its loan portfolio, primarily home and loan-against-property. The loan portfolio
of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited increased from Rs. 96.5 billion at March 31, 2018 to Rs. 133.3 billion at March 31, 2019.
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited raises funds through bonds and debentures, commercial papers, fixed deposits and refinance from
National Housing Bank. In fiscal 2019, it also raised funds through external commercial borrowings. At March 31, 2019, ICICI Home
Finance Company Limited, had a branch network of 105 standalone branches.

Our banking subsidiary in Canada offers
residential mortgages in the local market. At year-end fiscal 2019, ICICI Bank Canada held total residential mortgages amounting
to CAD 3,548 million (Rs. 182.9 billion) at year-end fiscal 2019 as compared to CAD 3,388 million (Rs. 174.6 billion) at year-end
fiscal 2018. This includes mortgages of CAD

48

2,795 million (Rs. 144.1 billion) at year-end fiscal 2019 as
compared to CAD 2,832 million (Rs. 146.0 billion) at year-end fiscal 2018 securitized under the Canadian National Housing Act —Mortgage
Backed Securities program or through participation in the Canada Mortgage Bonds program.

Automobile loans

We finance the purchase of new and used
automobiles. Automobile loans are fixed rate products repayable in equal monthly installments. The interest rate is based on factors
such as customer relationship, car segment and tenure of loan, among others, for new automobiles and age and segment of car, tenure
of loan and product variant like top up or refinance, for used automobiles. Our automobile loans typically range from Rs. 200,000
to Rs. 5,000,000 in size with tenors in the range of 23 to 84 months and yields ranging from 9.3%-15.0%.

Commercial business loans

We finance the purchase of commercial vehicles
and equipment. Commercial business loans are fixed rate products repayable in equal monthly installments. Our commercial business
customers include large fleet operators in the medium commercial vehicle and heavy commercial vehicle categories.

Business banking

We see business banking as a segment with
high potential for growth, given our historically small credit portfolio in this segment relative to other banks. Our business
banking customers include proprietorship firms, partnership firms and private limited companies. The average ticket size of loans
in this segment is about Rs. 10.0-15.0 million. The loans are generally secured by collateral in the form of property apart from
a charge on current assets. We also fund dealers who sell automobiles and commercial vehicles.

Personal loans and credit cards

We also offer unsecured products such as
personal loans and credit cards to our customers. In fiscal 2008, following the global financial crisis leading to increase in
interest rates, tightening liquidity and challenging macro-economic environment and changes in regulations pertaining to the use
of recovery agents by banks, we witnessed higher than anticipated losses in the unsecured retail portfolio. We reduced incremental
lending in personal loans and credit card issuances, resulting in a decline in the overall unsecured retail lending portfolio.
Since fiscal 2013, we have been growing our personal loans and credit card lending portfolio, primarily by offering these products
to our existing customers. During fiscal 2019, ICICI Bank’s personal loan disbursements, at Rs. 215.7 billion, were about
15.3% of total retail loan disbursements. Our personal loans typically range from Rs. 50,000 to Rs. 4,000,000 in size with tenors
of one to five years and yields ranging from 11-22%. Our personal loans portfolio increased from Rs. 211.8 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018 to Rs. 314.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The number of outstanding credit cards increased from around 5.0 million
at year-end fiscal 2018 to about 6.6 million at year-end fiscal 2019. The credit card receivables portfolio increased from Rs.
96.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 127.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The proportion of unsecured retail loans in
the total retail portfolio was 14.1% at year-end fiscal 2019 compared to 12.4% at year-end fiscal 2018.

Retail lending for rural customers

Our rural banking operation caters to the
financial requirements of customers in rural and semi-urban locations. We offer a product suite covering the rural value chain
including farmers, commodity traders, seed and farm input dealers, processors, consumer product dealers and rural entrepreneurs.
Our products include working capital loans for growing crops, financing post-harvest activities, farm equipment loans, financing
against warehouse receipt and loans against gold jewelry along with personal loans, affordable housing finance and auto loans.
We also provide consumption loans for low-income customers. We offer financial solutions to micro-finance institutions, self-help
groups, co-operatives constituted by farmers, corporations and medium enterprises engaged in agriculture-linked businesses.

We provide financing to farmers for agriculture
and allied activities in the form of working capital loans through the kisan credit card. Our kisan credit card portfolio at year-end
fiscal 2019 was Rs. 190.2 billion. In fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019, some state governments announced agriculture loan waiver schemes
for farmers which resulted in non-repayment of loans by some farmers residing in those states. While the cost of such schemes is
borne by the state governments, such schemes or borrowers’ expectations of such schemes have resulted in higher delinquencies
in the kisan credit card portfolio for banks, including us.
See also “—Loan Portfolio—Directed Lending”
.

Rural banking services are offered through
multiple channels including branches, micro ATMs, point of sale terminals and mobile branches. Our rural customers can also avail
themselves of basic banking facilities at retail outlets

49

like grocery shops and customer service points through business
correspondents. In fiscal 2017, the Bank launched a mobile application, Mera iMobile, which allows users, including non-ICICI Bank
customers, in rural areas to access banking services as well as information on agricultural services, crop prices, news and weather.
This application provides around 135 services and is available in English and several Indian regional languages.

Rural banking presents significant challenges
in terms of geographical coverage and high unit transaction costs. We continuously explore various models for operating through
cost effective structures in rural locations, including technology-based channels and have opened 556 branches in villages that
were previously unbanked.
See also “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Entry into new businesses
or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business”.

We have also pursued initiatives focused on building banking habits and creating wealth for rural customers. We have pursued initiatives
to empower villages, along with ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth, that has focused on promoting a cashless ecosystem and skill
development of villagers. On a cumulative basis, the ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth has provided skill development training
to eligible residents in over 1,200 villages till fiscal 2019.

Retail Deposits

Our retail deposit products include time
deposits and savings account deposits. We also offer targeted products to specific customer segments such as high net worth individuals,
defense personnel, trusts and businessmen. We also offer corporate salary account products and current account (i.e., checking
accounts for businesses) products to our small enterprise customers, who maintain balances with us. Further, we offer an international
debit card in association with VISA International. At year-end fiscal 2019, we had a debit card base in excess of 44 million cards.

We continuously focus on increasing our
current and savings account deposit and retail term deposit base. Our endeavour is to maintain a healthy and stable funding profile
and our competitive advantage in cost of funds. We have been expanding our offerings through mobile phones, including mobile banking
applications for account access and various transactions and services. We open new customer accounts by using tablets to capture
customer information digitally. By offering our products and services through technology-enabled channels, we aim to improve the
customer experience as well as the efficiency of our operations. In fiscal 2019, we launched the ‘Advantage Woman Aura Savings
Account’, an account exclusively for working women in India and ‘The One’, a premium savings account for salaried
and self-employed professionals in the age group of 35-50 years. These products offer a bouquet of benefits to meet the life-stage
needs of the customers. We also launched ‘FD Xtra’, a fixed/recurring deposit product offering a bouquet of additional
benefits like monthly income, life insurance cover, systematic investments and credit card.

For a description of the Reserve Bank of
India’s regulations applicable to deposits in India and required deposit insurance, see “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations
Relating to Deposits” and “Supervision and Regulation—Deposit Insurance
”. For more information on the
type, cost and maturity profile of our deposits, see “
—Funding
”

Fee-Based Products and Services

Through our distribution network, we offer
various products including government of India savings bonds, insurance policies, bullion and public offerings of equity shares
and debt securities by Indian companies. We offer several card-based products such as credit cards, debit cards, prepaid cards,
travel cards and commercial cards. We also offer a variety of mutual fund products. We levy services charges on deposit accounts.

We also offer foreign exchange products
to retail customers including sale of currency notes, traveler’s checks and travel cards. We also facilitate retail inward
remittances from foreign geographies. In fiscal 2019, we enabled blockchain-based processing for outward remittance from India
to Canada.

As a depositary participant of the National
Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited, we offer depositary share accounts to settle securities
transactions in a dematerialized mode. Further, we are one of the banks designated by the Reserve Bank of India for issuing approvals
to non-resident Indians and overseas corporate bodies to trade in shares and convertible debentures on the Indian stock exchanges.

Commercial Banking for Small and Medium Enterprises

We offer a comprehensive suite of banking
products and solutions to small and medium enterprises. We are also providing tailored products and services for enabling wide-ranging
support to small and medium enterprises. We have strengthened our capabilities in assessing credit risks across various sectors
with risk management practices focused on enhancing the portfolio quality by reducing concentration risk and to focus on granular
and collateralized-lending based growth. With a view to increasing the risk adjusted operating profit from the portfolio, reliance
is also placed on harnessing opportunities across transaction banking, foreign exchange and personal banking solutions with the
small and medium enterprises.

50

We offer online end-to-end supply chain
financing solutions and vendor bill discounting through funding to the channel partners of large corporate clients to meet the
working capital needs of small businesses. We are offering transaction banking, foreign exchange and personal banking solutions
to small and medium enterprises. In fiscal 2019, we launched several digital products for meeting the business and transaction
banking requirements of small and medium enterprises, including digital opening of current accounts, instant digitally processed
overdraft facilities, enhancements in the digital trade platform ‘Trade Online’ and ‘Corporate Internet Banking’
enabling general banking transactions and export-import transactions online without visiting the branch. We also launched a digital
financial supply chain platform with integrated payment solutions that helps in streamlining delivery systems across the entire
value chain of companies. We are also focusing on harnessing available digital data and scaling-up digital lending to small and
medium enterprises. We have specialized teams for current accounts (i.e. checking accounts), trade finance, cash management services
and door-step banking. We have recently reorganized our small and medium enterprises business to improve our focus and ability
to meet their financial requirements. We have divided the small and medium enterprises on the basis of turnover, with enterprises
having a turnover of less than Rs. 2.5 billion to be focused upon by the retail business group and enterprises with turnover greater
than Rs. 2.5 billion to be focused upon by the wholesale business group.

We are also proactively reaching out to
small and medium enterprises through various initiatives. We conduct knowledge sessions and have created a platform “Beyond
Banking” that gives exposure to sectoral insights, global best practices, business expansion opportunities and media recognition.
“SME Empower” is an online business-to-business marketplace that enables them to buy and sell products online; the
“SME toolkit” is an online business and advisory resource for small and medium enterprises; and the “Emerging
India Awards” and “SME Elite 50”—a recognition platform for small and medium enterprises.

Commercial Banking for Corporate Customers

We provide a range of commercial and investment
banking products and services to India’s leading corporations and middle market companies. Our product suite includes working
capital and term loan products, fee and commission-based products and services, deposits and foreign exchange and derivatives products.
The Corporate Banking Group focuses on origination and coverage of all corporate clients. The Corporate Banking Group comprises
relationship and credit teams. The Commercial Banking Group is responsible for growing the trade services and transaction banking
business through identified branches, while working closely with the corporate relationship teams. The Markets Group provides foreign
exchange and other treasury products to corporations. The Project Finance Group focuses on management of the project finance portfolio
and evaluation of new project financing proposals. We seek to syndicate corporate debt among domestic and international banks and
institutions.

Corporate Loan Portfolio

Our corporate loan portfolio consists of
project and corporate finance (including structured finance and cross-border acquisition financing) and working capital financing.
For further details on our loan portfolio, see “
—Loan Portfolio—Loan Concentration
”. For a description
of our credit rating and approval system, see “
—Risk Management—Credit Risk
”.

Historically, project financing has constituted
a significant portion of our loan portfolio, though we have now adopted a cautious and selective approach to project financing.
Our project finance portfolio consists principally of extending medium-term and long-term rupee and foreign currency loans to the
manufacturing and infrastructure sectors. We also provide financing by way of investment in marketable instruments such as fixed
rate and floating rate debentures. We generally have a security interest and first charge on the fixed assets of the borrower.
Our working capital financing consists mainly of cash credit facilities, overdraft, demand loans and non-fund based facilities
including bill discounting, letters of credit and guarantees.

From fiscal 2012, the Indian corporate
sector experienced several challenges, after a previous cycle of sharp growth in corporate loans, including in the infrastructure
and commodity sectors. The Indian economy experienced challenges in terms of high inflation, higher interest rates and currency
depreciation. The corporate sector experienced a decline in sales and profit growth, an elongation of working capital cycles and
a high level of receivables, and significant challenges in project completion and cash flow generation, due to policy changes,
delays in approvals and judicial decisions. Indian corporations, especially in the infrastructure and industrial sectors, had limited
ability to access capital in view of the macroeconomic environment and volatility in global and domestic financial markets. From
fiscal 2014 onwards, these developments led to an increase in non-performing and restructured corporate loans in the Indian banking
sector, including us, and a substantial moderation in overall loan growth, driven primarily by lower growth in credit to the corporate
sector. The significant decline in global commodity prices in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016, including metals, coal and crude oil,
negatively impacted borrowers in commodity-linked sectors. Capital investments in the economy remained subdued, impacting corporations
in investment-linked sectors like construction.

51

Due to lower than projected cash flows, the progress in reducing
leverage in the corporate sector was slow. Further, from fiscal 2016, the Reserve Bank of India initiated several measures to accelerate
recognition and increase provisioning towards stressed accounts in the corporate sector. As a result, there was a significant increase
in the level of additions to non-performing loans, including slippages from restructured loans into non-performing status for the
banking sector, including us, from fiscal 2016. The revised framework for resolution of stressed assets, released by the Reserve
Bank of India in February 2018, accelerated the recognition of stressed accounts as non-performing in fiscal 2018. During fiscal
2019, the additions to non-performing loans, for the banking system, including us, moderated and a few large accounts referred
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code were resolved during the year.

We have adopted a cautious approach in
incremental lending by focusing on lending to higher rated corporates and adopting a revised framework for management of concentration
risk. We believe that the significant improvement in our deposit franchise and funding costs in the last five years enables us
to pursue lending to higher rated corporates profitably. We continue to focus on financing opportunities in the corporate sector
based on appropriate risk assessment and pricing. For more details on our credit risk procedures, see “
—Risk Management—Credit
Risk
”. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our level of non-performing assets
is elevated, and if the level of non-performing assets increases further and the overall quality of our loan portfolio continues
to deteriorate, our business will suffer
” and “
Business—Strategy
” and “
Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects—Executive Summary—Business environment—Trends in fiscal 2019
”.

Fee and Commission-Based Activities

We generate fee income through our lending,
transaction banking, syndication and foreign exchange related solutions provided to our corporate customers. We also offer our
corporate customers a wide variety of fee and commission-based products and services including documentary credits and standby
letters of credit (called guarantees in India).

We offer commercial banking services such
as cash management services (such as collection, payment and remittance services), escrow, trust and retention account facilities,
online payment facilities, custodial services and tax filing and collection services on behalf of the government of India and the
governments of Indian states. At year-end fiscal 2019, total assets held in custody on behalf of our clients (mainly foreign institutional
investors, offshore funds, overseas corporate bodies and depositary banks for GDR investors) were Rs. 3,226.8 billion. As a registered
depositary participant of National Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited, the two securities
depositaries operating in India, we also provide electronic depositary facilities to investors.

Corporate Deposits

We offer a variety of deposit products
to our corporate customers including current accounts, time deposits and certificates of deposits. For more information on the
type, cost and maturity profile of our deposits, see “
—Funding
”.

Foreign Exchange and Derivatives

We provide customer specific products and
services, which cater to risk hedging needs of corporations at domestic and international locations, arising out of currency and
interest rate fluctuations. The products and services include:

·   Foreign Exchange Products

Products include cash, tom, spot and forwards
transactions. We offer customized hedging and trading solutions to clients, on the basis of their business needs. These products
are offered in India and across our international locations.

·   Derivatives

We offer derivative products including
interest rate swaps, currency swaps and options in all major currencies.

Commercial Banking for International Customers

Our strategy for growth in international
markets is based on leveraging home country links and technology for international expansion in selected international markets.
Our international strategy has focused on building a retail deposit franchise in geographies where we have such licenses, making
loans to global multi-national corporations, meeting the foreign currency needs of our Indian corporate clients, taking select
non-India trade finance exposures, and lending to corporations in the local jurisdiction. We have also focused on building stable
wholesale funding sources and strong syndication capabilities to support our corporate and investment banking business, and to
expand private banking operations for India-centric asset classes. We are repositioning our international business strategy to
sharpen our focus on the non-resident Indian community and India-linked trade.

52

At March 31, 2019, we had subsidiaries
in the United Kingdom and Canada, branches in Bahrain, Dubai International Finance Center, Hong Kong, China, Singapore, Sri Lanka,
South Africa and the United States and representative offices in Bangladesh, Indonesia, Malaysia and the United Arab Emirates.
Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom had established one branch each in Antwerp, Belgium and Frankfurt, Germany under the European
Union Passporting Arrangement. Following the United Kingdom voting to withdraw from the European Union, and while negotiations
are yet to be concluded, our subsidiary has obtained a third-country license for its branch in Frankfurt, Germany. The subsidiary
closed its branch in Belgium during fiscal 2019.

Many of the commercial banking products
that we offer through our overseas branches and subsidiaries, as well as to international customers from our domestic network,
such as debt financing, trade finance and letters of credit, are similar to the products offered to our customers in India. Some
of the products and services that are unique to international customers are:

·   Remittance services: We continue to maintain a significant position in remittances from abroad through our diversified products
and service offerings to meet the requirements of the non-resident Indian diaspora. We have been expanding access to services through
our wide branch network, internet-based remittance solutions and new partnerships and channels with correspondents all over the
world. We have partnerships with over 200 correspondent banks and exchange houses across 40 countries worldwide to facilitate inward
remittances into India. We have pursued greater integration of our systems with our partners to enable seamless processing and
faster fund transfers. In fiscal 2016, we launched “Money2World”, a fully-online outward remittance service. Through
this service, even non-account holders of ICICI Bank can transfer money online from any bank account in India to any bank account
overseas in 16 major currencies. The Bank’s key platform for inward remittances, Money2India, has a host of features to make
the platform more user friendly, reduce transaction time and offer seamless experience on a single interface (login) for non-resident
Indians customers to transfer money to India. ICICI Bank became the first bank in India and one of the first few globally to successfully
execute remittance transactions using blockchain technology.

·   TradeWay: An Internet-based document collection product to provide correspondent banks access to real-time online information
on the status of their export bills collections routed through us.

·   Remittance Tracker: An Internet-based application that allows a correspondent bank to check on the status of its payment instructions
and to get various information reports online.

·   Offshore banking deposits: Multi-currency deposit products in U.S. dollar, pound sterling and Euro.

·   Foreign currency non-resident deposits: Foreign currency deposits offered in nine main currencies—U.S. dollar, pound
sterling, Euro, yen, Canadian dollar, Singapore dollar, Australian dollar, Hong Kong dollar and Swiss franc.

·   Non-resident external fixed deposits: Deposits maintained in Indian rupees.

·   Non-resident external savings account: Savings accounts maintained in Indian rupees.

·   Non-resident ordinary savings accounts and non-resident ordinary fixed deposits.

Total assets (net of inter-office balances)
of ICICI Bank’s overseas branches at year-end fiscal 2019 were Rs. 890.5 billion and total advances were Rs. 630.3 billion
compared to total assets of Rs. 931.4 billion and total advances of Rs. 644.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Our overseas branches
are primarily funded by bond issuances, syndicated loans from banks, money market borrowings, inter-bank bilateral loans and borrowings
from external commercial agencies. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our funding is primarily
short-term and if depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely affected
”.

Our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom
and Canada are full service banks offering retail and corporate banking services. These subsidiaries offer direct banking using
the internet as the access channel. Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom offers loans to corporate businesses, including to Europe-based
multinational corporations which have active trade and investment flows with India, large businesses owned by persons of Indian
origin and for Indian corporations seeking to develop their overseas businesses. Our subsidiary in Canada originates residential
mortgages, primarily those insured and qualifying for federal government insurance and offers loans to Indian corporations seeking
to develop their business overseas, and both Canadian and US corporations.

At year-end fiscal 2019, ICICI Bank UK
PLC had eight branches in the United Kingdom and a branch in Germany. At year-end fiscal 2019, the total assets of ICICI Bank UK
PLC were US$ 3.8 billion. ICICI Bank UK PLC incurred a net loss of US$ 53 million during fiscal 2019, compared to a net loss of
US$ 26 million during fiscal 2018.

53

At year-end fiscal 2019, loans and advances of ICICI Bank UK
PLC were US$ 2.4 billion and investments were US$ 0.9 billion.

At year-end fiscal 2019, ICICI Bank Canada
had eight branches and total assets of CAD 6.6 billion. ICICI Bank Canada earned a net profit of CAD 52 million in fiscal 2019
as compared to a net profit of CAD 44 million in fiscal 2018. At year-end fiscal 2019, loans and advances of ICICI Bank Canada
were CAD 5.8 billion and investments were CAD 0.6 billion. Loans and advances includes CAD 3.5 billion of residential mortgages,
of which CAD 2.9 billion was insured mortgages.

See also
 “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Financial instability in other countries, particularly emerging market
countries and countries where we have established operations, could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs
” and “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our international operations increase
the complexity of the risks that we face
”.

Delivery Channels

We deliver our products and services through
a variety of channels, ranging from traditional bank branches to ATMs, call centers, the Internet and mobiles. At year-end fiscal
2019, we had a network of 4,874 branches across several Indian states.

The following table sets forth the number
of branches broken down by area at year-end fiscal 2019.

At March 31, 2018   At March 31, 2019
Number of branches and extension counters (1)   % of total   Number of branches and extension counters (1)   % of total
Metropolitan   1,443   29.6   %   1,438   29.5   %
Urban   991   20.4   991   20.3
Semi-urban   1,449   29.8   1,453   29.8
Rural   984   20.2   992   20.4
Total branches and extension counters   4,867   100.0   %   4,874   100.0   %

1.   Classification of branches as per population census 2011.

As a part of its branch licensing conditions,
the Reserve Bank of India has stipulated that at least 25.0% of our new banking outlets must be located in tier 5 and tier 6 centers
defined on the basis of the population size according to the 2011 census. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations
Relating to the Opening of Branches
”. At year-end fiscal 2019, we were in compliance with this condition. At year-end
fiscal 2019, we had 14,987 ATMs, of which 5,237 were located at our branches. We view our branch as key points of customer acquisition
and service. The branch network serves as an integrated channel for deposit mobilization and selected retail asset origination.

We believe that developments in technology
are changing the way customers engage with banks and meet their banking needs. We offer our products and services through a number
of technology-enabled channels. We are expanding our suite of services through mobile telephones, including mobile banking applications
for account access and various transactions, and a mobile wallet. Our mobile banking application, iMobile, offers more than 250
services which are available across all mobile platforms. During fiscal 2019, we enhanced the features in our mobile banking application
by introducing an intuitive interface, ‘Discover’, which enables customers to track personal spends and deliverables.
The mobile application, iMobile was also enhanced to enable setting limits on cards, get instant digital credit of up to Rs. 20,000
and save frequently made transactions as favorites. The mobile application also allows customers to manage their entire investment
journey through ‘Money Coach’, an automated personal finance management and mutual fund platform. Our customers can
perform a wide range of transactions at our ATMs. We are also deploying automated devices, such as cash acceptance machines and
insta-banking kiosks to improve customer experience as well as efficiency of our operations. Our employees open new customer accounts
by using tablets to capture customer information digitally. Through our website, www.icicibank.com, we offer our customers, both
retail and corporate, online access to account information, payment and fund transfer facilities and various other services including
purchase of investment and insurance products. We provide telephone banking facilities through our call centers. Our customers
can also access their accounts and perform transactions via social media platforms. During fiscal 2017, we introduced Chatbots,
an artificial intelligence enabled chat feature to perform various banking transactions. iPal, an artificial intelligence powered
virtual personal assistant was launched by us in fiscal 2018, which is available on both website and mobile application.

54

We worked closely with the National Payments Corporation of
India for the development of the Unified Payment Interface, a payment platform which allows instant fund transfer to any bank
account using a virtual payment address, without requiring bank account details. The Unified Payment Interface has been promoted
by us through various platforms, such as our mobile application and our digital wallet. In fiscal 2018, we entered into an arrangement
as a financial partner with web-based service providers, such as cab aggregators and an online food delivery platform, for enabling
digital transactions for customers through our mobile application, iMobile, and digital wallet, Pockets. We developed a mobile
application for merchants in India, ‘Eazypay’, which allows merchants to accept payments on mobile phones through
multiple modes including credit/debit cards of any bank, internet banking and our digital wallet. See also
“—Technology”
.

Investment Banking

Our investment banking operations principally
consist of ICICI Bank’s treasury operations and the operations of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited and ICICI Securities
Limited.

Treasury

Through our treasury operations, we seek
to manage our balance sheet, including the maintenance of required regulatory reserves, and to optimize profits from our trading
portfolio by taking advantage of market opportunities. Our domestic trading and securities portfolio includes our regulatory reserve
portfolio, as there is no restriction on active management of our regulatory reserve portfolio. Our treasury operations include
a range of products and services for corporate and small enterprise customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and
currency swaps, and foreign exchange products and services. See also “—
Commercial Banking for Corporate Customers—Foreign
Exchange and Derivatives
”.

Our treasury undertakes liquidity management
by seeking to maintain an optimum level of liquidity, complying with the cash reserve ratio requirement and seeking to maintain
the smooth functioning of all our branches. We maintain a balance between interest-earning liquid assets and cash to optimize earnings
and undertake reserve management by maintaining statutory reserves, including the cash reserve ratio and the statutory liquidity
ratio. At year-end fiscal 2019, ICICI Bank was required to maintain the statutory liquidity ratio requirement percentage at 19.25%
of its domestic net demand and time liabilities by way of approved securities such as government of India securities and state
government securities. We maintain the statutory liquidity ratio through a portfolio of government of India securities that we
actively manage to optimize the yield and benefit from price movements. Further, as a prudent liquidity management strategy, we
generally maintain excess investments in securities eligible for classification under the statutory liquidity ratio requirement.
We maintain liquidity coverage ratio, as required under Basel III, both on a standalone basis and at the group level. The minimum
requirement is 100% since January 1, 2019. The liquidity coverage ratio requirement is met by investment in high quality liquid
assets which are primarily in the form of government securities and better-rated corporate bonds. During fiscal 2019, we maintained
a liquidity coverage ratio on a standalone basis and at the group level above the stipulated requirements. See also “
Supervision
and Regulation—Legal Reserve Requirements
”.

ICICI Bank engages in domestic investments
and foreign exchange operations from a centralized trading floor in Mumbai. As a part of our treasury activities, we also maintain
proprietary trading portfolios in domestic debt and equity securities and in foreign currency assets. Our treasury manages our
foreign currency exposures and the foreign exchange and risk hedging derivative products offered to our customers and engages in
proprietary trading in currencies. Our investment and market risk policies are approved by the Board of Directors.

ICICI Bank’s domestic investment
portfolio is classified into three categories —held-to-maturity, available-for-sale and held-for-trading. Investments are
classified as held-to-maturity subject to the current regulation issued by the Reserve Bank of India. Investments acquired by us
with the intention to trade by taking advantage of the short-term price/interest rate movements are classified as held-for trading.
The investments which do not fall in the above two categories are classified as available-for-sale. Investments under the held-for-trading
category should be sold within 90 days. Under each category the investments are classified under (a) government securities (b)
other approved securities (c) shares (d) bonds and debentures (e) subsidiaries and joint ventures and (f) others. Investments classified
under the held-to-maturity category are not marked to market and are carried at acquisition cost, unless the acquisition cost is
more than the face value, in which case the premium is amortized over the period until maturity of such securities. At year-end
fiscal 2019, 77.0% of ICICI Bank’s government securities portfolio was in the held-to-maturity category. Any premium over
the face value of investments in government securities, classified as available-for-sale, is amortized over the period until maturity
of such securities. The individual securities in the available-for-sale category are marked to market. Investments under this category
are valued security-wise and depreciation/appreciation is aggregated for each classification. Net depreciation, if any, is provided
for. Net appreciation, if any, is ignored. The individual securities in the held-for-trading category are accounted for in a similar
manner as those in the available-for-sale category.

55

The following tables set forth, at the
dates indicated, certain information related to our available-for-sale investments portfolio.

At March 31, 2017
Amortized cost   Gross unrealized gain   Gross unrealized loss   Fair value
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   73,836   Rs.   2,198   Rs.   (368   )   Rs.   75,666
Government securities   287,716   1,137   (48   )   288,805
Other debt securities   166,709   1,189   (495   )   167,403
Total debt securities   528,261   4,524   (911   )   531,874
Equity securities   86,066   34,703   (14,786   )   105,983
Other investments (1)   68,550   13,579   (984   )   81,145
Total   Rs.   682,877   Rs.   52,806   Rs.   (16,681   )   Rs.   719,002

(1)   Includes preference shares, mutual fund units, venture fund units and security receipts.

At March 31, 2018
Amortized cost   Gross unrealized gain   Gross unrealized loss   Fair value
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   157,992   Rs.   1,461   Rs.   (1,664   )   Rs.   157,789
Government securities   350,051   821   (716   )   350,156
Other debt securities   193,298   115   (1,301   )   192,112
Total debt securities   701,341   2,397   (3,681   )   700,057
Equity securities   109,138   40,839   (18,615   )   131,362
Other investments (1)   70,657   11,410   (4,568   )   77,499
Total   Rs.   881,136   Rs.   54,646   Rs.   (26,864   )   Rs.   908,918

(1)   Includes preference shares, mutual fund units, venture fund units and security receipts.

At March 31, 2019
Amortized cost   Gross unrealized gain   Gross unrealized loss   Fair value
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   155,043   Rs.   2,392   Rs.   (1,139   )   Rs.   156,296
Government securities   348,982   1,855   (106   )   350,732
Other debt securities   197,290   2,625   (886   )   199,028
Total debt securities   701,315   6,872   (2,131   )   706,056
Equity securities   129,583   34,546   (26,518   )   137,611
Other investments (1)   61,590   5,980   (1,998   )   65,573
Total   Rs.   892,488   Rs.   47,398   Rs.   (30,647   )   Rs.   909,240

The investments in corporate debt securities
decreased from Rs. 158.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 155.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2019, primarily due to a decrease
in investment in debt securities by ICICI Bank, offset, in part, by an increase in investments in debt securities by ICICI Bank
UK. The investment in government securities decreased marginally from Rs. 350.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 349.0 billion
at year-end fiscal 2019. Investments in other debt securities increased from Rs. 193.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 197.3
billion at year-end fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in investment in bankers’ acceptance by ICICI Bank Canada and
investments in pass through certificates by ICICI Bank, offset, in part, by a decrease in investment in commercial papers and certificate
of deposits by ICICI Bank. Investments in equity shares increased from Rs. 109.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 129.6 billion
at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in the equity portfolio of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.
Other investments decreased from Rs. 70.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 61.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

56

Net unrealized gain on debt
investments was Rs. 4.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 compared to net unrealized loss of Rs. 1.3 billion at year-end fiscal
2018. Net unrealized gain on corporate debt securities was Rs. 1.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 compared to net unrealized
loss of Rs. 0.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Net unrealized gain on other debt securities was Rs. 1.7 billion at year-end
fiscal 2019 compared to net unrealized loss of Rs. 1.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Net unrealized gain on government
securities increased from Rs. 0.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The yields on
the benchmark 10-year government securities increased from 7.4% at year-end fiscal 2018 to over 8.0% at September 2018 and
subsequently declined to 7.4% at year-end fiscal 2019. Net unrealized gain on equity securities decreased from Rs. 22.2
billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 8.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to decrease in market value of
equity portfolio for ICICI Bank, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited. Net unrealized gain on other investments decreased from Rs. 6.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 4.0 billion
at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in net unrealized gain on security receipts issued by asset
reconstruction companies, offset, in part, by decrease in net unrealized loss on preference shares.

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, income from available-for-sale securities.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2019   2019
(in millions)
Interest   Rs.   34,736   Rs.   37,152   Rs.   43,040   US$   622
Dividend   1,416   1,322   1,721   25
Total   Rs.   36,152   Rs.   38,474   Rs.   44,761   US$   647
Gross realized gain   14,489   41,715   32,690   US$   473
Gross realized loss   (2,721   )   (3,934   )   (7,823   )   (113   )
Total   Rs.   11,768   Rs.   37,781   Rs.   24,867   US$   360

Interest and dividend income from our available-for-sale
securities portfolio increased from Rs. 38.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 44.8 billion in fiscal 2019. The net realized gain from
our available-for-sale securities decreased from Rs. 37.8 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 24.9 billion in fiscal 2019. Net realized
gain in fiscal 2018 included gain of Rs. 17.1 billion on sale of equity shares of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
through its initial public offer.

The following table sets forth, at the
date indicated, an analysis of the maturity profile of our investments in debt securities classified as available-for-sale investments,
and yields thereon. This maturity profile is based on repayment dates and does not reflect re-pricing dates of floating rate investments.

At March 31, 2019
Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years
Amount   Yield   Amount   Yield   Amount   Yield   Amount   Yield
(in millions, except percentages)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   12,634   7.4   %   Rs.   111,044   8.0   %   Rs.   25,758   6.4   %   Rs.   5,608   9.1   %
Government securities   145,589   5.7   155,486   6.9   46,531   7.1   1,377   7.9
Other securities   113,915   7.5   62,301   8.8   9,257   8.9   11,815   8.8
Total amortized cost of interest-earning securities (1)   Rs.   272,138   6.5   %   Rs.   328,831   7.7   %   Rs.   81,546   7.1   %   Rs.   18,800   8.8   %
Total fair value   Rs.   272,820   Rs.   331,296   Rs.   82,772   Rs.   19,168

(1)   Includes securities denominated in different currencies.

The amortized cost of our held-to-maturity portfolio increased
from Rs. 1,529.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,714.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in
investment in government securities and corporate debt securities. Net unrealized gain on held-to-maturity portfolio was Rs. 18.1
billion at year-end fiscal 2019 compared to net unrealized loss of Rs. 4.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to a decrease
in yield on government securities. While the yield on the benchmark 10-year Government security was at similar levels (around 7.40%)
at the end of both fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019, yields were much higher through most of the fiscal year

57

2019, with the benchmark 10-year going as high as 8.18% in September
2018. The government securities purchased at these elevated yields resulted in the higher unrealized gain at the end of the fiscal
year 2019. Further, the yield on 5-year and shorter duration government securities decreased during the year resulting in marked-to-market
gains on this portfolio. Interest income on held-to-maturity debt portfolio increased from Rs. 100.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to
Rs. 115.7 billion in fiscal 2019 due to an increase in average investment portfolio under held-to-maturity and an increase in yield
on government securities portfolio. The yield on government securities increased due to investment in government securities at
higher yields and a reset of rate of interest on floating rate bonds at higher levels.

Investments in held-for-trading debt securities
decreased from Rs. 326.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 259.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease
in investment in government securities, commercial papers, certificate of deposit and corporate debt securities. Interest and dividend
income on held-for-trading securities decreased from Rs. 22.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 20.5 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily
due to decrease in held-for-trading portfolio. Net realized and unrealized gain on the held-for-trading portfolio was Rs. 0.6 billion
in fiscal 2019 compared to net realized and unrealized loss of Rs. 1.2 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to decrease in unrealized
loss on investment in government securities.

At year-end fiscal 2019, we had investments
in equity shares amounting to Rs. 139.8 billion. The Reserve Bank of India restricts investments in equity securities by banks
by prescribing limits linked to capital funds. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Investments
and Capital Market Exposure Limits
”.

In general, we pursue a strategy of active
management of our long-term equity portfolio to maximize our return on investment. To reinforce compliance with the Securities
and Exchange Board of India’s insider trading regulations, all dealings in our equity and debt investments in listed companies
are undertaken by our treasury’s equity and corporate bonds dealing desks, which are segregated from both the other groups
and desks in the treasury and from our other business groups, and which do not have access to unpublished price sensitive information
about these companies that may be available to us as a lender.

We deal in several major foreign currencies
and take deposits from non-resident Indians in major foreign currencies. We also manage onshore accounts in foreign currencies.
The foreign exchange treasury manages our portfolio through money market and foreign exchange instruments to optimize yield and
liquidity.

We provide a variety of risk management
products to our corporate and small and medium enterprise clients, including foreign currency forward contracts and currency and
interest rate swaps. We control market risk and credit risk on our foreign exchange trading portfolio through an internal model
which sets counterparty limits, stop-loss limits and limits on the loss of the entire foreign exchange trading operations and exception
reporting. See also “
—Risk Management—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk—Exchange
Rate Risk
”.

Through our branches and subsidiaries outside
India and our offshore banking unit in Mumbai, we have made investments in corporate and financial sector bonds and debt securities
and mortgage and asset backed securities outside India.

The following table sets forth, at the
date indicated, investments in corporate and financial sector debt securities and mortgage and asset backed securities by our overseas
branches and banking subsidiaries by region and the mark-to-market and realized losses thereon.

At
                                         March 31, 2018
Asset
                                         backed securities (1),(2)   Bonds (2),(3)   Others   Total
Trading   Available-for-sale
                                         and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale
                                         and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale
                                         and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale
                                         and held-to-maturity   Mark-to-market
                                         gain/ (loss) in fiscal 2018   Realized
                                         gain/(loss)/ Impairment loss in income statement for fiscal 2018   Mark-to-market
                                         gain/ (loss) at March 31, 2018
(Rs. in millions)
U.S.   –   –   –   2,284   –   –   –   2,284   (75   )   12   (78   )
Canada   –   –   –   28,923   –   –   –   28,923   (1   )   31   -
Europe   –   3,192   –   612   –   –   –   3,804   (42   )   35   (909   )
India   –   –   –   35,942   –   –   –   35,942   (237   )   (431   )   (438   )
Rest of Asia   –   –   –   323   –   4,235   –   4,558   (9   )   -   (7   )
Total
    portfolio   –   3,192   –   68,084   –   4,235   –   75,511   (364   )   (353   )   (1,432   )

(1)   Includes residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities and other asset backed securities.

(2)   Includes asset backed securities and bonds classified under loans and receivable by our UK subsidiary including those transferred
in fiscal 2009 from investment to loans and receivables pursuant to Accounting Standard Board issuing amendments to FRS 26 –
‘Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement’ which permitted reclassification of financial assets in certain
circumstances from ‘held-for-trading’ and ‘available-for-sale categories’ to the ‘loans and receivables’
category.

(3)   Includes corporate bonds classified under loans and receivables by our Canadian subsidiary during fiscal 2014.

58

At
    March 31, 2019
Asset
    backed securities (1),(2)   Bonds (2),(3)   Others   Total
Trading   Available-for-sale
    and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale
    and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale
    and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale
    and held-to-maturity   Mark-to-market
    gain/ (loss) in fiscal 2019   Realized
    gain/(loss)/ Impairment loss in income statement for fiscal 2019   Mark-to-market
    gain/ (loss) at March 31, 2019
(Rs. in millions)
U.S.   –   –   –   691   –   –   –   691   65   (210   )   (18   )
Canada   –   –   –   32,579   –   –   –   32,579   -   38   -
Europe   –   3,047   –   543   –   –   –   3,590   47   -   (917   )
India   –   –   –   38,371   –   –   –   38,371   331   (6   )   (52   )
Rest of Asia   –   –   –   1,334   –   4,494   –   5,828   14   (102   )   6
Total
    portfolio   –   3,047   –   73,518   –   4,494   –   81,059   457   (280   )   (981   )

(1)   Includes residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities and other asset backed securities.

(2)   Includes asset backed securities and bonds classified under loans and receivable by our UK subsidiary including those transferred
in fiscal 2009 from investment to loans and receivables pursuant to Accounting Standard Board issuing amendments to FRS 26 –
‘Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement’ which permitted reclassification of financial assets in certain
circumstances from ‘held-for-trading’ and ‘available-for-sale categories’ to the ‘loans and receivables’
category.

(3)   Includes corporate bonds classified under loans and receivables by our Canadian subsidiary in fiscal 2014.

Investments in corporate and financial
sector debt securities and mortgage and asset backed securities by our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries increased from
Rs.75.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 81.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. At year-end fiscal 2019, our investments in
Europe were Rs. 3.6 billion as compared to Rs. 3.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. The majority of our investments in Europe are
in the United Kingdom.

The mark-to-market losses on the investment
portfolio of our overseas branches and subsidiaries were Rs. 1.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 and Rs. 1.0 billion at year-end
fiscal 2019. During fiscal 2019, there was mark-to-market gain of Rs. 0.5 billion compared to loss of Rs. 0.4 billion during fiscal
2018. Net realized gain/(loss) and impairment loss was a net loss of Rs. 0.3 billion during fiscal 2019 as compared to a net loss
of Rs. 0.4 billion during fiscal 2018.

The following table sets forth a summary
of the investment portfolio of our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries based on the category of investments.

At March 31
Category   2018   2019
(in millions)
Bonds
Banks and financial institutions   Rs.   18,740   Rs.   18,464
Corporate   49,344   55,054
Total bonds   68,084   73,518
Asset backed securities   3,192   3,047
Others (1)   4,235   4,494
Total   Rs.   75,511   Rs.   81,059

(1)   Includes investments in certificates of deposits.

Our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries’
investments in securities of banks and financial institutions are spread over a number of banks and of this the investment in the
top 10 banks account for 100% of the total investments

59

in banks and financial institutions at year-end fiscal 2019
and 2018. Approximately 35.3% of our investment in securities of corporate entities was India-linked at year-end fiscal 2019 as
compared to approximately 34.8% at year-end fiscal 2018.

Our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries’
total investment in asset backed securities represents less than 0.5% of our total assets at year-end fiscal 2019. The portfolio
size of such securities was Rs. 3.0 billion and primarily comprised retail mortgage backed securities. The retail mortgage backed
securities portfolio consists primarily of UK residential mortgage backed securities backed by prime and buy-to-let mortgages.

At year-end fiscal 2019, the fair value
of investments in the government securities held by our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries was Rs. 62.3 billion, which
was primarily in Canada.

The investments in these securities are
governed by the respective investment policies of ICICI Bank and its banking subsidiaries. To mitigate significant concentrations
in credit risk, the investment policy lays down a number of limits that need to be adhered to before investments can be made. The
investment policy lays down rating and issuer wise investment limits at each of these units. Further, there are counterparty limits
for individual banks and financial institutions. Country exposure limits have also been established for various countries. In addition,
ICICI Bank monitors the credit spread risk arising out of such investments while ICICI Bank UK has instituted credit spread sensitivity
limits on its portfolio. Any exceptions to the above limits are made with due approvals from the appropriate forums. ICICI Bank
has not bought credit protection against any of its international investments.

ICICI Securities Limited

ICICI Securities Limited is engaged in
investment banking, broking and financial product distribution. ICICI Securities Limited has an online trading portal called icicidirect.com.
ICICI Securities Limited has a subsidiary in the United States, ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., which in turn has a subsidiary
in the United States, ICICI Securities Inc., which is registered as a broker dealer with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
ICICI Securities Inc., which is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority in the United States; also has a branch
office in Singapore that is registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore where it holds a capital markets services license
for dealing in securities in Singapore. ICICI Securities Inc. is also registered as an international dealer in Canada in the provinces
of British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec. ICICI Securities Limited (consolidated) earned a net profit of Rs. 4.9 billion in fiscal
2019 compared to a net profit of Rs. 5.6 billion in fiscal 2018. ICICI Securities Limited was listed on the National Stock Exchange
of India Limited and Bombay Stock Exchange Limited on April 04, 2018 following an offer for sale in an initial public offering
of the company. After this sale, our share ownership in ICICI Securities Limited came down from 100% to 79.22% at year-end fiscal
2019.

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership is
engaged in the primary dealership of Indian government securities. It also deals in other fixed income securities. In addition
to this, it has underwriting, portfolio management services and placement of debt and money market operations. ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership earned a net profit of Rs. 0.6 billion in fiscal 2019 compared to a net profit of Rs. 1.1 billion in fiscal
2018. The revenues of the business are directly linked to conditions in the fixed income market.

Private Equity

Our subsidiary ICICI Venture Funds Management
Company Limited is a diversified specialist alternative asset manager with a presence across private equity, real estate, infrastructure
and special situations. During fiscal 2019, ICICI Venture concluded eight new investments involving an aggregate capital outlay
of USD 565 million (including co-investments) across India Advantage Fund Series 4, iREIF (a real estate fund), AION (a strategic
partnership between ICICI Venture and Apollo Global Management in the area of special situations) and Resurgent Power (a power
platform company co-sponsored by ICICI Venture and Tata Power). ICICI Venture also concluded nine full or partial exits across
various funds for an aggregate realization of USD 300 million. During fiscal 2019, the subsequent closings of its third real estate
fund iREIF was concluded. ICICI Venture reported a net profit of Rs. 0.7 billion in fiscal 2019 compared to Rs. 0.1 billion in
fiscal 2018.

Asset Management

We provide asset management services through
our subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company is a joint venture with Prudential
PLC of the United Kingdom. We have 51.0% interest in the entity. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company also provides portfolio
management services and advisory services to clients. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company had average mutual fund assets

60

under management of Rs. 3,207.9 billion during fiscal 2019.
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company earned a net profit of Rs. 6.9 billion during fiscal 2019 compared to a net profit of
Rs. 6.3 billion during fiscal 2018.

Insurance

We provide a wide range of insurance
products and services through our subsidiaries ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture with Prudential Corporation
Holding Limited, a part of the Prudential PLC group of the United Kingdom. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
was formed as a joint venture with Fairfax Financial Holdings of Canada. The joint venture was terminated on July
3, 2017.

In fiscal 2015, the Indian
parliament approved legislation increasing the foreign shareholding limit in the insurance sector from 26.0% to 49.0%, and
removing the requirement that Indian promoters of insurance companies eventually reduce their shareholding to 26.0% following
the completion of 10 years of commencement of business by the insurance company. Final regulations were issued by the
government of India in fiscal 2016. Subsequently, we sold 6.0% stake in our life insurance subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited, during fiscal 2016. In September 2016, we sold a further of 12.6% out of our shareholding in ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited through an offer for sale in an initial public offering of the company’s
shares. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited was listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE
Limited on September 29, 2016. In June 2018, we sold an additional 2.0% of our shareholding in ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited through an offer for sale. After these sales, our share ownership in ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited has now decreased from 73.71% at year-end fiscal 2015 to 52.87% at year-end fiscal 2019.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited had a market share of 10.3% based on retail weighted new business received premium basis in fiscal 2019. It also had a
market share of 17.7% in the private sector based on retail weighted new business premium in fiscal 2019 compared to 20.9% in fiscal
2018 according to the Life Insurance Council. The total premium increased by 14.3% from Rs. 270.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs.
309.3 billion in fiscal 2019. The retail renewal premium increased by 15.6% from Rs. 175.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 202.3
billion in fiscal 2019. The retail new business premium declined from Rs. 84.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 81.4 billion in fiscal
2019. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited earned a net profit of Rs. 11.4 billion during fiscal 2019 compared to a
net profit of Rs. 16.2 billion during fiscal 2018. The growth in retail weighted new business premium of our life insurance subsidiary
was relatively lower than some of its key competitors in fiscal 2019. Our life insurance subsidiary’s strategy emphasizes
unit-linked, pure protection and annuity products, and does not prioritize non-unit linked insurance products. The demand for unit-linked
products may be influenced by any volatility or downturn in capital markets. Further, our life insurance subsidiary is primarily
focused on growth in the value of new business, as a key profitability metric.

ICICI Prudential has a wholly owned subsidiary,
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited, one of the fund managers for the pension assets of Indian citizens (other
than the mandated pension funds of government employees) under the National Pension System.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance
of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability
” and “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Segment
Revenues and Assets—Life Insurance
”.

We also sold a 9.0% stake in our
general insurance company, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, during fiscal 2016 to our then joint venture partner,
Fairfax Financial Holdings (through its affiliate). Following the transaction, the share ownership in ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company of ICICI Bank and Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited was approximately 64% and 35%, respectively. In July
2017, Fairfax Financial Holdings (through its affiliate) sold equity shares comprising 12.18% of the issued and paid-up
capital of the company to three investors. On July 3, 2017 our joint venture agreement with Fairfax Financial Holdings was
terminated. In September 2017, we sold a further 7% of our shareholding and Fairfax Financial Holdings (through its
affiliate) further sold 12% of its shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited through an offer for sale
in an initial public offering of the company’s shares. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited was listed
on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited on September 27, 2017. After this sale, our share ownership
in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited came down from 63.82% at year-end fiscal 2016 to 55.87% at year-end
fiscal 2019.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company’s gross direct premium income was Rs. 144.9 billion during the year-ended fiscal 2019, a growth of 17.3%
compared to the year ended fiscal 2018. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited was the largest private general
insurer with an overall industry market share of about 8.5% in gross direct premium income amongst all general insurance
companies during the year-ended fiscal 2019 according to the General

61

Insurance Council of India. ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited earned a net profit of Rs. 10.5 billion in fiscal 2019 compared to a net profit of
Rs. 8.6 billion in fiscal 2018.

The Insurance Regulatory and Development
Authority of India has issued guidelines on bancassurance (i.e., the practice of banks selling insurance products in a marketing
arrangement with insurance companies). As per the guidelines, banks can partner with three insurance companies each in life, non-life
and health insurance sectors. We distribute life and general insurance products through our branches, phone banking and digital
channels. We have entered into an agreement with our insurance subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, and operate as a corporate agent for these companies. ICICI Bank earns commissions
and fees from these subsidiaries as a distributor for sales of life and general insurance products. ICICI Bank accounts for a significant
portion of the business volumes of its life insurance subsidiary. The growth of the life insurance subsidiary’s business
is thus significantly dependent on the Bank’s distribution strategy, including the Bank’s choice of and focus on specific
life insurance products, and the relative emphasis on sales of insurance and banking products.

Funding

Our funding operations are designed to
ensure stability of funding, minimize funding costs and effectively manage liquidity. Our primary source of domestic funding is
deposits raised from both retail and corporate customers. We also raise funds through short-term rupee borrowings and domestic
or overseas bond offerings. Our domestic bond borrowings include long-term bond borrowings for financing infrastructure projects
and low-cost housing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Our overseas branches are primarily funded
by bond issuances, syndicated loans from banks, money market borrowings, inter-bank bilateral loans and borrowings from external
commercial agencies. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our funding is primarily short-term
and if depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely affected
”. Our subsidiaries
in the United Kingdom and Canada fund themselves primarily through retail deposits. Our Canadian subsidiary also funds itself through
securitization of insured mortgages.

Our deposits were 55.0% of our total liabilities
at year-end fiscal 2019 compared to 52.1% of our total liabilities at year-end fiscal 2018. Our borrowings were 17.0% of our total
liabilities at year-end fiscal 2019 compared to 20.4% of our total liabilities at year-end fiscal 2018. Our deposits increased
by 16.3% from Rs. 5,858.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 6,813.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Our borrowings decreased
by 8.3% from Rs. 2,294.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs 2,103.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease
in borrowings with the Reserve Bank of India under liquidity adjustment facility, foreign currency term money borrowings, borrowings
under collateralized lending and borrowing obligations and subordinated bond borrowings, offset, in part, by an increase in foreign
currency call money borrowings and refinance borrowings.

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, the composition of deposits by type of deposit.

At March 31,
2017   2018   2019
Amount   % of total   Amount   % of total   Amount   % of total
(in millions, except percentages)
Current account deposits   Rs.   767,900   15.0   %   Rs.   913,654   15.6   %   Rs.   968,050   14.2   %
Savings deposits   1,790,098   34.9   2,092,910   35.7   2,355,306   34.6
Time deposits   2,567,875   50.1   2,851,397   48.7   3,489,813   51.2
Total deposits   Rs.   5,125,873   100.0   %   Rs.   5,857,961   100.0   %   Rs.   6,813,169   100.0   %

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the average volume and average cost of deposits by type of deposit.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2019
Amount   Cost (1)   Amount   Cost (1)   Amount   Amount   Cost (1)
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest-bearing deposits:
Savings deposits   Rs.   1,474,489   3.8   %   Rs.   1,724,268   3.6   %   Rs.   1,974,902   US$   28,556   3.5   %
Time deposits   2,546,886   6.9   2,750,981   6.4   3,123,282   45,160   6.4
Non-interest-bearing deposits:
Other demand deposits   476,799   —   563,057   —   627,266   9,070   —
Total deposits   Rs.   4,498,174   5.2   %   Rs.   5,038,306   4.7   %   5,725,449   US$   82,786   4.7   %

(1)   Represents interest expense divided by the average balances.

62

Our average deposits increased from Rs.
5,038.3 billion at an average cost of 4.7% in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 5,725.4 billion at an average cost of 4.7% in fiscal 2019. Our
average savings deposits increased from Rs. 1,724.3 billion at an average cost of 3.6% in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,974.9 billion at
an average cost of 3.5% in fiscal 2019. The cost of savings deposits decreased from 3.6% in fiscal 2018 to 3.5% in fiscal 2019
primarily due to a reduction of savings deposit rates by 50 basis points on deposits below Rs. 5 million by ICICI Bank in August
2017. Our average time deposits increased from Rs. 2,751.0 billion at an average cost of 6.4% in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3,123.3 billion
at an average cost of 6.4% in fiscal 2019. Our savings deposits include retail savings deposits accepted by ICICI Bank UK PLC.
See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Financial Condition—Liabilities and Stockholders’
Equity—Deposits
”.

The following table sets forth, at the
date indicated, the contractual maturity profile of deposits, by type of deposit.

At March 31, 2019
Up to one year   After one year and within three years   After three years   Total
(in millions)
Interest-bearing deposits:
Savings deposits   Rs.   2,355,306   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   Rs.   2,355,306
Time deposits   2,740,056   631,569   118,189   3,489,813
Non-interest-bearing deposits:
Other demand deposits   968,050   —   —   968,050
Total deposits   Rs.   6,063,412   Rs.   631,569   Rs.   118,189   Rs.   6,813,169

(1)   Savings and other demand deposits are payable on demand and hence are classified in the ‘Up to one year’ bucket.

The following table sets forth, at the
date indicated, the maturity profile of our rupee term deposits of Rs. 10 million or more.

At March 31,
2018   2019   % of total deposits
(in millions, except percentages)
Less than three months   Rs.   488,750   Rs.   554,076   US$   8,012   8.1   %
Above three months and less than six months   226,739   248,631   3,595   3.6
Above six months and less than 12 months   382,672   616,647   8,916   9.1
More than 12 months   104,881   67,707   979   1.0
Total
    deposits of Rs. 10 million and more   Rs.   1,203,042   Rs.   1,487,062   US$   21,502   21.8   %

Rupee term deposits of Rs. 10 million or
more increased from Rs. 1,203.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,487.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, average outstanding rupee borrowings and the percentage composition by category of borrowing. The average cost
(interest expense divided by average balances) for each category of borrowings is provided in the footnotes.

63

At March 31,
2017   2018   2019
Amount   % of total   Amount   % of total   Amount   Amount   % of total
(in millions, except percentages)
Money market borrowings (1),(2)   Rs.   224,819   26.9   %   Rs.   189,597   21.9   %   Rs.   203,306   US$   2,940   21.2   %
Other borrowings (3),(4)   609,683   73.1   675,922   78.1   754,153   10,904   78.8
Total   Rs.   834,502   100.0   %   Rs.   865,519   100.0   %   Rs.   957,459   US$   13,844   100   %

(1)   Includes call market, refinance and transactions with the Reserve Bank of India under the liquidity adjustment facility.

(2)   With an average cost of 6.7% in fiscal 2017, 6.1% in fiscal 2018 and 6.5% in fiscal 2019.

(3)   Includes publicly and privately placed bonds, borrowings from institutions and inter-corporate deposits.

(4)   With an average cost of 10.1% in fiscal 2017, 8.9% in fiscal 2018 and 9.0 % in fiscal 2019.

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, certain information related to short-term rupee borrowings.

At March 31, (1)
2017   2018   2019
(in millions, except percentages)
Year-end balance   Rs.   106,591   Rs.   313,595   Rs.   177,200
Average balance during the year   224,819   189,597   203,306
Maximum quarter-end balance   233,533   313,595   193,842
Average interest rate during the year (2)   6.7   %   6.1   %   6.5   %
Average interest rate at year-end (3)   6.6   %   6.2   %   7.0   %

(1)   Short-term borrowings include borrowings in the call market, refinance, repurchase agreements and transactions with the Reserve
Bank of India under the liquidity adjustment facility.

(2)   Represents the ratio of interest expense on short-term borrowings to the average balances of short-term borrowings

(3)   Represents the weighted average rate of the short-term borrowings outstanding at fiscal year-end.

Our short term rupee borrowings decreased
from Rs. 313.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 177.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in borrowings
with the Reserve Bank of India under liquidity adjustment facility, offset, in part, by an increase in foreign currency call money
borrowings and refinance borrowings.

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the average outstanding volume of foreign currency borrowings based on average balances by source and the percentage
composition by source. The average cost (interest expense divided by average balances) for each source of borrowings is provided
in the footnotes.

For year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2019
Amount   % of total   Amount   % of total   Amount   Amount   % of total
(in millions, except percentages)
Bond borrowings (1)   Rs.   558,214   43.0   %   Rs.   475,562   41.0   %   Rs.   473,656   US$   6,849   39.7   %
Other borrowings (2)   739,383   57.0   683,828   59.0   720,144   10,413   60.3
Total   Rs.   1,297,597   100.0   %   Rs.   1,159,390   100.0   %   Rs.   1,193,800   US$   17,261   100.0   %

(1)   With an average cost of 4.6% in fiscal 2017, 3.9% in fiscal 2018 and 4.1% in fiscal 2019.

(2)   With an average cost of 1.8% in fiscal 2017, 2.2% in fiscal 2018 and 3.0% in fiscal 2019 .

At year-end fiscal 2019, the outstanding
debt capital instruments were Rs. 293.1 billion. The outstanding debt capital instruments include debt that is classified either
as Additional Tier I or Tier II capital in calculating the capital adequacy ratio as per the grandfathering rules in accordance
with the Reserve Bank of India’s regulations on capital adequacy as per Basel III. See also
“Supervision and Regulation—Reserve
Bank of India Regulations”
.

Risk Management

As a financial intermediary, we are exposed
to risks that are particular to our lending, transaction banking and trading businesses and the environment within which we operate.
Our goal in risk management is to ensure that we

64

understand, measure, monitor and manage the various risks that
arise and that the organization adheres to the policies and processes, which are established to address these risks.

The key principles underlying our risk
management framework are as follows:

·   The Board of Directors has oversight of all the risks assumed by us.

·   Specific committees
                                         of the Board have been constituted to facilitate focused oversight of various risks.
                                         For a discussion of these and other committees, see “Management” .

·   The Risk Committee reviews risk management policies in relation to various risks (including credit risk, market risk, liquidity
risk, interest rate risk and operational risk), key risk indicators and risk profile (covering areas including credit risk, market
risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, technology risk, reputation risk, compliance risk, capital at risk, management risk and
group risk). The Committee reviews the stress-testing framework that includes a wide range of institution-specific and market (systemic)
scenarios. The Risk Committee also assesses our capital adequacy position, based on the risk profile of our balance sheet and reviews
the implementation status of capital regulations. The Committee also reviews the risk profile of key subsidiaries.

·   The Credit Committee reviews the credit quality of the major portfolios, developments in key industrial sectors and exposure
to these sectors and exposures to large borrower groups in addition to approving certain exposures as per the credit approval authorization
policy approved by the Board of Directors.

·   The Audit Committee of the Board provides direction to and monitors the quality of the internal audit function, oversees the
financial reporting process and also monitors compliance with inspection and audit reports of the Reserve Bank of India, other
regulators and statutory auditors. The Fraud Monitoring Committee reviews frauds above certain values, suggests corrective measures
to mitigate fraud risks and monitors the efficacy of remedial actions.

·   The Information Technology Strategy Committee approves strategy for information technology and policy documents, ensures that
information technology strategy is aligned with business strategy, reviews information technology risks, ensures proper balance
of information technology investments for sustaining our growth, oversees the aggregate funding of information technology, ascertains
if the management has resources to ensure the proper management of information technology risks and reviews contribution of information
technology to our business.

·   Policies approved from time to time by the Board of Directors form the governing framework for each type of risk. The business
activities are undertaken within this policy framework.

·   Independent groups and sub-groups have been constituted across our organization to facilitate independent evaluation, monitoring
and reporting of various risks. These groups function independent of the business groups/sub-groups.

The risk management framework forms the
basis for developing consistent risk principles across the Bank and its overseas banking subsidiaries. The Board of Directors approves
the Enterprise Risk Management and Risk Appetite Framework and thresholds/limits structure under which various business lines operate.

We are primarily exposed to credit risk,
market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, technology risk, compliance risk and reputation risk. We have centralized groups,
the Risk Management Group, the Compliance Group, the Corporate Legal Group, the Financial Crime Prevention and Reputation Risk
Management Group and the Internal Audit Group with a mandate to identify, assess and monitor all of our principal risks in accordance
with well-defined policies and procedures. In addition, the Credit Monitoring Group, Treasury Control and Services Group and the
Operations Group monitor operational adherence to regulations, policies and internal approvals.

The Risk Management Group is further organized
into the Credit Risk Management Group, Market Risk Management Group, Operational Risk Management Group and Information Technology
Risk Management Group. The Risk Management Group reports to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compliance Group
and the Internal Audit Group report to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The Risk Management Group, Compliance Group
and Internal Audit Group have administrative reporting to an Executive Director. Treasury Control and Services Group, Credit Middle
Office Group and Operations Group report to an Executive Director. These groups are independent of the business units and coordinate
with representatives of the business units to implement our risk management methodologies.

65

Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss that may
occur from the failure of any party to abide by the terms and conditions of any contract, principally the failure to make required
payments of amounts due to us. In its lending operations, ICICI Bank is principally exposed to credit risk.

The credit risk is governed by the Credit
and Recovery Policy (credit policy) approved by the Board of Directors. The Credit and Recovery Policy outlines the type of products
that can be offered, customer categories, the targeted customer profile and the credit approval process and limits.

ICICI Bank measures, monitors and manages
credit risk at an individual borrower level and at the portfolio level for non-retail borrowers. The credit risk for retail borrowers
is managed at a portfolio level. ICICI Bank has a structured and standardized credit approval process, which includes a well-established
procedure of credit appraisal. The Country Risk Management Policy addresses the recognition, measurement, monitoring and reporting
of country risk.

The risk environment is currently volatile
due to factors such as slowdown in the private sector capital expenditure cycle in India, high leverage in some corporate groups
and event risks. Considering these aspects, we have established a risk appetite and limit structure, with respect to credit risk,
and specifically concentration risk.

We have taken the following key measures:

·   limits and thresholds for group and borrower exposures based on rating and track record;

·   rating based limits with respect to incremental asset origination in the corporate portfolio;

·   establishment of a separate credit monitoring group to enhance focus on monitoring of borrowers and to facilitate proactive
action wherever required; and

·   enhanced monitoring of retail product portfolios through periodic reviews and vintage curve analysis.

The credit committee of the Board reviews
the portfolio and large exposure groups.

Credit Approval Authorities

The Board of Directors has delegated credit
approval authority to various committees, forums and individual officers under the credit approval authorization policy. The credit
approval authorization policy is based on the level of risk and the quantum of exposure, and is designed to ensure that transactions
with higher exposure and higher levels of risk are sent to a correspondingly higher forum/committee for approval.

The Bank has established several levels
of credit approval authorities for its corporate banking activities - the Credit Committee, the Committee of Executive Directors,
the Committee of Senior Management, the Committee of Executives, Corporate Lending Forum and Regional Committees. For certain exposures
to small and medium enterprises and rural and agricultural loans under programs, approval under joint authorization framework have
been established. These forums sanction programs formulated through a cluster-based approach wherein a lending program is implemented
for a homogeneous group of individuals or business entities that comply with certain norms. To be eligible for funding under the
programs, borrowers need to meet the stipulated credit norms and obtain a minimum score on a scoring model. We have incorporated
control norms, borrower approval norms and review triggers in all such programs. The Corporate Lending Forum, which comprises personnel
from business groups and credit risk management group, was introduced during fiscal 2019 to approve credit proposals for higher
rated corporates (internal rating A- & above) and up to a certain exposure limit.

Retail credit facilities are required to
comply with approved product policies. All products policies are approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The individual
credit proposals are evaluated and approved by individual officers/forums on the basis of the product policies.

Credit Risk Assessment Methodology for Standalone
Entities

All credit proposals other than retail
products, program lending, score card-based lending to small and medium enterprises and agri-businesses and certain other specified
products are rated internally by the Credit Risk Management Group, prior to approval by the appropriate forum.

66

The Credit Risk Management Group rates
proposals, carries out industry analysis, tracks the quality of the credit portfolio and reports periodically to the Credit Committee
and the Risk Committee. For non-retail exposures, the Credit Monitoring Group verifies adherence to the terms of the approval prior
to the commitment and disbursement of credit facilities. We also manage credit risk through various limit structures, which are
in line with the Reserve Bank of India’s prudential guidelines. The Bank has set up various exposure limits, including the
single borrower exposure limit, the group borrower exposure limit, the industry exposure limit, the unsecured exposure limit, and
limits on exposure to sensitive sectors such as capital markets, non-banking finance companies and real estate. Rating-based thresholds,
hard limits for group and borrower exposures based on rating and track record and limits on incremental sanctions have also been
put in place. Limits on countries and bank counterparties have also been stipulated.

ICICI Bank has an established credit analysis
procedure leading to appropriate identification of credit risk both at the individual borrower and the portfolio level. Appropriate
appraisal and credit rating methodologies have been established for various types of products and businesses. The methodology involves
assessment of quantitative and qualitative parameters. For example, for any large corporate, the rating methodology entails a comprehensive
evaluation of the industry, borrower’s business position in the industry (benchmarking), financial position and projections,
quality of management, impact of projects being undertaken by the borrower and structure of the transaction.

Borrower risk is evaluated by considering:

·   the risks and prospects associated with the industry in which the borrower is operating (industry risk);

·   the financial position of the borrower by analyzing the quality of its financial statements, its past financial performance,
its financial flexibility in terms of ability to raise capital and its cash flow adequacy (financial risk);

·   the borrower’s relative market position and operating efficiency (business risk);

·   the quality of management by analyzing their track record, payment record and financial conservatism (management risk); and

·   the risks with respect to specific projects, both pre-implementation, such as construction risk and funding risk, as well as
post-implementation risks such as industry, business, financial and management risks related to the project (project risk).

After conducting an analysis of a specific
borrower’s risk, the Credit Risk Management Group assigns a credit rating to the borrower. We have a scale of 12 ratings
ranging from AAA to B. A borrower’s credit rating is a vital input for the credit approval process. The borrower’s
credit rating and the default pattern corresponding to that credit rating, forms an important input in the risk-based pricing framework
of the Bank. Every proposal for a financing facility is prepared by the relevant business unit and reviewed by the Credit Risk
Management Group before being submitted for approval to the appropriate approval authority. The approval process for non-fund facilities
is similar to that for fund-based facilities. The credit rating for every borrower is reviewed periodically. We also review the
ratings of our borrowers in a particular industry upon the occurrence of any significant event impacting that industry.

On our current rating scale, ratings of
below BBB- (i.e., BB and B ratings) are considered to be relatively high-risk categories. Our current credit policy does not expressly
provide a minimum rating required for a borrower to be considered for a loan. All corporate loan proposals with an internal rating
of below BBB- are sent to our Credit Committee for its approval.

The following table sets forth a description
of our internal rating grades linked to the likelihood of loss:

Grade   Definition
(I)   Investment grade   Entities/obligations are judged to offer moderate to high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-   Entities/obligations are judged to offer high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
A+, A, A-   Entities/obligations are judged to offer an adequate degree of protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
BBB+, BBB and BBB-   Entities/obligations are judged to offer moderate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
(II)   Below investment grade (BB and B)   Entities/obligations are judged to carry inadequate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.

67

Our consolidated net loans to accounts
internally rated below investment grade (including net non-performing and restructured loans) were Rs. 281.8 billion at year-end
fiscal 2019, constituting about 4.4% of our total net loans. Our consolidated net loans to accounts internally rated below investment
grade (excluding net non-performing and restructured loans) were Rs. 134.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019, constituting about
2.1% of our total net loans.

Working capital loans are generally approved
for a period of 12 months for facilities internally rated A- or below and 24 months for transaction for facilities internally rated
A or above. At the end of the 12-month validity period, we review the loan arrangement and the credit rating of the borrower. On
completion of this review, a decision is made on whether to renew the working capital loan arrangement.

The following sections detail the risk
assessment process for various business segments:

Assessment of Project Finance Exposures

ICICI Bank has a framework for the appraisal
and execution of project finance transactions. We believe that this framework creates optimal risk identification, allocation and
mitigation and helps minimize residual risk.

The project finance approval process begins
with a detailed evaluation of technical, commercial, financial, marketing and management factors and the sponsor’s financial
strength and experience. Once this review is completed, an appraisal memorandum is prepared for credit approval purposes. As part
of the appraisal process, a risk matrix is generated, which identifies each of the project risks, mitigating factors and residual
risks associated with the project. The appraisal memorandum analyzes the risk matrix and establishes the viability of the project.
After credit approval, a letter of intent is issued to the borrower, which outlines the principal financial terms of the proposed
facility, sponsor obligations, conditions precedent to disbursement, undertakings from and covenants on the borrower. After completion
of all formalities by the borrower, a loan agreement is entered into with the borrower.

In addition to the above, in the case of
structured project finance in areas such as infrastructure, oil, gas and petrochemicals, as a part of the due diligence process,
we appoint consultants, wherever considered necessary, to advise the lenders, including technical advisors, business analysts,
legal counsel and insurance consultants. These consultants are typically internationally recognized and experienced in their respective
fields. Risk mitigating factors in these financings include creation of debt service reserves and channeling project revenues through
a trust and retention account.

ICICI Bank’s project finance loans
are generally fully secured and have full recourse to the borrower. In most cases, ICICI Bank has a security interest and first
lien on all the fixed assets. Security interests typically include property, plant and equipment as well as other tangible assets
of the borrower, both present and future. ICICI Bank’s borrowers are required to maintain comprehensive insurance on their
assets where ICICI Bank is recognized as payee in the event of loss. In some cases, ICICI Bank also takes additional credit comforts
such as corporate or personal guarantees from one or more sponsors of the project or a pledge of the sponsors’ equity holding
in the project company. In certain industry segments, ICICI Bank also takes security interest in relevant project contracts such
as concession agreements, off-take agreements and construction contracts as part of the security package.

ICICI Bank generally disburses funds after
the entire project funding is committed and vital contractual arrangements have been entered into. Funds are disbursed in tranches
to pay for approved project costs as the project progresses. When we appoint technical and market consultants, they are required
to monitor the project’s progress and certify all disbursements. We also require the borrower to submit periodic reports
on project implementation, including orders for machinery and equipment as well as expenses incurred. Project completion is contingent
upon satisfactory operation of the project for a certain minimum period and, in certain cases, the establishment of debt service
reserves. We continue to monitor the credit exposure until our loans are fully repaid.

Historically, project financing has constituted
a significant portion of our loan portfolio, though we have now adopted a cautious and selective approach to project financing.

68

Assessment of Corporate Finance Exposures

As part of the corporate loan approval
procedures, ICICI Bank carries out a detailed analysis of funding requirements, including normal capital expenses, long-term working
capital requirements and temporary imbalances in liquidity. ICICI Bank’s funding of long-term core working capital requirements
is assessed on the basis, among other things, of the borrower’s present and proposed level of inventory and receivables.
In case of corporate loans for other funding requirements, we undertake a detailed review of those requirements and an analysis
of cash flows. Corporate finance loans are generally secured by a first charge on fixed assets, which normally consists of property,
plant and equipment. We may also take as security a pledge of financial assets, such as marketable securities, and obtain corporate
guarantees and personal guarantees wherever appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to
sponsors’ shareholding in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding.
We also provide unsecured loans to higher rated, well-established corporate borrowers.

The focus of ICICI Bank’s structured
corporate finance products is on cash flow-based financing. We have a set of distinct approval procedures to evaluate and mitigate
the risks associated with such products. These procedures include:

·   carrying out a detailed analysis of cash flows to forecast the amounts that will be paid and the timing of the payments based
on an exhaustive analysis of historical data;

·   conducting due diligence on the underlying business systems, including a detailed evaluation of the servicing and collection
procedures and the underlying contractual arrangements; and

·   paying particular attention to the legal, accounting and tax issues that may impact the structure.

Our analysis enables us to identify risks
in these transactions. To mitigate risks, we use various credit enhancement techniques, such as collateralization, cash collateralization,
creation of escrow accounts and debt service reserves. We also have a monitoring framework to enable continuous review of the performance
of such transactions.

With respect to financing for corporate
mergers and acquisitions, we carry out detailed due diligence on the acquirer as well as the target’s business profile. The
key areas covered in the appraisal process include:

·   assessment of the industry structure in the target’s host country and the complexity of the business operations of the
target;

·   financial, legal, tax, technical due diligence (as applicable) of the target;

·   appraisal of potential synergies and likelihood of their being achieved;

·   assessment of the target company’s valuation by comparison with its peer group and other transactions in the industry;

·   analysis of regulatory and legal framework of the overseas geographies with regard to security creation, enforcement and other
aspects;

·   assessment of country risk aspects and the need for political insurance; and

·   the proposed management structure of the target post-takeover and the ability and past experience of the acquirer in completing
post-merger integration.

Assessment of Working Capital Finance Exposures

We carry out a detailed analysis of borrowers’
working capital requirements. Credit limits are established in accordance with the credit approval authorization approved by the
Bank’s Board of Directors. Once credit limits are approved, we calculate the amounts that can be lent on the basis of monthly
statements provided by the borrower and the margins stipulated. Quarterly information statements are also obtained from borrowers
to monitor the performance on a regular basis. Monthly cash flow statements are obtained where considered necessary. Any irregularity
in the conduct of the account is reported to the appropriate authority on a regular basis. Credit limits are reviewed on a periodic
basis.

Working capital facilities are primarily
secured by inventories, receivables and other current assets. Additionally, in certain cases, these credit facilities are secured
by personal guarantees of directors, or subordinated security interests in the tangible assets of the borrower including plant
and machinery and covered by personal guarantees of the promoters.

69

Assessment of Retail Loans

The sourcing and approval of retail credit
exposures are segregated to achieve independence. The Credit Risk Management Group, Credit and Policy Group and credit teams are
assigned complementary roles to facilitate effective credit risk management for retail loans.

The Credit and Policy Group is responsible
for preparing credit policies/operating policies. The Credit Risk Management Group oversees the credit risk issues for retail assets
including the review of all credit policies and operating policies proposed for approval by the Board or forums authorized by the
Board. The Credit Risk Management Group is involved in portfolio monitoring of all retail assets and in suggesting and implementing
policy changes. Independent units within retail banking, focus on customer-segment specific strategies, policy formulation, portfolio
tracking and monitoring, analytics, score card development and database management. The credit team, which is independent from
the business unit, oversees the underwriting function and is organized geographically to support the retail sales and service structure.

Our customers for retail loans are primarily
middle and high-income, salaried and self-employed individuals. Except for personal loans and credit cards, ICICI Bank requires
a contribution from the borrower and its loans are secured by the asset financed.

The Bank’s credit officers evaluate
credit proposals on the basis of operating policies approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The criteria vary across
product segments but typically include factors such as the borrower’s income, the loan-to-value ratio and demographic parameters.
External agencies such as field investigation agencies facilitate a comprehensive due diligence process including visits to offices
and homes in the case of loans made to retail borrowers. In making its credit decisions, ICICI Bank draws upon a centralized database
on delinquent loans and reports from the credit bureau to review the borrower’s profile. For mortgage loans and used vehicle
loans, a valuation agency or an in-house technical team carries out the technical valuations. In the case of credit cards, in order
to limit the scope of individual discretion, ICICI Bank has implemented a credit-scoring program that assigns a credit score to
each applicant based on certain demographic and credit bureau variables. The credit score then forms one of the criteria for loan
evaluation. For loans against gold ornaments and gold coins, emphasis is given on ownership and authenticity (purity and weight)
of the jewelry for which an external appraiser is appointed by the Bank. Norms with respect to the loan-to-value ratio have been
laid down.

As part of digital credit lending, ICICI
Bank has scaled up offerings to bank customers over a period of time. As part of its strategy, the Bank uses multi-dimensional
credit filters by using different data-sets to optimize risk. The portfolio level built-up strategy is based on utilizing the pre-approved
customer database for sourcing in key retail asset products, namely, personal loans and credit cards, wherein, major incremental
sourcing is from existing liability customer relationships.

The Bank undertakes portfolio buyouts of
receivables arising out of various retail assets products, to meet its priority sector lending target and extending its reach to
new customer segments. The portfolio is selected by applying selection filters like tenure, ticket size, loan to value ratio and
location, and meeting regulatory requirements with regard to minimum holding period and minimum retention requirement by the seller.
The portfolio buyouts are done in the form of direct assignment or by way of investment in pass through certificates. ICICI Bank
has lending programs for business banking customers, based on various financial and non-financial parameters and target market
norms. The program criteria are approved by the Committee of Executive Directors and individual credit proposals are assessed by
the credit team based on these approved criteria. The Committee of Executive Directors of ICICI Bank reviews the portfolio on a
periodic basis. The renewal of programs is approved by the Committee of Executive Directors.

We have established centralized operations
to manage operating risk in the various back-office processes of our retail loan business except for a few operations, which are
decentralized to improve turnaround time for customers. A separate team under the Credit and Policy Group undertakes review and
audits of credit quality and processes across different products. The Bank also has a debt services management group structured
along various product lines and geographical locations, to manage debt recovery. The group operates under the guidelines of a standardized
recovery process. A Financial Crime Prevention Group has been established as a dedicated and independent group, overseeing/handling
the fraud prevention, detection, investigation, monitoring, reporting and awareness creation functions.

Assessment Procedures for Small Enterprises Loans

ICICI Bank finances small enterprises,
which include individual cases and financing dealers and vendors of companies by implementing structures to enhance the base credit
quality of the vendor/dealer. Small enterprise credit also includes financing extended directly to small enterprises as well as
financing extended on a cluster-based approach in which credit is extended to small enterprises that have a homogeneous profile.
The risk assessment of such a cluster

70

involves the identification of appropriate credit norms for
the target market, the use of scoring models for enterprises that satisfy these norms and a comprehensive appraisal of those enterprises
which are awarded a minimum required score in the scoring model. A detailed appraisal is performed based on the financial as well
as non-financial parameters to identify the funding needs of the enterprise in all the cases. The group also finances small businesses
based on analysis of the business and financials. The assessment includes a scoring model with a minimum score requirement before
appraisal of these enterprises is conducted.

ICICI Bank also finances small and medium
enterprises, dealers and vendors linked to these entities by implementing structures to enhance the base credit quality of the
vendor or dealer. The process involves an analysis of the base credit quality of the vendor or dealer pool and an analysis of the
linkages that exist between the vendor or dealer and the company.

The risk management policy also includes
setting up of portfolio control norms, continuous monitoring renewal norms as well as stringent review and exit triggers to be
followed while financing such clusters or communities.

Assessment Procedures for Rural and Agricultural
Loans

The rural and agricultural portfolio consists
of loans to retail customers in the rural sector through programs and direct loans to corporations, small & medium enterprises
and intermediaries linked to these entities. The programs offered include lending to farmers for crop cultivation and other allied
agricultural activities (in the form of Kisan credit cards and agricultural term loans), farm equipment financing (for purchase
of equipment such as tractors and harvesters), lending to self-help groups, loans against gold ornaments and gold coins, commodity
based funding and rural business enterprise credit. We have adopted specific risk assessment methodologies for each of these segments.

The sales and approval functions are segregated
to achieve independence in retail loan assessment procedures. The Credit and Policy Group is responsible for preparing credit policies/operating
policies. The Credit Risk Management Group oversees the credit risk issues for retail agricultural assets including the review
of all credit policies and operating policies proposed for approval by the Board of Directors or forums authorized by the Board.
The Credit Risk Management Group monitors portfolio trends and suggests and implements policy changes. The credit team, which is
independent from the business unit, oversees the underwriting function and is organized geographically in line with the rural sales
and service structure.

Rural and agriculture credit also includes
financing extended on a cluster-based approach in which credit is extended to borrowers that have a homogeneous profile. The risk
assessment of such a cluster involves the identification of appropriate credit norms for the target market, the use of scoring
models for enterprises that satisfy these norms and a comprehensive appraisal of those enterprises which are awarded a minimum
required score in the scoring model. For corporations, borrower risk is evaluated by analyzing the industry risk, the borrower’s
market position, financial performance, cash flow adequacy and the quality of management. The credit risk of intermediaries (including
vendors, dealers, harvester & transporter, seed organizers, micro finance institutions) and retail customers is evaluated by
analyzing the base credit quality of such borrowers or the pool of borrowers and also the linkages between the borrowers and the
companies to which they are supplying their produce.

For loans against gold ornaments and gold
coins, the credit norms focus on establishing ownership and authenticity (purity and weight) of the jewelry for which an external
appraiser is appointed by us. Norms with respect to loan-to-value ratio have been laid down.

Commodity based financing caters to the
needs of farmers, aggregators & processors, where the facility is based on collateral of the commodity pledged in favor of
the Bank and stored in designated warehouses. The credit norms focus on the quality, quantity and price volatility of the underlying
commodity. A dedicated group evaluates the quantity and quality of the commodity at the time of funding, directly or through the
agencies appointed by it, and also undertakes periodic checks post funding. ICICI Bank also has a centralized system for daily
monitoring of the prices of the commodities funded by it and raising a margin call in case of a shortfall in margins due to decline
in the prices. Various norms like initial margins and the price caps for various commodities have been set to reduce the risk arising
out of price volatility of the underlying commodities.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business— Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased
risks that may adversely affect our business
”.

Risk Monitoring and Portfolio Review

We monitor credit facilities through a
risk-based asset review framework under which the frequency of asset review is higher for cases with higher outstanding balances
and/or lower credit ratings. For corporate, small enterprises and agri-business related borrowers, the Credit Middle-Office Group
verifies adherence to the terms of the credit

71

approval prior to the commitment and disbursement of credit
facilities. These borrower accounts are generally reviewed at least once a year.

The Credit Monitoring Group/Operation Groups
monitors compliance with the terms and conditions for credit facilities prior to disbursement. It also reviews the completeness
of documentation, creation of security and insurance policies for assets financed.

An analysis of our portfolio composition
based on our internal rating is carried out and is submitted to the Risk Committee of the Board on a quarterly basis as part of
the risk dashboard. This facilitates the identification and analysis of trends in the portfolio credit risk.

The Credit Committee of the Bank, apart from approving proposals,
regularly reviews the credit quality of the portfolio and various sub-portfolios. A summary of the reviews carried out by the Credit
Committee is submitted to the Board for its information.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk

Market risk is the possibility of loss
arising from changes in the value of a financial instrument as a result of changes in market variables such as interest rates,
exchange rates, credit spreads and other asset prices. Our exposure to market risk is a function of our trading and asset-liability
management activities and our role as a financial intermediary in customer-related transactions. These risks are mitigated by the
limits stipulated in the Investment Policy, Asset Liability Management Policy and Derivatives Policy, which are approved and reviewed
by the Board of Directors.

Market Risk Management Procedures

Market risk policies include the Investment
Policy, the Asset Liability Management Policy and the Derivative Policy. The policies are approved by the Board of Directors. The
Asset Liability Management Policy stipulates liquidity and interest rate risk limits and Asset Liability Management Committee reviews
adherence to limits and determines the strategy in light of the current and expected environment. The Investment Policy addresses
issues related to investments in various treasury products. The Derivatives Policy is formulated in line with the comprehensive
guidelines issued by Reserve Bank of India on derivatives for banks and defines the overall framework within which the Bank conducts
its derivatives business and controls the risks associated with the same. The policies are designed to ensure that operations in
the securities and foreign exchange and derivatives areas are conducted in accordance with sound and acceptable business practices
and are as per current regulatory guidelines, laws governing transactions in financial securities and the financial environment.
The policies contain the limit structures that govern transactions in financial instruments. The Board has authorized the Asset
Liability Management Committee and Committee of Executive Directors (Borrowing, Treasury and Investment Operations) to grant certain
approvals related to treasury activities, within the broad parameters laid down by policies approved by the Board.

The Asset Liability Management Committee,
comprising the Managing Director & CEO, wholetime directors and senior executives, meets periodically and reviews the positions
of trading groups, interest rate and liquidity gap positions on the banking book, sets deposit and benchmark lending rates, reviews
the business profile and its impact on asset liability management and determines the asset liability management strategy, as deemed
fit, taking into consideration the current and expected business environment. The Asset Liability Management Policy provides guidelines
to manage liquidity risk and interest rate risk in the banking book.

The Market Risk Management Group is responsible
for the identification, assessment and measurement of market risk. Risk limits including position limits and stop loss limits are
reported on a daily basis by the Treasury Control and Services Group and reviewed periodically. Foreign exchange risk is monitored
through the net overnight open foreign exchange limit. Interest rate risk in banking book is measured through the use of re-pricing
gap/ duration analysis. Interest rate risk is further monitored through interest rate risk limits approved by the Board of Directors.

Interest Rate Risk

Our core business is deposit taking, borrowing
and lending in both Indian Rupees and foreign currencies as permitted by the Reserve Bank of India. These activities expose us
to interest rate risk.

Our balance sheet consists of Indian Rupee
and foreign currency assets and liabilities, with a predominantly higher proportion of Rupee-denominated assets and liabilities.
Thus, movements in Indian interest rates are our main source of interest rate risk.

Interest rate risk is measured through
earnings at risk from an earnings perspective and through duration of equity from an economic value perspective. Further, exposure
to fluctuations in interest rates is also measured by way of gap

72

analysis, providing a static view of the maturity and re-pricing
characteristics of balance sheet positions. An interest rate sensitivity gap report is prepared by classifying all rate sensitive
assets and rate sensitive liabilities into various time period categories according to contracted/behavioral maturities or anticipated
re-pricing date. The difference in the amount of rate sensitive assets and rate sensitive liabilities maturing or being re-priced
in any time period category, gives an indication of the extent of exposure to the risk of potential changes in the margins on new
or re-priced assets and liabilities. We monitor interest rate risk through the above measures on a bi-monthly basis. The duration
of equity and interest rate sensitivity gap statements are submitted to the Reserve Bank of India on a monthly basis. These interest
rate risk limits are approved by the Board of Directors/Asset Liability Management Committee. We also monitor Greeks of our interest
rate options portfolio.

ICICI Bank’s primary source of funding
is deposits and, to a smaller extent, borrowings. In the rupee market, most of our deposit taking is at fixed rates of interest
for fixed periods, except for savings account deposits and current account deposits, which do not have any specified maturity and
can be withdrawn on demand. Current account deposits in the domestic operations are non-interest bearing. The Reserve Bank of India
has deregulated interest rates on saving account deposits from October 25, 2011. The rate of interest on savings account deposits
currently offered by ICICI Bank is 3.50% for end of day balance of below Rs. 5 million and 4.00% for end of day balance of Rs.
5 million and above. We usually borrow for a fixed period, with certain borrowings qualifying as capital instruments, having European
call options attached to them, exercisable by us only on specified dates. However, we have a mix of floating and fixed interest
rate assets. Our loans are generally repaid gradually, with principal repayments being made over the life of the loan.

As required by the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines effective July 1, 2010, ICICI Bank priced its loans with reference to a base rate, called the ICICI Bank Base Rate until
March 31, 2016. The Asset Liability Management Committee sets the ICICI Bank Base Rate based on ICICI Bank’s current cost
of funds, likely changes in the Bank’s cost of funds, market rates, interest rate outlook and other systemic factors. Pricing
for new rupee floating rate proposals and renewal of rupee facilities until March 31, 2016 were linked to the ICICI Bank Base Rate
and comprised the ICICI Bank Base Rate, transaction-specific spread and other charges. The Reserve Bank of India also stipulated
that a bank’s lending rates for rupee loans cannot be lower than its base rate, except for certain categories of loans as
may be specified by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time.

Based on the revised guidelines of the
Reserve Bank of India, all rupee loans sanctioned and credit limits renewed with effect from April 1, 2016 are priced with reference
to a Marginal Cost of funds based Lending Rate. Banks are required to publish Marginal Cost of funds based Lending rate for various
tenures such as overnight, one month, three months, six months and one year. The Marginal Cost of funds based Lending Rate includes
marginal cost of funds, negative carry on cash reserve ratio and operations cost and tenure premium/discount for various tenures.
The Asset Liability Management Committee sets the ICICI Bank Marginal Cost of funds based Lending Rate. As required by the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, we publish the ICICI Bank Marginal Cost of funds based Lending Rate for various tenures on a monthly
basis. Pricing for floating rate approvals and renewal of rupee facilities are linked to the ICICI Bank Marginal Cost of funds
based Lending Rate and comprise the ICICI Bank Marginal Cost of funds based Lending Rate and spread. The Reserve Bank of India
has also stipulated that a bank’s lending rates for rupee loans cannot be lower than its Marginal Cost of funds based Lending
Rate, except for certain exemptions. As prescribed in the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, existing borrowers will also have the
option to move to the Marginal Cost of funds based Lending Rate linked loan at mutually acceptable terms. Any change in the Marginal
Cost of funds based Lending Rate is generally passed on to borrowers under various facilities at different periodicities, of up
to one year. All loans approved before April 1, 2016, and where the borrowers choose not to migrate to the Marginal Cost of funds
based Lending Rate system, would continue to be based on the earlier benchmark rate regimes.

In February 2018, the Reserve Bank of India
proposed to harmonize the methodology of determining benchmark rates by linking the base rate to the marginal cost based lending
rate. Final instructions/guidelines in this regard are awaited. Further, in December 2018, a Report of the Internal Study Group
to Review the Working of the Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate (MCLR) System recommended the use of external benchmarks
by banks for floating rate loans instead of the present system of internal benchmarks. As a step in that direction, it was proposed
that all new floating rate personal or retail loans (housing, auto, etc.) and floating rate loans to Micro and Small Enterprises
extended by banks from April 1, 2019 would be benchmarked to one of the specified external benchmarks. On implementation, the Bank
will be exposed to greater interest rate risk since liabilities may be fixed rate or linked to different benchmark. However, the
Reserve Bank of India in the First Bi-monthly Monetary Policy Statement for 2019-20 in April 2019 decided to defer the implementation
and conduct further consultations with stakeholders. Final instructions/guidelines in this regard are awaited.

Pursuant to regulatory reserve requirements,
we maintain a large part of our assets in government of India securities and in interest-free balances with the Reserve Bank of
India, which are funded mainly by deposits and

73

borrowings. This exposes us to the risk of differential movement
in the yield earned on statutory reserves and the related funding cost.

We use the duration of our government securities
portfolio as a key variable for interest rate risk management. We increase or decrease the duration of our government securities
portfolio to increase or decrease our interest rate risk exposure. In addition, we also use interest rate derivatives to manage
interest rate risk. We are an active participant in the interest rate swap market and are one of the largest counterparties in
India.

Almost all foreign currency loans in the
overseas branches of the Bank are floating rate loans. These loans are generally funded with foreign currency borrowings and deposits
in our overseas branches. We generally convert all foreign currency borrowings into floating rate dollar liabilities through the
use of interest rate and currency swaps with leading international banks. Our overseas subsidiaries in the UK and Canada have fixed
rate retail term deposits and fixed/floating rate wholesale borrowings as their funding sources. They also have fixed and floating
rate assets. Interest rate risk is generally managed by increasing/decreasing the duration of investments and/or by entering into
interest rate derivatives whenever required.

For a discussion of our vulnerability to
interest rate risk, see
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are
particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin,
the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial
performance”
 and
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our inability to effectively manage
credit, market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on
our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds”.

The following table sets forth, at the
date indicated, our asset-liability gap position.

At March 31, 2019 (1)
Less than or equal to one year   Greater than one year and up to five years   Greater than five years   Total
(in millions)
Loans, net   Rs.   5,507,504   Rs.   920,913   Rs.   41,200   Rs.   6,469,617
Investments   657,488   1,017,062   2,307,458   3,982,008
Other assets (2)   543,979   182,711   1,115,434   1,842,124
Total assets   6,708,971   2,120,686   3,464,092   12,293,749

At March 31, 2019 (1)
Less than or equal to one year   Greater than one year and up to five years   Greater than five years   Total
(in millions)
Stockholders’ equity and preference share capital   —   —   1,142,534   1,142,534
Borrowings   1,153,806   670,812   278,623   2,103,241
Deposits   3,546,993   3,046,966   219,211   6,813,170
Other liabilities   9,202   —   2,319,792   2,328,994
Total liabilities   4,710,001   3,717,778   3,960,160   12,387,939
Total gap before risk management positions   1,998,970   (1,597,092   )   (496,068   )   (94,190   )
Off-balance sheet positions (3)   (213,183   )   110,943   77,171   (25,069   )
Total gap after risk management positions   Rs.   1,785,787   Rs.   (1,486,149   )   Rs.   (418,897   )   Rs.   (119,259   )

(1)   Assets and liabilities are classified into the applicable categories based on residual maturity or re-pricing whichever is
earlier. Classification methodologies are generally based on Asset Liability Management Guidelines, including behavioral studies,
as per local policy/regulatory norms of the entities. Items other than current and savings account deposits that neither re-price
nor have a defined maturity are included in the ‘greater than five years’ category. This includes investments in the
nature of equity, cash and cash equivalents and miscellaneous assets and liabilities. Fixed assets (other than leased assets) have
been excluded from the above table. Current and savings account deposits are classified based on behavior study.

(2)   Includes cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and short notice and other
assets.

(3)   Off-balance sheet positions comprise notional amount of derivatives, including foreign exchange forward contacts.

74

The following table sets forth, at the
date indicated, the amount of our loans with residual maturities greater than one year that had fixed and variable interest rates.

At March 31, 2019
Fixed rate loans   Variable rate loans   Total
(in millions)
Loans   Rs.   1,075,983   Rs.   3,430,030   Rs.   4,506,013

The following table sets forth, using the
balance sheet at year-end fiscal 2019 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of adverse changes in interest rates on
net interest income for fiscal 2020, assuming a parallel shift in the yield curve at year-end fiscal 2019.

At March 31, 2019
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
(100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Rupee portfolio   Rs.   (7,768   )   Rs.   (3,884   )   Rs.   3,884   Rs.   7,768
Foreign currency portfolio   (810   )   (405   )   405   810
Total   Rs.   (8,578   )   Rs.   (4,289   )   Rs.   4,289   Rs.   8,578

Based on our asset and liability position
at year-end fiscal 2019, the sensitivity model shows that net interest income from the banking book for fiscal 2020 would rise
by Rs. 8.6 billion if interest rates increased by 100 basis points. Conversely, the sensitivity model shows that if interest rates
decreased by 100 basis points, net interest income for fiscal 2020 would fall by an equivalent amount of Rs. 8.6 billion.

Based on our asset and liability position
at year-end fiscal 2018, the sensitivity model showed that net interest income from the banking book for fiscal 2019 would rise
by Rs. 6.7 billion if interest rates increased by 100 basis points. Conversely, the sensitivity model showed that if interest rates
decreased by 100 basis points, net interest income for fiscal 2019 would fall by an equivalent amount of Rs. 6.7 billion.

Sensitivity analysis, which is based upon static interest rate
risk profile of assets and liabilities, is used for risk management purposes only and the model above assumes that during the course
of the year no other changes are made in the respective portfolios. Actual changes in net interest income will vary from the model.

Price Risk (Trading Book)

The following table sets forth, using the
fixed income portfolio at year-end fiscal 2019 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in interest rates
on the value of our fixed income held-for-trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in interest rate curve.

At March 31, 2019
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Indian government securities   Rs.   112,644   Rs.   3,284   Rs.   1,657   Rs.   (1,657   )   Rs.   (3,284   )
Corporate debt securities   130,076   1,378   698   (697   )   (1,376   )
Total   Rs.   242,720   Rs.   4,662   Rs.   2,355   Rs.   (2,354   )   Rs.   (4,661   )

At March 31, 2019
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Foreign government securities   Rs.   17,091   Rs.   25   Rs.   13   Rs.   (13   )   Rs.   (25   )

At year-end fiscal 2019, the total value
of our fixed income trading portfolio, including foreign government securities was Rs. 259.8 billion. The sensitivity model shows
that if interest rates increase by 100 basis points, the value of this portfolio would fall by Rs.4.7 billion. Conversely, if interest
rates fall by 100 basis points, the value of this portfolio would rise by Rs.4.7 billion. At year-end fiscal 2018, the total value
of our fixed income trading portfolio was

75

Rs. 331.3 billion. The sensitivity model showed that if interest
rates increased by 100 basis points, the value of this portfolio would fall by Rs. 6.4 billion. Conversely, if interest rates fell
by 100 basis points the value of this portfolio would rise by Rs. 6.4 billion.

The total outstanding notional principal
amount of our trading interest rate derivatives portfolio increased from Rs. 11,470.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 17,938.6
billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The sensitivity model shows that if interest rates increase by 100 basis points, the value of
this portfolio would fall by Rs. 0.2 billion. The total outstanding notional principal amount of our trading currency derivatives
(such as futures, options and cross currency interest rate swaps) increased from Rs. 995.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs.
1,159.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The sensitivity model showed that if interest rates increased by 100 basis points, the
value of this portfolio would rise by Rs. 0.6 billion. The total outstanding notional principal amount of our trading foreign exchange
portfolio increased from Rs. 4,184.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 4,337.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The sensitivity
model showed that if interest rates increased by 100 basis points, the value of this portfolio would fall by Rs. 54.5 million.

Equity Risk

We assume equity risk both as part of
our investment book and our trading book. At year-end fiscal 2019, we had a total equity investment portfolio of Rs. 139.8 billion,
primarily comprising Rs. 25.0 billion of investments by ICICI Bank and Rs. 112.4 billion of investments by our insurance subsidiaries.
Additionally, ICICI Securities and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership also have a small portfolio of equity derivatives. The
equity investments of ICICI Bank include the equity portfolio of its proprietary trading group amounting to Rs. 1.8 billion and
other equity investments amounting to Rs. 23.2 billion. These other equity investments are acquired primarily from loan conversion
and also include investment in unlisted equity which are long-term in nature. We also invest in private equity funds, primarily
those managed by our subsidiary ICICI Venture Funds Management Company. These funds invest in equity and equity linked instruments.
Our investments through these funds are similar in nature to our other equity investments and are subject to the same risks. In
addition, they are also subject to risks in the form of changes in regulation and taxation policies applicable to such equity
funds. For further information on our trading and available-for-sale investments, see
“—Overview of Our Products
and Services—Investment Banking—Treasury”
.

The risk in the equity portfolio of the
proprietary trading group, which manages the equity trading book of ICICI Bank, is controlled through a value-at-risk approach
and stop loss limits, as stipulated in the Investment Policy. Value-at-risk measures the statistical risk of loss from a trading
position, given a specified confidence level and a defined time horizon.

ICICI Bank computes value-at-risk using
historical simulation model for limit monitoring purposes. The value-at-risk is calculated using the previous one-year market data
at a 99% confidence level and a holding period of one day.

The following table sets forth the high,
low, average and period-end value-at-risk for fiscal 2019.

High   Low   Average   At March 29, 2019
Rs. in million
Value-at-risk   165.4   4.2   31.9   118.7

We monitor the effectiveness of the value-at-risk
model by regularly back-testing its performance. Statistically, we would expect to see losses in excess of value-at-risk only 1%
of the time over a one-year period. During fiscal 2019, hypothetical loss exceeded the value-at-risk estimates for one day. An
analysis of this outlier revealed that the loss occurred on the day when actual movement in the stocks for the day was more than
the scenario used to compute value-at-risk for the day.

The following table sets forth a comparison
of the hypothetical daily profit/(loss), computed on the assumption of no intra-day trading, and value-at-risk calculated using
the historical simulation model during fiscal 2019.

Average   At March 29, 2019
Rs. in million
Hypothetical daily profit/(loss)   0.9   10.7
Value-at-risk   31.9   118.7

The high and low hypothetical daily profit/(loss)
during fiscal 2019 was Rs. 62.1 million and Rs. (45.9) million respectively.

76

While value-at-risk is an important tool
for measuring market risk under normal market conditions, it has inherent limitations that should be taken into account, including
its inability to accurately predict future losses when extreme events are affecting the markets, because it is based on the assumption
that historical market data is indicative of future market performance. Moreover, different value-at-risk calculation methods use
different assumptions and hence may produce different results, and computing value-at-risk at the close of the business day would
exclude intra-day risk. There is also a general possibility that the value-at-risk model may not fully capture all the risks present
in the portfolio.

Exchange Rate Risk

We offer instruments
like swaps, forwards, and currency options to clients, which are primarily banks and corporate customers. We use cross currency
swaps, forwards, and options to hedge against risks arising out of these transactions and for foreign currency loans that are originated
in currencies different from the currencies of borrowings supporting them. Some of these transactions may not meet the hedge accounting
requirements and are subject to mark-to-market accounting. Trading activities in the foreign currency markets expose us to exchange
rate risks. This risk is mitigated by setting counterparty limits, stipulating forex overnight and intra-day position limits, daily/quarterly/yearly
cumulative stop-loss limits and engaging in exception reporting.

The Bank offers foreign
currency-rupee options for hedging foreign currency exposures including hedging of balance sheet exposures to the users which include
corporate clients and other inter-bank counterparties. All the options positions are maintained within the limits specified in
the Investment Policy. The trading activities in the foreign currency markets expose us to exchange rate risks. The foreign exchange
rate risk is monitored through the net overnight open position limit approved by the Board and intra-day foreign exchange position
limits.

Assuming 1% increase/decrease in each of
the foreign currencies against the respective base currency, our exchange rate sensitivity comes to Rs. 26.7 million at year-end
fiscal 2019 compared to Rs. 8.1 million at year-end fiscal 2018. The above numbers are without any netting benefit across base
currencies. We also monitor Greeks of our currency options.

Derivative Instruments Risk

The Bank offers various
derivative products, including options and swaps, to clients for their risk management purposes. Profits or losses on account of
market movements on these transactions are borne by the clients. For the transactions which are not covered in the inter-bank market,
the Bank runs open positions within the limits prescribed in its Investment Policy. The derivative transactions are subject to
counterparty risk to the extent particular obligors are unable to make payment on contracts when due.

The Bank also enters
into interest rate and currency derivative transactions for the purpose of hedging interest rate and foreign exchange mismatches
and also engages in trading of derivative instruments on its own account.

Credit Spread Risk

Credit spread risk arises out of investments
in fixed income securities. Hence, volatility in the level of credit spreads would impact the value of these portfolios held by
the Bank. We closely monitor our portfolio and risk is monitored by setting investment limits, rating-wise limits, single issuer
limit, maturity limits and stipulating daily and cumulative stop-loss limits.

The following table sets forth, using our
held-for-trading portfolio at year-end fiscal 2019 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in credit spreads
on the value of the trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in credit spreads.

At March 31, 2019
Change in credit spread (in basis points)
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   130,076   Rs.   1,378   Rs.   698   Rs.   (697   )   Rs.   (1,376   )

At year-end fiscal 2019, our held-for-trading portfolio (excluding
government securities) was Rs. 130.1 billion. The sensitivity model shows that if credit spreads increase by 100 basis points,
the value of this portfolio would fall by Rs. 1.4 billion. Conversely, if credit spreads fall by 100 basis points, the value of
this portfolio would rise by Rs. 1.4 billion. At year-end fiscal 2018, our held-for-trading portfolio (excluding government securities)
was Rs. 153.6 billion. The sensitivity model showed that if credit spreads increase by 100 basis points, the value of this portfolio
would fall

77

by Rs. 1.5 billion. Conversely, if credit spreads fall by 100
basis points, the value of this portfolio would rise by Rs. 1.5 billion.

Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is
the current and prospective risk arising out of an inability to meet financial commitments as they fall due, through available
cash flows or through the sale of assets at fair market value. It includes both, the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of
funding an asset portfolio at appropriate maturities and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner at
a reasonable price.

The goal of liquidity
management is to ensure that the Bank is always in a position to efficiently meet both expected and unexpected current and future
cash flow and collateral needs without negatively affecting either the Bank’s daily operations or financial conditions.

We manage liquidity
risk in accordance with our Asset Liability Management Policy. This policy is framed as per the current regulatory guidelines and
is approved by the Board of Directors. The Asset Liability Management Policy is reviewed periodically to incorporate changes as
required by regulatory stipulation or to realign the policy with changes in the economic landscape. The Asset Liability Management
Committee of the Bank formulates and reviews strategies and provides guidance for management of liquidity risk within the framework
laid out in the Asset Liability Management Policy. The Asset Liability Management Committee comprises managing director, wholetime
directors and senior executives. The Risk Committee of the Board, a Board Committee, has oversight of the Asset Liability Management
Committee.

The Bank uses various
tools for the measurement of liquidity risk including the statement of structural liquidity, dynamic liquidity cash flow statements,
liquidity ratios and stress testing through scenario analysis. The statement of structural liquidity is used as a standard tool
for measuring and managing net funding requirements and the assessment of a surplus or shortfall of funds in various maturity buckets
in the future. The cash flows pertaining to various assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items are placed in different time
buckets based on their contractual or behavioural maturity. The statement of structural liquidity of rupee currency for domestic
operations, and statement of structural liquidity of all currencies together for international operations of the Bank (country-wise
and in aggregate) are prepared on daily basis. The statement of structural liquidity of foreign currency for domestic operations,
consolidated statement for domestic operations and for the Bank as a whole are prepared on fortnightly basis. The utilization against
gap limits laid down for each bucket is reviewed by Asset Liability Management Committee of the Bank.

We also prepare dynamic
liquidity cash flow statements, which in addition to scheduled cash flows, also consider the liquidity requirements pertaining
to incremental business and the funding thereof. The dynamic liquidity cash flow statements are prepared in close coordination
with the business groups, and cash flow projections based on the statements are periodically presented to the Asset Liability Management
Committee. As a part of the stock and flow approach, we monitor various liquidity ratios, and limits are laid down for these ratios
in the Asset Liability Management Policy. We also monitor liquidity coverage ratio which has been applicable from January 1, 2015.

The Bank has diverse
sources of liquidity to allow for flexibility in meeting funding requirements. For the domestic operations, current accounts and
savings deposits payable on demand form a significant part of the Bank’s funding and the Bank is implementing its strategy
to sustain and grow this segment of deposits along with retail term deposits. These deposits are augmented by wholesale deposits,
issuance of Certificate of Deposits, borrowings and through the issuance of bonds and subordinated debt from time to time. Loan
maturities and sale of investments also provide liquidity. The Bank holds unencumbered, high quality liquid assets and has certain
mitigating measures to protect against stress conditions.

For domestic operations,
the Bank has the option of managing liquidity by borrowing in the inter-bank market on a short-term basis. The overnight market,
which is a significant part of the inter-bank market, is susceptible to volatile interest rates. To limit the reliance on such
volatile funding, the Asset Liability Management Policy stipulates limits for borrowing and lending in the inter-bank market.

For our overseas branches,
the Bank has a well-defined borrowing program. In order to maximize borrowings at a reasonable cost through its branches, liquidity
in different markets and currencies is targeted. The wholesale borrowings are in the form of bond issuances, syndicated loans from
banks, money market borrowings and interbank bilateral loans. The Bank also raises refinance from other banks against eligible
trade assets. Those loans that meet the Export Credit Agencies’ criteria are refinanced as per the agreements entered into
with these agencies. The Bank also mobilizes deposits liabilities, in accordance with the regulatory framework in place in the
respective host country.

The Bank maintains
prudential levels of liquid assets in the form of cash, balances with the central bank and government securities, money market
and other fixed income securities. As stipulated by the regulator, banks in India

78

are required to maintain statutory liquidity
ratio at a level of 19.25% at March 31, 2019 of their net demand and time liabilities in India and cash reserve ratio at a level
of 4.0% of their net demand and time liabilities in India as of June 30, 2019. During December 2018, in order to align the statutory
liquidity ratio with the liquidity coverage ratio requirement, the Reserve Bank of India announced reduction in the statutory liquidity
ratio by 0.25% every calendar quarter until the statutory liquidity ratio reaches 18.0% of net demand and time liabilities. The first
reduction of 0.25% took effect in the quarter commencing January 2019. Accordingly, as of June 30, 2019, statutory liquidity ratio
is 19.0%. The Bank generally holds additional securities over and above the stipulated level. The Bank is subject to a liquidity
coverage ratio requirement in a phased manner as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines from January 1, 2015. As per Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, effective January 1, 2016, a liquidity coverage ratio is applicable to Indian banks on a consolidated
basis. Banks in India were required to maintain a liquidity coverage ratio at a minimum of 90.0% for the calendar year 2018. Effective
January 1, 2019, the liquidity coverage ratio requirement increased to 100.0%. The liquidity coverage ratio requirement is met
by investment in high quality liquid assets which are primarily in the form of government securities, in excess of mandatory statutory
liquidity ratio, specified portion of government securities held by the bank within the mandatory statutory liquidity ratio requirement
in the form of facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio and marginal standing facility, and better-rated corporate
bonds.

At March 31, 2019,
out of the statutory liquidity ratio requirement of 19.25% of net demand and time liabilities in India, up to 15.5% (13.0% in the
form of facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio, 2.0% under marginal standing facility and up to 0.5% in the form
of additional facility to avail liquidity under liquidity coverage ratio) is counted towards the high quality liquid assets under
the liquidity coverage ratio. Additional facility of 0.5% was permitted by the Reserve Bank of India until March 31, 2019 against
incremental outstanding credit to non-banking finance companies and housing finance companies, over and above the amount of credit
to these entities outstanding at October 19, 2018.

Additionally, Reserve
Bank of India during April 2019 decided to permit banks to reckon an additional 2.0% (0.50% each on April 4, 2019, August 1, 2019,
December 1, 2019 and April 1, 2020) of Government securities within the mandatory statutory liquidity ratio requirement, as facility
to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio for the purpose of computing liquidity coverage ratio, in a phased manner from
the earlier 13.0% of net demand and time liabilities to 15.0% of net demand and time liabilities by April 1, 2020. Accordingly,
at June 30, 2019, out of the statutory liquidity ratio requirement of 19.0% of net demand and time liabilities in India, 15.5%
(13.5% in the form of facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio and 2.0% under marginal standing facility) is counted
towards the high quality liquid assets under liquidity coverage ratio.

Further, Reserve Bank
of India on July 5, 2019 decided that, with immediate effect, banks will be permitted to frontload the phased increase in facility
to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio of 1.0% which was originally effective from August 1, 2019 and December 1, 2019.
This frontloading was to the extent of incremental outstanding credit to non-banking finance companies and housing finance companies
over and above the amount of credit to non-banking finance companies/housing finance companies outstanding as on date. The frontloading
of facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio of 1.0%, exclusively meant for incremental exposure to non-banking
finance companies/housing finance companies, will form part of general facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio
as and when the increase in facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio takes place as per original schedule on August
1 and December 1, 2019.

During fiscal 2019,
the Bank maintained a liquidity coverage ratio above the stipulated level. The Reserve Bank of India on May 17, 2018 issued final
guidelines on the Basel III framework on liquidity standards – net stable funding ratio. This guideline ensures a reduction
in funding risk over a longer time horizon by requiring banks to fund their activities with sufficiently stable sources of funding
in order to mitigate the risk of future funding stress. As per the guidelines, the net stable funding ratio should be equal to
at least 100% on an ongoing basis. As per circular dated November 29, 2018 these guidelines will be applicable for Indian banks
at the individual as well as consolidated level effective April 1, 2020.

We have a Board approved
liquidity stress testing framework, under which we estimate the Bank’s liquidity position under a range of stress scenarios,
and consider possible measures we could take to mitigate the outflows under each scenario. These scenarios cover bank specific,
market-wide and combined stress situations and have been separately designed for the domestic and international operations of the
Bank. Each scenario included in the stress-testing framework covers a time horizon of 30 days. The stress-testing framework measures
the impact on profit due to liquidity outflows for each scenario, considering possible measures that we could take to mitigate
the stress. The impact on profits is subject to a stress tolerance limit specified by the Board of Directors. The results of liquidity
stress testing are reported to the Asset Liability Management Committee on a monthly basis. During fiscal 2019, the results of
each of the stress scenarios were within the Board-approved limits.

The Risk Committee
of the Board has approved a liquidity contingency plan, which lays down a framework for ongoing monitoring of potential liquidity
contingencies and an action plan to meet such contingencies. The liquidity

79

contingency plan lays down several liquidity
indicators, which are monitored on a pre-defined (daily or weekly) basis and also defines the protocol and responsibilities of
various teams in the event of a liquidity contingency.

Similar frameworks
to manage liquidity risk have been established at each of the overseas banking subsidiaries of the Bank addressing the risks they
run as well as incorporating host country regulatory requirements as applicable.

Our subsidiary in
the United Kingdom has diverse sources of liquidity to allow for flexibility in meeting funding requirements. It raises funding
through wholesale and retail sources. Wholesale sources comprise issuance of bonds through a Medium Term Note programme, bilateral
and club loans and, short term borrowings through interbank money market, bankers’ acceptances and repo channels. It also
raises funding through eligible central bank facilities. In the retail segment, it offers current and savings deposits products
through its branch network as well as savings deposits through its internet platform. A buffer of high quality liquid assets/central
bank reserves is maintained against these deposits. Our subsidiary in Canada is funded through diversified funding sources from
retail as well as wholesale sources like borrowings through securitization of insured mortgages across tenor buckets.

The Prudential Regulation
Authority issued a new policy statement on Capital Requirements Directive IV: Liquidity Requirements in June 2015, which was supplemented
by supervisory statement on Prudential Regulation Authorities approach to supervising liquidity and funding risk. The new guidelines
were applicable from October 1, 2015. As per the guidelines banks were required to maintain Liquidity Coverage Ratio, calculated
as per the methodology provided in the Delegated Act issued by European Banking Authority in October 2014, at 100% as Pillar 1
liquidity requirements. Prudential Regulation Authority has also adopted a Pillar 2 approach for liquidity requirements, in which
banks are required to hold high quality liquid assets for specified risks, which are not captured in Liquidity Coverage Ratio.
During fiscal 2019, ICICI Bank UK PLC maintained Liquidity Coverage Ratio above the stipulated level and complied with Pillar 2
liquidity requirements specified by Prudential Regulation Authority.

In November 2014,
The Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions revised the Liquidity Adequacy Requirements to incorporate Liquidity Coverage
Ratio requirements for banks in Canada. The requirements expect banks to have an adequate stock of unencumbered high quality liquid
assets that consists of cash or assets that can be converted into cash at little or no loss of value in private markets, to meet
its liquidity needs for a 30 calendar day liquidity stress scenario. The standard requires that, absent a situation of financial
stress, the value of the coverage ratio of high quality liquid assets to total net cash outflows be no lower than 100%. The Office
of Superintendent of Financial Institutions expects each Canadian bank to have an internal liquidity policy articulating and defining
the role of liquid assets within the bank’s overall liquidity management system and establishing minimum targets for liquid
asset holdings. ICICI Bank Canada has a Liquidity Management Policy and Market Risk Management Policy that are approved by its
Board of Directors. These policies require ICICI Bank Canada to maintain a certain percentage of its customer liabilities in liquid
assets and to maintain sufficient liquidity to cover net outflows in the “up to 30 days” maturity bucket. These limits
are monitored at least monthly by the Asset Liability Management Committee. ICICI Bank Canada has complied with these requirements
throughout fiscal 2019.

In addition, Net Cumulative
Cash Flow information on a monthly basis is shared with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions consisting details
of maturity pattern of assets and liabilities and net cash flows.

See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Liquidity
Risk
”.

Operational Risk

Operational risk is
the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. Operational
risk includes legal risk but excludes strategic and reputational risks. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to
fines, penalties or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements.

The management of
operational risk is governed by the Operational Risk Management Policy approved by the Board of Directors. The Policy is applicable
across the Bank including overseas branches, ensuring a clear accountability and responsibility for management and mitigation of
operational risk, developing a common understanding of operational risk and assisting the business and operation groups units to
improve internal controls. The Board has constituted an Operational Risk Management Committee for analyzing and monitoring the
risks associated with the various business activities of the Bank. The principal objective of the Committee is to mitigate operational
risk within the Bank by creation and maintenance of explicit operational risk management process. The Operational Risk Management
Committee reviews the risk profile of various functions, the tools used for management of operational risk and implementation of
the operational risk management policies and framework as approved by the Board. The Board has also approved a framework for approval
of all new products/processes, which requires all processes pertaining to products or product variants to be assessed from an operational
risk perspective by the Product and Process Approvals Committee.

80

Operational risk can
result from a variety of factors, including failure to obtain proper internal authorizations, improperly documented transactions,
failure of operational and information security procedures, computer systems, software or equipment, fraud, inadequate training
and employee errors. Operational risk is sought to be mitigated by maintaining a comprehensive system of internal controls, establishing
systems and procedures to monitor transactions, maintaining key back-up procedures and undertaking regular contingency planning.
The key elements in the operational risk management process in the Bank are risk identification and assessment, risk measurement,
risk monitoring and risk mitigation.

In each of the banking
subsidiaries, local management is responsible for implementing operational risk management framework through the operational risk
management policy approved by their respective Boards.

A brief on the management
of operational controls and procedures in the various business of the Bank is summarized below:

Operational Controls and Procedures
in Retail and Rural Banking

Retail banking is
organized into a zonal structure and each of the zones is headed by a senior official of the Bank. The Bank has separate products,
sales, credit and operations teams which ensures that there are adequate checks and balances for the product and service offering
to the customers. The branches are supported by regional/centralized processing centers and retail asset processing centers which
are designed to ensure adequate operational controls.

The Bank has put in
place comprehensive operating manuals detailing procedures for the processing of various banking transactions and for the sale
and servicing of third party products. Amendments to these manuals are implemented through circulars, which are accessible to branch
employees on the intranet. The branches are complemented by the product and sales teams. The banking transactions relating to customer
accounts are processed based on built-in system checks and authorization procedures. There are also adequate safeguards in the
sale of third party products to check that the prescribed sales guidelines are adhered to. Transactions over a specified limit
are subjected to enhanced scrutiny to avoid potential money laundering. The adherence to the processes and guidelines by the branches
is overseen through risk monitoring, concurrent audits and internal audits.

The core banking application
software has multiple security features to protect the integrity of applications and data.

The Bank’s rural
and inclusive banking activities cater to the financial requirement of customers residing in rural & semi-urban locations.
The services are offered through the designated branches of the Bank and there are well-defined products, sales and credit structure
for customer sourcing and servicing. Activities pertaining to rural banking are supported by regional/centralized processing centers.
In addition, there are various pre-defined tasks being performed by independent teams which review the process and service quality
such as hind-sighting, quality of commodities pledged, title of the land considered as collateral, etc. The Bank also facilitates
the enrollment of beneficiaries under various government social schemes, including financial inclusion.

Operational Controls and Procedures
in the Regional Processing Centers and Central Processing Center

The Bank has designated
regional processing centers located at various cities across the country. These regional processing centers engage in activities
like processing check clearing and inter-branch transactions, outstation check collections, and engage in back-office activities
for account opening, renewal of deposits and salary transaction processing of corporations.
There
are currency chests and cash processing centers located at 40 locations in various cities across India, which cater to the cash
requirements of branches and ATMs.

The Bank has two centralized
processing centers, one each in Mumbai and Hyderabad, processing transactions on a nationwide basis for production & dispatch
of physical deliverables like cards, check books, statements, personal identification number for cards, issuance of passwords to
internet banking customers etc. Centralized processing centers also manage the activities like electronic payments, activation
of newly opened accounts and account servicing.

Operational Controls and Procedures
in Retail Asset Operations

The Bank has designated
decentralized asset processing centers located at various cities across the country. These decentralized asset processing centers
engage in activities of loan disbursement and regular banking activity related to retail loans with internal checks and controls.

81

The Bank has three
central asset operation units located in Mumbai, Hyderabad and Noida. These central units support operations relating to retail
asset products across the country and carry out activities like loan accounts maintenance, issuance of credit card or prepaid card,
accounting and reconciliation, payouts and repayment management activities for all retail asset products.

Operational Controls and Procedures
in Treasury

The Bank has put in
place internal controls with respect to its treasury operations, which include the segregation of duties between treasury front-office
and treasury control and services group, automated control procedures, continuous monitoring procedures through detailed reporting
statements, and a well-defined code of conduct for dealers. We have also set up limits in respect of treasury operations including
deal size limits and product-wise limits. In order to mitigate the potential mis-selling risks, if any, a customer suitability
and appropriateness policy has been implemented. Similarly, in order to mitigate potential contractual risks, if any, negotiations
for deals are recorded on a voice recording system. Some of the control measures include independence of deal validation, deal
confirmation, documentation, limits monitoring, treasury accounting, settlement, reconciliation and regulatory compliance. Treasury
Control and Services Group reviews the unconfirmed, unsettled deals if any, on a regular basis and follows up for timely confirmation
or settlement. There is a mechanism of escalation to senior management in case of delays in settlement or confirmation beyond a
time period. In addition to the above, concurrent and internal audits are also conducted independently in respect of treasury operations
on a periodic basis. The control structure in treasury operations is designed to prevent errors and potential fraud and provide
early-warning signals.

Operational Controls and Procedures
for Corporate and Commercial Banking

Corporate banking
is also organized into a zonal structure. The front office is responsible for sourcing clients and performing a credit analysis
of the proposal. The credit risk is also independently evaluated by the credit risk management group. The Bank has set-up a credit
monitoring group in order to strengthen the ability to develop early warning mechanisms for management and full scale monitoring
across the life time of the loans. The credit middle office group conducts verification and scrutiny of the loan documents vis-à-vis
sanction terms, monitoring important covenants of the terms of sanction to mitigate post-approval risks and adherence to the terms
of approval by periodically publishing compliance monitoring reports. The key processes and their ownership are documented through
process notes which are reviewed periodically. The back-office for corporate operations is responsible for the execution of trade
finance, cash management and general banking transactions based on the requests and instructions initiated through channels including
branches.

Commercial banking
products and services are offered through identified commercial and retail branches, which are spread across all major business
centers throughout the country. The commercial branches are led by regional heads, who are experienced commercial bankers. The
transactions initiated at the commercial branches are processed by independent and centralized operation units responsible for
the execution of trade finance, cash management and general banking transactions.

Operational Controls and Procedures
for Internet Banking

The Bank has put in
place adequate authentication and authorization controls for transactions through online/internet banking. The internet banking
infrastructure is secured through the multi-layer information security controls, including firewalls, intrusion prevention systems
and network level access controls. These are supplemented by periodic penetration tests, vulnerability assessments and continuous
security incident monitoring of internet banking servers. In addition to login password, transactions are required to be authorized
with random grid value authentication (a grid is a set of numbers printed on the reverse side of the debit card). Additionally,
one-time password authentication is required in case we identify a change in the customer’s device fingerprint. The one-time
password is sent to the customer’s mobile number registered with the Bank. To add a payee for transfer of funds, the customer
is required to validate a unique registration number that is sent to the customer’s mobile number registered with us. Internet
transactions using credit cards require additional one-time password authentication besides other authentications present on the
card. Alerts are also sent to the customer for every internet-based transaction.

The Bank has put in
place adequate authentication and authorization controls for transactions through iMobile application. The iMobile infrastructure
is secured through the multi-layer information security controls, including HTTPS/TLS encryption throughout the session and details
stored in encrypted DB format. These are supplemented by periodic security audits, application penetration tests, security vulnerability
test and network penetration/ application spoofing test. Customers can activate the iMobile app only on their registered mobile
number. We also have SUSD (Single User Single Device) in place, where a customer can download the app only on one handset at a
time. At the time of activation, UserID-Password or MPIN and grid card authentication is taken as two-factor authentication. For

82

transactions, UserID-Password or MPIN and
device id is taken as two-factor authentication. To add a payee for transfer of funds, the customer is required to validate a unique
registration number that is sent to the customer’s mobile number registered with us. Alerts are also sent to the customer
for every internet-based transaction.

To create awareness
among customers about phishing, vishing and other internet-related frauds, we regularly send communications to customers.

Information technology risk

The cyber security
threat landscape for banks and financial institutions globally is constantly evolving and threats such as phishing, distributed
denial of service (DDoS) attacks, leakage of sensitive data, malware, ransomware and exploitation of ATM vulnerabilities
or vulnerabilities in systems provided to banks by software vendors are currently prevalent across the world.

The Bank has a governance
framework for information security with oversight from the Information Technology Strategy Committee which is a Board-level Committee
chaired by an Independent Director. The security strategy at the Bank is based on the principle of defense in depth and the IT
risk framework of the Bank enunciates three lines of defense with clearly defined roles and responsibilities. The Bank has dedicated
units responsible for information security and financial crime prevention, which are independent of the business units. In the
endeavor towards providing high availability and continuity of services to its customers, including high availability of customer
facing IT systems, the Bank has a Board-approved Business Contingency Plan which includes plans for recovery of its IT systems
in the event of any disaster or contingency. In addition to the Information Security Policy, the Bank also has a Board approved
Cyber Security Policy which incorporates a cyber-crisis management plan. The Bank also conducts vulnerability assessment and penetration
testing periodically to mitigate the risk that may arise from security vulnerabilities.

The IT systems of
the Bank are continuously monitored by dedicated teams such as the IT Command Center (which includes Network Operation Center)
and the Security Operations Center. The Bank has laid down processes for change management, identify management, access management
and security operations and these processes are periodically reviewed and refined to keep them abreast of emerging risks and to
implement commensurate controls to mitigate such risks. The Bank has the appropriate cyber insurance policy to mitigate the financial
risk arising out of various cyber security related incidents.

See also “
Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social
engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that
could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely
affect
our business or reputation, and create significant
legal and financial exposure
”.

Anti-Money Laundering Controls

The Bank has implemented Know Your Customer/Anti-Money
Laundering/Combating of Financing of Terrorism guidelines in accordance with the provisions under Prevention of Money Laundering
Act, 2002, rules promulgated thereunder and guidelines issued by the regulators from time to time.

Implementation of these guidelines includes
the formulation of a Group Anti-money Laundering Policy with the approval of the Board of Directors of the Bank which also covers
the overseas branches; oversight by the Audit Committee on the implementation of the Anti-Money Laundering framework; appointment
of a senior level officer as the principal officer who has the day-to-day responsibility for implementation of the anti-money laundering
framework; implementation of adequate Know Your Customer procedures based on risk categorization of customer segments, screening
of names of customers with negative lists issued by the regulators and customer risk categorization for classifying the customers
as high, medium and low risk; risk-based transaction monitoring and regulatory reporting procedures through automated applications;
implementing appropriate mechanisms to train employees’ and to creating customer awareness on this subject.

The Bank adopts a risk based approach and
conducts customer risk assessment with simplified due diligence for low risk, normal due diligence for medium risk and enhanced
due diligence for high risk customers pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank also adheres to the anti-money
laundering requirements as specified by the regulators of respective geographies. The Bank’s anti-money laundering framework
is subject to audit by the Internal Audit Department and their observations are reported to the Audit Committee at regular intervals.

83

Our life insurance subsidiary has implemented
Know-Your-Customer/Anti-Money Laundering/Combating of Financing of Terrorism guidelines issued according to the Prevention of Money
Laundering Act, 2002 and guidelines issued by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India from time to time. An Anti-Money
Laundering/Combating of Financing of Terrorism Policy has been approved by the Board of Directors of the life insurance subsidiary.
The policy is also in accordance with the Group Anti-Money-Laundering policy and includes oversight by the Audit Committee on the
implementation of the anti-money laundering framework. It provides for appointment of a senior level officer as the principal officer
who, has the responsibility for overseeing compliance with the obligations imposed under the Prevention of Money Laundering
Act, 2002 and the rules made thereunder.

In July 2014, the Reserve Bank of India
imposed a penalty, for violation of instructions /directions/guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, on 12 Indian banks,
including us, following its scrutiny of the loan and current accounts of a corporate borrower with these banks. The penalty imposed
on us was Rs. 4 million.

In December 2014, the Reserve Bank of India
imposed penalties on two Indian banks, including us, for non-compliance with the know your customer/anti-money laundering directions/guidelines
issued by the Reserve Bank of India in respect of fraudulent opening of fictitious accounts with certain banks. The penalty imposed
on us was Rs. 5 million.

The Reserve Bank of India had initiated
an inspection on know your customer/anti-money laundering aspects across various banks including ICICI Bank. Based on the inspection,
the Reserve Bank of India sought explanations on certain matters in April 2016. ICICI Bank responded to the explanation and the
Reserve Bank of India has accepted the Bank’s responses in the matter.

In November 2017, an overseas regulator
imposed a total sum of approximately US$ 0.59 million for non-adherence of rules under anti-money laundering regulations at one
of ICICI Bank’s overseas branches, resulting from a regulatory inspection conducted in 2013 and pursuant to a consultant’s
review of records, relating to the period of May 2012 to April 2014. There were no dealings with sanctioned entities and the remediation
primarily required improvement to the branch’s anti-money laundering/combating of financing of terrorism controls, which
has since been undertaken. The local regulator in that jurisdiction has also acknowledged the efforts undertaken by the branch
in addressing the issues identified in these reports.

In December 2017, the Bank received three
notices from Unique Identification Authority of India for non-compliance of guidelines under Aadhaar (Authentication) Regulations,
2016. The key non-compliance stated in the notices included obtaining universal consent from customers for use of Aadhaar details
of customers to authenticate the customer with Unique Identification Authority of India in respect of all products and services
offered by its Group companies even if these products and services are not availed/intended to be availed by the customers, sharing
of Aadhaar details between the Bank and the group companies, over-writing of customers’ previous bank account with ICICI
Bank which results in transfer of various Aadhaar linked subsidies to the customer’s account with the Bank, and non-conformity
with standard application programming interfaces and specifications laid down by Unique Identification Authority of India and
Aadhaar (Authentication) Regulations, 2016. The Bank has since responded to the notices and is awaiting further communication
from Unique Identification Authority of India in this regard.

See also “
Risk Factors—
Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment
in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action, whether formal or informal. Following the financial crisis, regulators
are increasingly viewing us, as well as other financial institutions, as presenting a higher risk profile than in the past”
and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely
impact our business and financial results and the prices of our equity shares and ADS.
”.

Audit

The Internal Audit Group, governed by a
Group Audit Charter and Internal Audit Policy approved by the Board of Directors, provides independent, objective assurance on
the effectiveness of internal controls, risk management and corporate governance and suggests improvements. It helps us accomplish
our objectives by evaluating and improving the effectiveness of risk management, internal controls and governance processes, through
a systematic and disciplined approach. The Internal Audit Group acts as an independent entity and reports to the Audit Committee
of the Board.

The Internal Audit Group maintains staff
with sufficient knowledge, skills, experience and professional certifications. It deploys audit resources with expertise in audit
execution and adequate understanding of business activities. The processes within Internal Audit Group are certified under ISO
9001-2015. Further, an assessment of the quality of assurance provided by the Internal Audit Group is conducted through an independent
external firm once in three years.

84

The Internal Audit Group has adopted a
risk based audit methodology in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The risk-based audit methodology is outlined
in the Internal Audit Policy. An annual risk-based audit plan is drawn up based on the risk-based audit methodology and is approved
by the Audit Committee of the Board. Accordingly, the Internal Audit Group undertakes a comprehensive audit of all branches, business
groups and other functions in accordance with the risk-based audit plan. Resources required for implementing the risk based audit
plan are also approved by the Audit Committee.

The Internal Audit Group also has a dedicated
team responsible for information technology security audits. The annual audit plan covers various components of information technology
including applications, infrastructure, information technology governance/risk management and information technology general controls.
Cyber security is a key focus area for audit, and activities undertaken by the information security function are also subjected
to audit.

The Reserve Bank of India requires banks
to have a process of concurrent audits at business groups dealing with treasury functions, branches handling large volumes, to
cover a minimum of 50.0% of credit, deposits and other risk exposures of the Bank, head office functions and information technology
data centers. In compliance with the requirements, the Internal Audit Group has formulated an approach for concurrent audits at
treasury related functions and at select branches. Concurrent audits are also carried out at centralized and regional processing
centers and at centralized operations units with a focus on areas that are identified as needing transaction testing and also to
test the existence of and adherence to internal controls. The information technology data center and some of the head office functions
are also under purview of concurrent audit. The details of the concurrent audit coverage are outlined in the annual risk based
audit plan.

The audit of overseas banking subsidiaries
and domestic non-banking subsidiaries is carried out by a dedicated team of resident auditors attached to the respective subsidiaries.
These audit teams functionally report to the Audit Committees of the respective subsidiary and to the Internal Audit Group. The
audit of overseas branches and representative offices is carried out by audit teams consisting of auditors from India as well as
a resident auditor based at the Singapore branch. International operations outsourced to India are audited by a team of auditors
in India.

Legal and Regulatory Risk

We are involved in various litigations
and are subject to a wide variety of banking and financial services laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which
we operate. We are also subject to a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of these jurisdictions. The
uncertainty of the enforceability of the obligations of our customers and counter-parties, including the foreclosure on collateral,
creates legal risk. Changes in laws and regulations could adversely affect us. Legal risk is higher in new areas of business where
the law is often untested by the courts. We seek to minimize legal risk by using stringent legal documentation, employing procedures
designed to ensure that transactions are properly authorized and consulting internal and external legal advisors. See also “
Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—We are involved in various litigations. Any final judgment awarding material
damages against us could have a material adverse impact on our future financial performance and our stockholders’ equity”,
“Risk Factors— Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The regulatory environment
for financial institutions is facing unprecedented change in the post-financial crisis environment”, and “—Legal
and Regulatory Proceedings
”.

Risk Management Framework for International
Operations

We have adopted a risk management framework
for our international banking operations, including overseas branches, our International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit
and Offshore Banking Unit. Under the framework, the Bank’s credit, investment, asset liability management and anti-money
laundering policies apply to all the overseas branches, our International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit and Offshore Banking
Unit, with modifications to meet local regulatory or business requirements. These modifications may be made with the approval of
our Board of Directors or the committees designated by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors/designated committee of the
Board approve their respective risk management policies, based on applicable laws and regulations as well as the Bank’s corporate
governance and risk management framework. Policies at the overseas banking subsidiaries are approved by Board of Directors of the
respective subsidiaries and are framed in consultation with the related groups in the Bank as per the risk management framework.

The Compliance Group oversees regulatory
compliance at the overseas branches, its International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit and Offshore Banking Unit. Compliance
risk assessment along with the key risk indicators pertaining to our domestic and international banking operations are presented
to the Risk Committee of our Board of Directors on a periodic basis. Management of regulatory compliance risk is considered as
an integral component of the governance framework at the Bank and its subsidiaries along with the internal control mechanisms.

85

We have therefore adopted an appropriate framework for compliance,
by formulating the Group Compliance Policy, which is approved by the Board of Directors and is reviewed from time to time. The
Group Compliance Policy outlines a framework for identification and evaluation of the significant compliance risks, on a consolidated
basis, in order to assess how these risks might affect our safety and soundness.

Risk Management in Key Subsidiaries

ICICI Bank UK PLC

The key material risks to which ICICI Bank
UK is exposed to include credit risk (including concentration risk and political risk), market risk (including interest rate and
credit spread risks), liquidity risk and operational risk (including compliance, legal risk and conduct risks).

The Board of Directors of ICICI Bank UK
is responsible for oversight and control of the functioning of ICICI Bank UK and approves all major policies and procedures. The
Board is assisted by its sub-committees, the Audit Committee, Governance Committee, Risk Committee, Conduct Risk Committee and
Credit Committee which have been constituted to facilitate focused oversight on various risks. ICICI Bank UK’s risk appetite
and policies approved by the Board/or the Board’s committees form the governing framework for each type of risk. Business
activities are undertaken within the approved risk appetite and policy framework.

All credit risk related issues are governed
by ICICI Bank UK’s Credit Risk Management Policy. ICICI Bank UK takes a two-tier approach to assessment of credit risk. The
first review is carried out by the commercial officer proposing the transaction and the second review comprises of an independent
review and assessment by an officer from the risk team. Credit risk is also managed at the portfolio level by monitoring the key
parameters of risk concentration such as industry exposures, country exposures, rating category based exposures, product specific
exposures and large exposures.

ICICI Bank UK has a Board approved Internal
Liquidity Adequacy Assessment process (ILAAP) document, which outlines the liquidity management process of the Bank. The Bank uses
various tools for measurement of liquidity risk including the statement of structural liquidity, liquidity ratios and stress testing
through scenario analysis. In line with its liquidity risk appetite, ICICI Bank UK maintains adequate high quality liquid assets/central
bank reserves to cover projected stressed outflows under various scenarios. ICICI Bank UK maintains high quality liquid assets
to comply with the liquidity coverage requirements stipulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority.

ICICI Bank UK has Board/Board committee
approved policies for managing market risk such as its treasury policy manual and mandate, valuation policy, model validation policy
and independent price verification policy. For monitoring and managing market risk, it uses various risk metrics, including the
duration of equity, earnings at risk, portfolio limits, price value of one basis point change in interest rate, price value of
one basis point change in credit spread, stop loss limits and value at risk limits.

The management of operational risk (including
fraud risk) is governed by the Operational Risk Management Policy approved by the Board Risk Committee. Operational risk elements
covered in the Operational Risk Management Policy include operational incident management, techniques for risk identification and
measurement, monitoring through key risk indicators and risk mitigation techniques.

The Bank’s Conduct Risk Appetite
Framework is approved by the Board of the Bank and reviewed and approved on an annual basis by the Board Risk Committee. The Bank’s
Conduct Risk Appetite is closely aligned to the FCA requirements and expectations. It balances the need of all stakeholders by
acting as both a governor of risk and driver of current and future business strategy, with particular focus on delivering fair
outcomes to the Bank’s customers. The Bank has also established a Conduct Risk Policy, which is aligned with the Conduct
Risk Appetite Framework and ensures that effective governance arrangements are in place for managing and monitoring conduct risk
exposure of the Bank.

The Bank has established an Information
Security Risk Management Framework for the management of information security related risks including cyber risk at the Bank, within
the guidelines of the Group Information Security Policy. The Bank has implemented an integrated approach to security and made significant
progress in enhancing its Information Security governance through monitoring at the Information Security Committee. Additionally,
periodic presentations are made to the Board Risk Committee on cyber threats and various measures taken by the Bank mitigating
cyber security risks and threats. The various measures include periodic vulnerability and penetration testing, application security
life cycle assessment for critical applications, information security awareness programs and cyber incident management. During
the year, the Bank renewed its “Cyber Essentials” certificate and badge which demonstrated that the Bank’s Information
Security processes and procedures meet the UK market baseline standards.

86

ICICI Bank Canada

ICICI Bank Canada is exposed to risks such
as credit risk, market risk, operational risk, structural interest rate risk, liquidity risk, compliance and reputation risk. ICICI
Bank Canada has developed an Enterprise Risk Management Framework designed to ensure that the risks are identified, measured and
monitored effectively. The framework also requires the establishment of policies and procedures to monitor and mitigate the risks.

The Board of Directors of ICICI Bank Canada
has oversight on all risks assumed by ICICI Bank Canada. The Board has established committees and assigned specific mandates to
the committees for providing oversight for the various risks facing it. The policies approved by the Board create the governing
framework for managing various risks faced by ICICI Bank Canada. Business activities are undertaken within this policy framework.

The Risk Committee of the Board has delegated
the operational responsibility for credit risk management to the Management Credit Committee within the broad parameters and limits
laid down in the Corporate & Commercial Credit and Recovery Policy, Retail Credit Recovery Policy, and Residential Mortgage
Underwriting Policy. The Management Credit Committee approves credit proposals before recommending them to Risk Committee, which
manages the credit risk on a portfolio basis and reviews asset quality and portfolio quality on a monthly basis.

The Risk Committee has delegated operational
responsibility for market risk management, structural interest rate risk management and liquidity risk management to the Asset
Liability Committee within the broad parameters and limits laid down in the Market Risk Management Policy and Liquidity Management
Policy respectively. The Asset Liability Committee reviews matters pertaining to Investment and Treasury operations and the implementation
of risk mitigation measures and recommends major policy changes governing treasury activities to the Risk Committee. Asset Liability
Committee reviews adherence to market risk and liquidity risk requirements of the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions
(Canada’s banking regulator), internal control guidelines and limits.

The Risk Committee has delegated operational
responsibility for management of operational risk to the Operational Risk Committee under the Management Committee. Operational
Risk Committee is responsible for managing operational risks in the day-to-day operations of ICICI Bank Canada. The Operational
Risk Committee under the oversight of Management Committee reviews the Operational Risk Management implementation and operational
risk profiles on a monthly basis.

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership is
a primary dealer and has government of India securities as a significant proportion of its portfolio. The Corporate Risk Management
Group at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership has developed comprehensive risk management policies which seek to manage the risks
generated by the activities of the organization. The Corporate Risk Management Group develops and maintains models to assess market
risks which are constantly updated to capture the dynamic nature of the markets and in this capacity, participates in the evaluation
and introduction of new products and business activities.

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership has
an internal Risk Management Committee which is chaired by an Independent Director and comprises members of its Board of Directors.
The Risk Management Committee is responsible for analyzing and monitoring the risks associated with the different business activities
of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership and overseeing adherence to the risk and investment limits set by its Board of Directors.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company

The risk governance structure of ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company consists of the Board, Board Risk Management Committee, Executive Risk Committee and its sub-committees.
The Board, on the recommendation of Board Risk Management Committee, has approved the risk policy which covers the identification,
measurement, monitoring and control standards relating to various individual risks, namely investment (market, credit and liquidity),
insurance and operational risks. The risk policy sets out the governance structure for risk management in ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company.

The Board Risk Management Committee, which
consists of non-executive directors, formulates the risk management policy, including asset liability management, monitors all
risks across various lines of business and establishes appropriate systems to mitigate such risks. The Board Risk Management Committee
also defines ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company’s risk appetite and risk profile, oversees the effective operation of
the risk management system and advises the Board on key risk issues.

The Executive Risk Committee, which comprises
senior management, is responsible for assisting the Board and the Board Risk Management Committee in their risk management duties
by guiding, coordinating and overseeing

87

compliance with the risk management policies and, in particular,
is responsible for the approval of all new products launched by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company.

The risk management model of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company comprises a four-stage continuous cycle, namely identification and assessment, measurement, monitoring and
control of risks. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company’s risk policy details the strategy and procedures adopted to follow
the risk management cycle at the enterprise level. A risk report detailing the key risk exposures faced by ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company and mitigation measures is placed before the Board Risk Management Committee on a quarterly basis.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company

ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company is principally exposed to risks arising out of the nature of business underwritten and credit risk on its total
investment assets as well as the credit risk it carries on its reinsurers. In respect of business risk, ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company seeks to diversify its insurance business across product classes, industry sectors and geographical
regions. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company focuses on achieving a balance between the corporate and retail business mix
to achieve favorable claim ratio and risk diversification. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company has a risk retention and
reinsurance policy whereby tolerance levels are set as per risk and on a per event basis. ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company also has the ability to limit its risk exposure by way of re-insurance arrangements. Investments of the company are
governed by the investment policy approved by its Board of Directors within the norms stipulated by the Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority of India. As per the  Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
Investment Regulations, the Company is required to invest a certain portion of its investment assets in central government
securities and state government securities/loans. The regulations also have a stipulation to invest in AAA or equivalent
rating debt instruments. The Investment Committee oversees the implementation of this policy and reviews it periodically.
Exposure to any single non-government issuer is restricted to maximum 5.0% of the total investment assets, by cost.
The regulatory stipulation for such exposure is capped at 10.0% of the investment assets. The Company invests a minimum of
5.0% of its investment assets in money market instruments to ensure adequate liquidity in the investment portfolio.

Controls and Procedures

We have carried out an evaluation under
the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act at year-end
fiscal 2019.

As a result, it has been concluded that,
as of the end of the period covered by this report, the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable
assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Securities Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required.

However, as a result of our evaluation,
we noted certain areas where our processes and controls, including information technology related processes and controls, could
be improved. The Audit Committee monitors the resolution of any identified significant process and control improvement opportunities
to a satisfactory conclusion. Like all financial institutions, we nevertheless believe there is room for further improvement. We
are committed to continuing to implement and improve internal controls and our risk management processes, and this remains a key
priority for us. We also have a process whereby business and financial officers throughout the Bank attest to the accuracy of reported
financial information as well as the effectiveness of disclosure controls, procedures and processes.

There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness
of any system, especially of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error, circumvention or overriding
of the controls and procedures, in a fast-changing environment or when entering new areas of business or expanding geographic reach.
Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control
objectives.

We have experienced significant growth
in a fast-changing environment, and management is aware that this may pose significant challenges to the control framework. See
also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—There is operational risk associated with the financial
industries which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business
”.

Management’s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act).
Our internal control system has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and preparation and fair presentation of our published Indian GAAP consolidated financial statements and disclosures relating to
U.S. GAAP net income

88

reconciliation, stockholders’ equity reconciliation and
other disclosures as required by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable GAAP.

Management maintains an internal control
system intended to ensure that financial reporting provides reasonable assurance that transactions are executed in accordance with
the authorizations of management and directors, assets are safeguarded and financial records are reliable.

Our internal controls include policies
and procedures that:

·   pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect in reasonable detail the transactions and dispositions
of our assets;

·   provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and the executive directors; and

·   provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

All internal control systems, no matter
how well-designed, have inherent limitations, and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting at year-end fiscal 2019 based on criteria set by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on the assessment, management concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was effective at year-end fiscal 2019. Effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting at year-end fiscal 2019 has been audited by KPMG, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated
in their attestation report, which is included herein.
See also “—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”.

Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

No change in our internal control over
financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this annual report that has materially affected or is reasonably likely
to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.

Loan Portfolio

Our gross loan portfolio increased by 14.6%
from Rs. 5,944.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 6,814.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. At year-end fiscal 2019, approximately
81.8% of our gross loans were rupee loans.

Loan Portfolio by Categories

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, our gross rupee and foreign currency loans by business category.

At March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2019
(in millions)
Consumer loans and
    credit card receivables (1)   Rs.   1,762,154   Rs.   2,153,561   Rs.   2,446,478   Rs.   2,924,289   Rs.   3,578,558   US$   51,743
Rupee   1,534,281   1,895,734   2,259,184   2,735,592   3,330,733   48,160
Foreign currency (2)   227,873   257,827   187,294   188,697   247,825   3,583
Commercial (3)   2,745,376   2,944,355   2,906,744   3,018,836   3,234,407   46,767
Rupee   1,493,578   1,631,734   1,729,028   1,971,895   2,243,023   32,432
Foreign currency   1,251,798   1,312,621   1,177,666   1,046,941   991,384   14,335
Lease financing   —   —   —   1,137   1,418   21
Rupee   —   —   —   —   —   —
Foreign currency   —   —   —   1,137   1,418   21
Gross loans   4,507,530   5,097,916   5,353,222   5,944,262   6,814,383   98,531
Rupee   3,027,859   3,527,468   3,988,261   4,707,487   5,573,756   80,592
Foreign currency   1,479,671   1,570,448   1,364,961   1,236,775   1,240,627   17,939
Total gross loans   4,507,530   5,097,916   5,353,222   5,944,262   6,814,383   98,531
Allowance for loan losses   (122,629   )   (160,625   )   (200,049   )   (275,720   )   (344,766   )   (4,985   )
Net loans   Rs.   4,384,901   Rs.   4,937,291   Rs.   5,153,173   Rs.   5,668,542   Rs.   6,469,617   US$   93,546

(1)   Includes home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, two-wheeler loans, personal loans, credit card receivables,
jewel loans, farm equipment loans and other rural loan products.

(2)   Includes loans against foreign currency non-resident (bank) deposits of Rs. 64.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

(3)   Includes builder financing and dealer financing.

89

Our gross rupee loans increased from Rs.
4,707.5 billion constituting 79.2% of our total gross loans at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 5,573.8 billion constituting 81.8% of
our total gross loans at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in consumer loans and credit card receivables. Our gross
foreign currency loans increased from Rs. 1,236.8 billion, constituting 20.8% of our total gross loans at year-end fiscal 2018
to Rs. 1,240.6 billion, constituting 18.2% of our total gross loans at year-end fiscal 2019. See also “
Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects—Financial Condition—Assets—Advances
”.

At year-end fiscal 2019, we did not have
outstanding cross-border loans (defined as loans made to borrowers outside of India) exceeding 1.0% of our assets in any country
except Canada, which were between approximately 2.0% to 2.5% of our assets. We had outstanding cross-border loans to U.S., United
Arab Emirates and United Kingdom borrowers amounting to between 0.4% and 1.0% of our assets.

Collateral —Completion, Perfection and
Enforcement

Our loan portfolio largely consists of
project and corporate finance and working capital loans to corporate borrowers, loans to retail customers, including home loans,
automobile loans, commercial business loans, personal loans and credit card receivables and agricultural financing. Our unsecured
loans primarily include personal loans, credit card receivables and loans to higher-rated corporate borrowers. For loans which
are secured, we stipulate that the loans should be collateralized at the time of loan origination. However, it should be noted
that obstacles within the Indian legal system can create delays in enforcing collateral. See
“Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business— Our level of non-performing assets is elevated, and if the level of non-performing assets is elevated,
and if the level of our non-performing assets increases further and the overall quality of our loan portfolio continues to deteriorate,
our business will suffer”
. In India, there are no regulations stipulating loan-to-collateral limits, except in the case
of home loans and loan against gold ornaments and jewelry. The Reserve Bank of India, through a guideline has capped the loan-to-value
ratio at 90% for home loans up to Rs. 3.0 million, at 80% for home loans between Rs. 3.0 million and Rs. 7.5 million and at 75%
for home loans above Rs 7.5 million. Further, the Reserve Bank of India, through a guideline has capped the loan-to-value ratio
at 75% for non-agricultural loans secured by gold ornaments and jewelry.

Secured consumer loan portfolio

Secured consumer loans for the purchase
of assets, such as mortgage loans and automobile loans are secured by the assets being financed (predominantly property and vehicles).

Depending on the type of borrower and the
asset being financed, the borrower may also be required to contribute towards the cost of the asset. Accordingly, the security
value is generally higher than the loan amount at the date of loan origination.

For other secured consumer loans, such
as loans against property and property overdrafts, we generally require collateral of 125% of the loan amount at origination.

Commercial loans

The Bank generally requires collateral
at origination for commercial loans. We also provide unsecured loans to higher rated, well-established corporate borrowers. The
collateral for project and other corporate loans are usually immovable assets, which are typically mortgaged in the Bank’s
favor, or movable assets, which are typically hypothecated or pledged in the Bank’s favor. These security interests must
be perfected by the registration of these interests within time limits stipulated under the Companies Act with the Registrar of
Companies pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act when borrowers are constituted as companies. Security interests upon
immovable property are required to be registered with the relevant Sub- Registrar in terms of the Registration Act, 1908. This
registration amounts to a constructive public notice of the security interests. Prior to creation of security interests on all
assets, which are not stock-in-trade for the company, a no-objection certificate from the income tax authorities is required to
ensure priority for the charge vis-à-vis income tax dues. We may also take security of a pledge of financial assets like
marketable securities, and obtain corporate guarantees and personal guarantees wherever appropriate. In

90

certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating
to sponsor shareholding in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding.
Covenants involving equity shares generally have a top-up mechanism based on price triggers. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—The value of our collateral may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing our collateral
when borrowers default on their obligations to us which may result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security
exposing us to a potential loss
”.

The Bank generally requires collateral
value at 150% of the outstanding loan amounts for loans to real estate companies and lease rental discounting facilities. Our lease
rental discounting facility is a loan facility offered to borrowers where the loans are granted against confirmed future lease
rental payments to be received by the borrowers. Further, the Bank has also laid down limits for unsecured exposures which restrict
the exposure to unsecured facilities.

For working capital facilities, the current
assets of borrowers are generally taken as collateral. Each borrower is required to declare the value of current assets periodically.
The borrower’s credit limit is subject to an internally approved ceiling that applies to all borrowers. We calculate a borrower’s
credit limits as a certain percentage of the value of the collateral, which provides us with an adequate margin, should the borrower
default.

Additionally, in some cases, we may take
further security of a first or second charge on fixed assets, a pledge of financial assets like marketable securities, or obtain
corporate guarantees and personal guarantees wherever appropriate. We also accept post-dated checks and cash as additional comfort
for the facilities provided to various entities.

The Bank has an internal framework for
updating the collateral values of commercial loans on a periodic basis. Generally, for commercial loans, the value of moveable
property held as collateral is updated annually and the value of immovable property held as collateral is updated every three years.

The Bank has a mechanism by which it tracks
the creation of security and follows up in case of any delay in creation of any security interest. The delays could be due to time
taken for acquisition of the asset on which security interest is to be created (or completion of formalities related thereto),
obtaining of requisite consents including legal, statutory or contractual obligations to obtain such consents, obtaining of legal
opinions as to title and completion of necessary procedure for perfection of security in the respective jurisdictions.

The Bank is generally entitled, by the
terms of security documents, to enforce security and appropriate the proceeds towards the borrower’s loan obligations without
reference to the courts or tribunals unless a client makes a reference to such courts or tribunals to challenge such enforcement.

Separately, in India, foreclosure on collateral
of property can be undertaken directly by lenders by fulfilling certain procedures and requirements (unless challenged in courts
of law) or otherwise by a written petition to an Indian court or tribunal. The Securitization and Reconstruction of Financial Assets
and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002, allows the lenders to resolve non-performing assets by granting them greater rights
as to enforcement of security, including over immovable property and recovery of dues, without reference to the courts or tribunals.
However, the process may be subject to delays and administrative requirements that may result, or be accompanied by, a decrease
in the value of the collateral. These delays can last for several years and therefore might lead to deterioration in the physical
condition and market value of the collateral. In the event a corporate borrower is in financial difficulty and unable to sustain
itself, it may opt for the process of voluntary winding up.

The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016,
enacted in May 2016, provides for a time-bound revival and rehabilitation mechanism to resolve stressed assets. In June 2017, the
Reserve Bank of India issued directions to banks to file for resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code with the National
Company Law Tribunal in respect of 12 large stressed borrowers. In August 2017, the Reserve Bank of India identified additional
borrowers and directed banks to initiate an insolvency resolution process under the provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy
Code by December 31, 2017 if a resolution plan was not implemented by December 13, 2017. The banks have referred several of these
accounts to the National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code during fiscal 2018. Further, the Reserve
Bank of India introduced a new framework for the resolution of stressed assets in February 2018 by which banks were required to
implement a resolution plan within 180 days in respect of any overdue account where aggregate exposure of the lenders was Rs. 20.0
billion or more, and failing which the borrower would have to be referred for resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
However, this framework was struck down as
ultra vires
 by the Supreme Court. Subsequently, on June 7, 2019, the Reserve
Bank of India issued a fresh framework on resolution of stress assets by which the banks are required to implement the resolution
plan within 180 days from the end of “review period” (30 days from default) in respect of any overdue account where
the aggregate exposure of the lenders is Rs. 20.0 billion or more (Rs. 15.0 billion from January 1, 2020), failing which banks
will be required to make additional provision of 20.0%. The banks will be required to make further additional provision of 15.0%,
if the

91

resolution plan is not implemented within 365 days from the
commencement of “review period”. Half of the additional provision may be reversed on filing of the insolvency application
and remaining additional provision may be reversed upon admission of the borrower into the insolvency resolution process under
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. These additional provisions may also be reversed on implementation of the resolution plan,
if the borrower is not in default for a period of six months from the date of clearing of the overdues with all the lenders or
upon completion of the assignment of debt/recovery. The process of resolution of accounts referred under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy
Code is still evolving with periodic amendments being incorporated in the framework through both legislation and judicial decisions.
If resolution of one or more of these borrowers is not achieved and they go into liquidation, the realization from the collateral
may come down. See also “
Overview of the Indian Financial Sector—Legislative Framework for Recovery of Debts due
to Banks—Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
”.

In case of consumer installment loans,
we obtain direct debit mandates or post-dated checks towards repayment on pre-specified dates. Post-dated checks, if dishonored,
may entitle us on occurrence of certain events to initiate criminal proceedings against the issuer of the checks.

We recognize that our ability to realize
the full value of the collateral in respect of current assets is affected adversely by, among other things, delays on our part
in taking immediate action, delays in bankruptcy proceedings, defects in the perfection of collateral (including due to inability
to obtain approvals that may be required from various persons, agencies or authorities) and fraudulent transfers by borrowers and
other factors, including current legislative provisions or changes thereto and past or future judicial pronouncements. The value
and time to dispose the collateral could also be impacted by policy decisions. For example, the government of India’s decision
to withdraw legal tender status of higher denomination currency notes in November 2016 impacted the prices and demand in land and
housing market. In addition, the Bank generally has a right of set-off for amounts due to us on these facilities. The Bank generally
requires its working capital loan customers to submit data on their working capital position on a regular basis, so that we can
take any actions required before the loan becomes impaired. On a case-by-case basis, we may also stop or limit the borrower from
drawing further credit from its facility.

Loan Concentration

We follow a policy of portfolio diversification
and evaluate our total financing exposure in a particular industry in light of our forecasts of growth and profitability for that
industry. Our Credit Risk Management Group monitors all major sectors of the economy and specifically tracks industries in which
we have credit exposures. We seek to respond to economic weakness through active portfolio management, by restricting exposure
to weak sectors and increasing exposure to the segments that are growing and have been resilient. ICICI Bank’s policy is
to limit its loans to any particular industry (other than retail loans) to 15.0% of its total exposure.

Pursuant to the guidelines of the Reserve
Bank of India, credit exposure of banks to an individual borrower generally must not exceed 15.0% of our capital funds, unless
the exposure is in respect of an infrastructure project. Capital funds comprise Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital calculated pursuant to
the guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India, under Indian GAAP. Credit exposure to individual borrowers may exceed the exposure
norm of 15.0% of our capital funds by an additional 5.0% (i.e. the aggregate exposure can be 20.0%) provided the additional credit
exposure is on account of infrastructure financing. The exposure to a group of companies under the same management control generally
must not exceed 40.0% of the capital funds unless the exposure is in respect of an infrastructure project. The exposure to a group
of companies under the same management control, including exposure to infrastructure projects, may be up to 50.0% of our capital
funds. Banks may, in exceptional circumstances, with the approval of their Boards, enhance the exposure by 5.0% of capital funds
(i.e., the aggregate exposure can be 20.0% of capital funds for an individual borrower and the aggregate exposure can be 45.0%
of capital funds for a group of companies under the same management), making appropriate disclosures in their annual reports. Exposure
for funded and non-funded credit facilities is calculated as the total committed amount or the outstanding amount whichever is
higher (for term loans, as the sum of undisbursed commitments and the outstanding amount). Investment exposure is considered at
book value. At year-end fiscal 2019, we were in compliance with these guidelines.

Effective April 1, 2019 the Reserve
Bank of India has replaced the above guidelines with a revised framework. As per the revised framework, the sum of all the
exposure values of a bank to a single counterparty must not be higher than 20.0% of the bank’s eligible capital base at
all times and the sum of all the exposure values of a bank to a group of connected counterparties must not be higher than
25.0% of the bank’s eligible capital base at all times. Eligible capital base represents the Bank’s Tier 1
capital
.
The limit is applicable to total exposure, including
off-balance sheet exposures. Off-balance sheet items are required to be converted into credit exposure equivalents through
the use of credit conversion factors as per the standardised approach for credit risk for risk based capital requirements,
with a floor of 10.0%.

92

In addition, the Bank has strengthened
its framework for managing concentration risk with respect to single borrower and group exposures, based on the internal rating
and track record of the borrowers. See also
-“Risk Management-Credit Risk”.

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, the composition of our gross advances.

At
    March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
Amount   As
    a %   Amount   As
    a %   Amount   As
    a %   Amount   As
    a %   Amount   Amount   As
    a%
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance (1),
    (2)   Rs.   1,956,857   43.4   %   Rs.   2,385,701   46.8   %   Rs.   2,689,642   50.2   %   Rs.   3,207,922   54.0   %   Rs.   3,937,926   US$   56,939   57.8   %
Services—finance   146,879   3.2   161,303   3.2   273,163   5.1   343,526   5.8   467,808   6,764   6.9
Roads, port, telecom,
    urban development & other infrastructure   260,526   5.8   285,898   5.6   239,522   4.5   217,537   3.7   300,742   4,349   4.4
Power   260,204   5.8   283,433   5.6   311,902   5.8   287,473   4.8   211,634   3,060   3.1
Services—non finance   286,844   6.4   280,733   5.5   233,575   4.4   231,881   3.9   191,144   2,764   2.8
Wholesale/retail trade   137,036   3.0   148,575   2.9   133,313   2.5   146,023   2.5   177,258   2,563   2.6
Iron/steel and products   233,712   5.2   270,478   5.3   249,504   4.7   212,233   3.6   175,631   2,539   2.6
Crude petroleum/ refining & petrochemicals   140,852   3.1   104,531   2.1   86,852   1.6   142,451   2.4   168,268   2,433   2.5
Construction   107,610   2.4   114,625   2.2   107,309   2.0   127,371   2.1   130,580   1,888   1.9
Electronics & engineering   81,599   1.8   82,453   1.6   100,167   1.9   103,420   1.7   120,636   1,744   1.8
Mining   80,037   1.8   82,896   1.6   110,157   2.1   106,257   1.8   80,940   1,170   1.2
Chemicals and fertilizers   31,254   0.7   44,775   0.9   55,473   1.0   64,493   1.1   77,287   1,118   1.1
Food & beverages   77,592   1.7   83,094   1.6   88,356   1.7   77,305   1.3   70,887   1,025   1.0
Metal & products
    (excluding iron & steel)   112,766   2.5   118,213   2.3   98,176   1.8   55,678   0.9   60,319   872   0.9
Gems & jewelry   45,047   1.0   51,516   1.0   45,254   0.8   44,019   0.7   58,020   839   0.9
Cement   92,581   2.1   85,988   1.7   76,091   1.4   63,074   1.1   33,825   489   0.5
Shipping   67,480   1.5   61,660   1.2   31,562   0.6   26,353   0.4   23,142   335   0.3
Others (3)   388,654   8.6   452,044   8.9   423,204   7.9   487,246   8.2   528,336   7,640   7.7
Gross
    loans   4,507,530   100.0   %   5,097,916   100.0   %   5,353,222   100.0   %   5,944,262   100.0   %   6,814,383   98,531   100.0   %
Allowance
    for loan losses   (122,629   )   (160,625   )   (200,049   )   (275,720   )   (344,766   )   (4,985   )
Net
    loans   Rs.   4,384,901   Rs.   4,937,291   Rs.   5,153,173   Rs.   5,668,542   Rs.   6,469,617   US$   93,546

(1)   Includes home
                                         loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, dealer financing and small ticket
                                         loans to small businesses, personal loans, credit cards, rural loans and loans against
                                         securities.

(2)   Includes loans
                                         against foreign currency non-resident (bank) deposits of Rs. 64.5 billion at March
                                         31, 2019.

(3)   Primarily include
                                         developer financing portfolio, manufacturing products (excluding metal), automobiles,
                                         textile, drugs and pharmaceuticals and fast moving consumer goods.

Our capital allocation is focused on building
a granular portfolio and sustainably improving our portfolio quality. We are focused on capitalizing on opportunities in retail
lending, including cross-selling additional products to our existing customers and growing our lending to small businesses, while
adopting a selective approach to corporate lending. Given the focus on the above priorities, gross retail finance advances (including
loans against foreign currency non-resident deposits) increased by 22.8% compared to an increase of 14.6% in total gross advances
in fiscal 2019. As a result, retail finance increased from 54.0% of gross loans at year-end fiscal 2018 to 57.8% of gross loans
at year-end fiscal 2019. Further, non-retail finance advances increased primarily due to an increase in advances to the services-finance
sector by Rs. 124.3 billion and roads, port, telecom, urban development and other infrastructure by Rs. 83.2 billion, offset, in
part, by a decrease in advances to the Power sector by Rs. 75.8 billion. The net increase in advances to services-finance and roads,
port, telecom, urban development and other infrastructure in fiscal 2019 was primarily to the higher rated borrowers based on the
Bank’s internal ratings.

At year-end fiscal 2019, our 20 largest
borrowers accounted for approximately 7.8% of our gross loan portfolio, with the largest borrower accounting for approximately
1.0% of our gross loan portfolio. The largest group of companies under the same management control accounted for approximately
1.7% of our gross loan portfolio.

At year-end fiscal 2019, our largest non-bank
borrower accounted for approximately 9.6% of our capital funds. The largest group of companies under the same management control
accounted for approximately 23.2% of our capital funds.

93

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, credit quality indicators of net loans.

Rupees in million
Rating Grades   At March
31, 2018   At March 31, 2019
Investment grade   Rs.   5,116,900.0   6,168,280.0
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   2,401,591.4   2,909,992.5
A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   1,143,411.6   1,434,522.3
BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   1,571,897.0   1,823,765.2
Below investment grade 1   517,230.2   281,763.5
Unrated   34,412.0   19,573.3
Net loans   Rs.   5,668,542.2   6,469,616.8

 ____________________________________________

1.   Includes non-performing and restructured loans.

See also “
Consolidated financial Statements-Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional Notes-Note 7 - Credit quality indicators of loans
”.

Geographic Diversity

Our portfolios are geographically diversified.
The state of Maharashtra accounted for the largest proportion of our domestic gross loans outstanding at year-end fiscal 2019.

Directed Lending

The Reserve Bank of India requires banks
to lend to certain sectors of the economy. Such directed lending comprises priority sector lending and export credit.

Priority Sector Lending

The Reserve Bank of India guidelines on
priority sector lending require banks to lend 40.0% of their adjusted net bank credit, to fund certain types of activities carried
out by specified borrowers. The definition of adjusted net bank credit includes bank credit in India adjusted by bills rediscounted
with the Reserve Bank of India and other approved financial institutions and certain investments including priority sector lending
certificates and investments in Rural Infrastructure Development Fund and other specified funds on account of priority sector shortfall
and is computed with reference to the outstanding amount at corresponding date of the preceding year as prescribed by the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines ‘Master Direction – Priority Sector Lending – Targets and Classification’. Further,
the Reserve Bank of India allow exclusion from adjusted net bank credit for loans extended in India against incremental foreign
currency non-resident (bank)/non-resident external deposits during specified period and funds raised by way of the issue of long-term
bonds for financing infrastructure and low-cost housing subject to certain limit.

As prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India’s
Master Direction on “Priority Sector Lending - Targets and Classification” dated July 7, 2016, the priority sectors
include the agricultural sector, food and agri-based industries, small, micro and medium enterprises, education, housing, social
infrastructure, renewable energy and export credit. The overall target for priority sector lending is 40.0% of the adjusted net
bank credit, out of which banks are required to lend a minimum of 18.0% to the agriculture sector. There are sub-targets of 8.0%
for lending to small & marginal farmers (out of agriculture) and 7.5% lending target to micro-enterprises. The Reserve Bank
of India had directed banks to maintain direct lending to non-corporate farmers at the banking system’s average level for
the last three years, failing which banks will attract penalties for shortfall. The Reserve Bank of India has set a target of 12.0%
of adjusted net bank credit for this purpose for fiscal 2019. Banks are also required to lend 10.0% of their adjusted net bank
credit, to certain borrowers under the “weaker section” category. The Reserve Bank of India has also directed banks
to maintain lending to borrowers who constituted the direct agriculture lending category under the earlier guidelines. Priority
sector lending achievement are evaluated on a quarterly average basis from fiscal 2017 instead of only at the year-end earlier.

ICICI Bank is required to comply with the
priority sector lending requirements prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. The shortfall in the amount required
to be lent to the priority sectors and weaker sections may be required to be deposited in funds with government sponsored Indian
development banks like the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development, the Small Industries Development Bank of India,
the National Housing Bank, the Micro Units Development and Refinance Agency (MUDRA) Limited and other financial institutions as
decided by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time based on the allocations made by the Reserve Bank of India. These deposits
have a maturity of up to seven years and carry interest rates lower than market rates. At year-end fiscal 2019, our total

94

investment in such funds was Rs. 292.6 billion, which was fully
eligible for consideration in overall priority sector achievement.

As prescribed in the Reserve Bank of India
guideline, the Bank’s priority sector lending achievement is computed on quarterly average basis from fiscal 2017 onwards.
Total priority sector lending for fiscal 2019 was Rs. 1,891.7 billion constituting 41.5% (Rs. 1,500.8 billion constituting 37.7%
for fiscal 2018) of adjusted net bank credit against the requirement of 40.0% of adjusted net bank credit. The average lending
to agriculture sector for fiscal 2019 was Rs. 749.8 billion constituting 16.5% (Rs. 587.6 billion constituting 14.8% for fiscal
2018) of adjusted net bank credit against the requirement of 18.0% of adjusted net bank credit. The average advance to weaker sections
for fiscal 2019 was Rs. 403.5 billion constituting 8.9% (Rs. 246.6 billion constituting 6.2% for fiscal 2018) of adjusted net bank
credit against the requirement of 10.0% of adjusted net bank credit. The average lending to small and marginal farmers for fiscal
2019 was Rs. 307.7 billion constituting 6.8% (Rs. 170.7 billion constituting 4.3% for fiscal 2018) of adjusted net bank credit
against the requirement of 8.0% of adjusted net bank credit. The average lending to micro enterprises was Rs. 360.1 billion constituting
7.9% (Rs. 266.3 billion constituting 6.7% for fiscal 2018) of adjusted net bank credit against the requirement of 7.5% of adjusted
net bank credit. The average lending to non-corporate farmers was Rs. 496.1 billion constituting 10.9% (Rs. 352.0 billion constituting
8.9% for fiscal 2018) of adjusted net bank credit against the requirement of 12.0% of adjusted net bank credit. The above includes
the impact of Priority Sector Lending Certificate purchased/sold by the Bank. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Directed
Lending—Priority Sector Lending
”.

The following table sets forth ICICI Bank’s
average priority sector loans, classified by the type of borrower

Fiscal 2019
Amount   % of total priority sector lending   % of adjusted net bank credit
(in billion, except percentages)
Agricultural sector   Rs.   749.8   US$   11   39.6   %   16.5   %
Micro, small and medium enterprises   856.2   12   45.3   18.8
Others   285.7   4   15.1   6.3
Total   Rs.   1,891.7   US$   27   100.0   %   41.5   %

Fiscal 2018
Amount   % of total priority sector lending   % of adjusted net bank credit
(in billion, except percentages)
Agricultural sector   Rs.   587.6   US$   9   39.2.   %   14.8   %
Micro, small and medium enterprises   635.1   9   42.3   16.0
Others   278.1   4   18.5   7.0
Total   Rs.   1,500.8   US$   22   100.0   %   37.7   %

Export Credit

The Reserve Bank of India also requires banks to make loans
to exporters at concessional interest rates, as part of directed lending. Export credit is provided for pre-shipment and post-shipment
requirements of exporter borrowers in rupees and foreign currencies. At least 12.0% of a bank’s adjusted net bank credit
is required to be in the form of export credit. This requirement is in addition to the priority sector lending requirement but
credits extended to exporters that are small scale industries or small businesses may also meet part of the priority sector lending
requirement. The Reserve Bank of India provides export refinancing to banks for an eligible portion of total outstanding export
loans in rupees in line with the current Reserve Bank of India guidelines in India as amended from time to time. The interest income
earned on export credits is supplemented through fees and commissions earned from these exporter customers from other fee-based
products and services taken by them from us, such as foreign exchange products and bill handling. At March 31, 2019, ICICI Bank’s
export credit was Rs. 58.5 billion, which amounted to 1.3% of the Bank’s adjusted net bank credit.

Loan Pricing

As required by the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines effective July 1, 2010, ICICI Bank priced its loans with reference to a base rate, called the ICICI Bank Base Rate till
March 31, 2016. The Asset Liability Management

95

Committee sets the ICICI Bank Base Rate based on ICICI
Bank’s current cost of funds, likely changes in the Bank’s cost of funds, market rates, interest rate outlook and
other systemic factors. Pricing for new rupee floating rate proposals and renewal of rupee facilities till March 31, 2016
were linked to the ICICI Bank Base Rate and comprise the ICICI Bank Base Rate, transaction-specific spread and other charges.
The Reserve Bank of India also stipulated that a bank’s lending rates for rupee loans cannot be lower than its base
rate, except for certain categories of loans as may be specified by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. ICICI
Bank’s base rate at July 31, 2019 was 8.95% per annum payable monthly.

Based on the revised guidelines of the
Reserve Bank of India, all rupee loans sanctioned and credit limits renewed with effect from April 1, 2016 are required to be priced
with reference to marginal cost of funds based lending rate. Banks are required to publish marginal cost of funds based lending
rates for various tenures such as, overnight, one month, three months, six months and one year. Marginal cost of funds based lending
rate includes marginal cost of funds, negative carry on cash reserve ratio, operations cost and tenure premium/discount for various
tenures. The Asset Liability Management Committee sets the ICICI Bank marginal cost of funds based lending rates. As required by
the guidelines, we publish the ICICI Bank marginal cost of funds based lending rates for various tenures on a monthly basis.

Pricing for floating rate approvals and
renewal of rupee facilities are linked to the ICICI Bank marginal cost of funds based lending rate and comprise the ICICI Bank
marginal cost of funds based lending rate and spread. The Reserve Bank of India has also stipulated that a bank’s lending
rates for rupee loans cannot be lower than its marginal cost of funds based lending rate, except for certain exemptions. As prescribed
in the guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India, existing borrowers will also have the option to move to the marginal cost of funds
based lending rate linked loan at mutually acceptable terms. All loans approved before April 1, 2016, and where the borrowers choose
not to migrate to the marginal cost of funds based lending rate system, would continue to be based on the earlier benchmark rate
regimes. ICICI Bank marginal cost of funds based lending rates at July 31, 2019 between 8.40%-8.65%.

In February 2018, the Reserve Bank of India
proposed to harmonize the methodology of determining benchmark rates by linking the base rate to the marginal cost based lending
rate. Final instructions/guidelines in this regard are awaited. Further, in December 2018, a Report of the Internal Study Group
to review the Working of the Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate (MCLR) System recommended the use of external benchmarks
by banks for floating rate loans instead of the present system of internal benchmarks. As a step in that direction, it was proposed
that all new floating rate personal or retail loans (housing, auto, etc.) and floating rate loans to Micro and Small Enterprises
extended by banks from April 1, 2019 shall be benchmarked to one of the specified external benchmark. However, the Reserve Bank
of India in its First Bi-monthly Monetary Policy Statement for 2019-20 in April 2019 decided to hold further consultations with
stakeholders. Final instructions/guidelines in this regard are awaited.

Classification of Loans

ICICI Bank classifies its assets, including
those in the overseas branches, as performing and non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, an asset is generally classified as non-performing if any amount of interest or principal
remains overdue for more than 90 days, in respect of term loans. In respect of overdraft or cash credit, an asset is classified
as non-performing if the account remains out of order for a continuous period of 90 days and in respect of bills, if the account
remains continuously overdue for more than 90 days. The Reserve Bank of India guidelines also require banks to classify an asset
as non-performing based on qualitative criteria such as use of loan funds by a borrower for purposes other than those stipulated
at the time of loan origination, inability of a borrower to perform or comply with the terms stipulated in a restructuring scheme
for loans restructured with forbearance in asset classification, assessment of a borrower’s ability to complete projects
which have been funded by the Bank within certain timelines documented at the time of loan origination and certain other non-financial
parameters. ICICI Home Finance Company classifies its loans and other credit facilities as per the guidelines of its regulator,
the National Housing Bank. Loans made by our United Kingdom banking subsidiary are classified as impaired only if there is objective
evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events (a loss event) that occurred after the initial recognition of the loan
and that loss event has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loan that can be reliably estimated. Loans made by
our Canadian banking subsidiary are considered credit impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
cash flows of that loan have occurred. Under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, non-performing assets are classified into sub-standard,
doubtful and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India. Loans held at the overseas branches that
are identified as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than record of recovery but which are standard as
per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines are identified as nonperforming assets to the extent of the amount is outstanding
in the host country. The Reserve Bank of India has separate guidelines for restructured loans. From April 1, 2015 onwards, loans
that are restructured (other than due to delay up to a specified period for the implementation of projects) are classified as non-performing,
other than loans already restructured prior to March 31,

96

2015 or where the restructuring was proposed prior to April
1, 2015 and was effected subsequently within prescribed timelines.
See below “—Restructured Loans”.

The classification of assets in accordance
with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines is detailed below.

Standard assets:   Assets that do not disclose any problems or which do not carry more than normal risk attached to the business are classified as standard assets.
Sub-standard assets:   Sub-standard assets comprise assets that are non-performing for a period not exceeding 12 months.
Doubtful assets:   Doubtful assets comprise assets that are non-performing for more than 12 months.
Loss assets:   Loss assets comprise assets the losses on which are identified or that are considered uncollectible.

There are separate guidelines for classification
of loans for projects under implementation which are based on the date of commencement of commercial production and date of completion
of the project as originally envisaged at the time of financial closure. A loan extended for the implementation of an infrastructure
project, is classified as non-performing if it fails to commence commercial operations within two years from the documented date
of commencement. Similarly, a loan extended for the implementation of a non-infrastructure project, is classified as non-performing
if the project fails to commence operations within 12 months from the documented date of such commencement. In April 2015, the
Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines for revival of projects which have been delayed due to inadequacies of the existing project
sponsors through a change in ownership of such projects. The guidelines permitted banks to extend the date for the commencement
of commercial operations of such projects up to a further period of two years subsequent to a change in ownership of the borrowing
entity being effected, with such assets being classified as standard. This would be in addition to the extension of the period
for completion of the projects as described above. Loans granted for the implementation of projects, restructured due to a delay
in implementation of the project (up to a specified period), continue to enjoy forbearance in asset classification subject to the
fulfillment of certain conditions stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India.

Our non-performing assets include loans
and advances as well as credit substitutes, which are funded credit exposures. In compliance with regulations governing the presentation
of financial information by banks, we report only non-performing loans and advances in our financial statements.

See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Loan
Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets—Asset Classification
”.

Restructured Loans

The Reserve Bank of India had separate
guidelines for restructured loans. As per these guidelines, up to March 31, 2015, a fully secured standard loan (other than that
classified as a commercial real estate exposure, a capital market exposure or a personal loan) could be restructured by the rescheduling
of principal repayments and/or the interest element and continue to be classified as a standard loan. However, such a loan needed
to be separately disclosed as a restructured loan.

From April 1, 2015 onwards, loans that
are restructured are classified as non-performing, other than loans already restructured prior to March 31, 2015 or where the restructuring
was proposed prior to April 1, 2015 and was effected subsequently within certain prescribed timelines. However, loans granted for
implementation of projects that are restructured due to a delay in implementation of the project (up to a specified period) enjoy
forbearance in asset classification subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India.

The diminution in the fair value of a restructured
loan, if any, measured in present value terms, is either written off or a provision is made to the extent of the diminution involved.
A restructured loan, which is classified as a standard restructured loan, is subject to higher standard asset provisioning and
higher risk weight for capital adequacy purposes than non-restructured standard loans up to the period specified in the guidelines.
The specified period is a period of one year from the commencement of the first payment of interest or principal whichever is later
on the credit facility with the longest moratorium as per the restructuring package during which payment performance is monitored.
The loan continues to be classified as restructured until it reverts to the normal level of standard asset provisions/risk weights
for capital adequacy purposes, which is a period of one year after the end of the specified period. Banks are required to disclose
the aggregate fund-based credit facilities of borrowers whose loans were restructured.

97

As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines
on restructuring issued in May 2013, general provisions required on standard accounts restructured after June 1, 2013 was increased
to 5.0%. The general provision required on standard accounts restructured before June 1, 2013 was increased to 3.5% from March
31, 2014, 4.25% from March 31, 2015 and 5.0% from March 31, 2016.

The Reserve Bank of India issued various
schemes for the resolution of stressed borrower accounts between February 2014 and June 2016. The Reserve Bank of India announced
guidelines on strategic debt restructuring in fiscal 2016, under which the conversion of debt into equity was allowed, which resulted
in the acquisition of ownership interests in the borrowers by banks. On the conversion of debt into equity, banks were allowed
to continue with the existing asset classification for an 18-month period (stand-still benefit). Apart from the strategic debt
restructuring scheme, the Reserve Bank of India also issued guidelines with respect to loans to borrowers, allowing a change in
ownership of the borrowers outside the strategic debt restructuring framework. This guideline allowed the stand-still benefits
in asset classification of borrowers in-line with the strategic debt restructuring scheme. In fiscal 2017, the scheme for sustainable
structuring of stressed assets was introduced, which sought to strengthen the ability of banks to undertake the resolution of large
borrower accounts that were facing financial difficulties on account of delays in completing large projects. The scheme aimed at
enabling lenders to initiate deep financial restructuring, subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions, for the sustainable
revival of projects. The scheme envisaged bifurcation of the current dues of a borrower into sustainable debt and other than sustainable
debt as per an independent study of the viability of the borrower’s operations. The scheme also envisaged that the asset
classification of the borrower as on a ‘reference date’ (date on which the lenders jointly decide to invoke the scheme)
would continue for a period of 180 days (stand-still period). On February 12, 2018, these schemes were discontinued. The stand-still
benefits in asset classification of borrowers, where strategic debt restructuring, change in ownership of the borrowers outside
the strategic debt restructuring and sustainable structuring of stressed assets were invoked but not implemented, was withdrawn.
Hence, the Bank classified loans where any of these schemes had been invoked but not implemented as non-performing at year-end
fiscal 2018.

From February 12, 2018, the definition
of restructuring was expanded to include loans where the Bank has entered into a settlement and the time given for payment of the
settlement amount exceeded three months. In case of restructuring, the accounts classified as “standard” must be immediately
downgraded as non-performing assets. Further, the guidelines required that the residual debt under restructuring should necessarily
receive a stipulated minimum credit rating from one or two rating agencies depending on the size of the exposure. The guidelines
also stipulate additional conditions for upgrading standard accounts classified as non-performing and non-performing accounts that
have been restructured. Restructured loans can be upgraded to standard category only after satisfactory performance during the
‘specified period’, that is, the date by which at least 20.0% of the outstanding principal debt as per the resolution
plan and interest capitalization sanctioned as part of the restructuring, if any, is repaid or one year from the commencement of
the first payment of interest or principal on the credit facility with the longest period of moratorium under the terms of the
resolution plan whichever is later. In addition to satisfactory performance during the ‘specified period’, accounts
above a specified threshold (currently Rs. 5.0 billion and above) shall also require their credit facilities to have an investment
grade rating at the end of ‘specified period’ by credit rating agencies accredited by the Reserve Bank of India for
the purpose of bank loan ratings.

The Reserve Bank of India issued a fresh
framework on resolution of stress assets on June 7, 2019 and accordingly restructured loans can be upgraded to standard category
only after satisfactory performance during the ‘specified period’, that is, the date by which at least 10.0% of the
outstanding principal debt as per the resolution plan and interest capitalization sanctioned as part of the restructuring, if any,
is repaid or one year from the commencement of the first payment of interest or principal on the credit facility with the longest
period of moratorium under the terms of the resolution plan whichever is later. In addition to satisfactory performance during
the ‘specified period’, accounts above a specified threshold (currently Rs. 1.0 billion and above) shall also require
their credit facilities to have an investment grade rating at the end of ‘specified period’ by one or two credit rating
agencies, depending on the size of exposure, accredited by the Reserve Bank of India for the purpose of bank loan ratings.

If a restructured account fails to perform
satisfactorily at any point of time during the ‘specified period’, the credit facilities shall be re-classified in
the non-performing category (that is, sub-standard, doubtful or loss) as per the repayment schedule that existed before the restructuring.
Any future upgrade for such accounts shall be contingent on the implementation of a fresh resolution plan and demonstration of
satisfactory performance thereafter.

See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Loan
Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets—Asset Classification
”.

98

Provisioning and Write-Offs

We make provisions in accordance with the
Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Loan Loss Provisions and Non-Performing
Assets—Asset Classification—Provisioning and Write-offs
”. The Reserve Bank of India guidelines on provisioning
are as described below.

Standard assets:   Allowances on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning requirement is a uniform rate of 0.4% for all standard assets except –
· farm
credit to borrowers in the agriculture sector and loans to the Small and Micro Enterprise sector, which attract a provisioning
requirement of 0.25%, · advances
to commercial real estate residential and non-residential sectors which attract a provisioning requirement of 0.75% and 1.0% respectively,
and · housing loans, where such loans are made at comparatively lower interest rates for the first years of the loan after which
the rates are reset at higher rates, which attract a provisioning requirement of 2.0%.
The standard asset provisioning on restructured loans is required to be maintained at 5.0% in the first two years from the date of restructuring. Loans restructured with a moratorium on payment of interest/principal attract a standard asset provision of 5.0% for the period covering the moratorium and two years thereafter. Restructured accounts classified as non-performing advances when upgraded to the standard category carry a provision of 2.0% in the first year from the date of upgrade.
The standard asset provisions on accounts restructured after June 1, 2013 is 5.0%. The standard asset provision required on accounts restructured before June 1, 2013 was increased to 3.5% from March 31, 2014, 4.25% from March 31, 2015 and 5.0% from March 31, 2016.
An additional provision of up to 0.80% is required to be made on amounts due from entities having unhedged foreign currency exposure. A provision of 5.0% is also required in respect of standard loans to companies having director(s) whose name(s) appear more than once in the list of wilful defaulters.
Sub-standard assets:   A provision of 15.0% is required for all sub-standard assets. A provision of 25.0% is required for accounts that are unsecured. Unsecured infrastructure loan accounts classified as sub-standard require provisioning of 20.0%.
Doubtful assets:   A 100.0% provision/write-off is required against the unsecured portion of a doubtful asset and is charged against income. For the secured portion of assets classified as doubtful, a 25.0% provision is required for assets that have been classified as doubtful for a year, a 40.0% provision is required for assets that have been classified as doubtful for one to three years and a 100.0% provision is required for assets classified as doubtful for more than three years. The value assigned to the collateral securing a loan is the amount reflected on the borrower’s books or the realizable value determined by third party appraisers.
Loss assets:   The entire asset is required to be written off or provided for.
Restructured loans:   The provision on restructured loans is required to be equal to the difference between the fair value of the loan before and after restructuring. The fair value of the loan before restructuring is computed as the present value of cash flows representing the interest at the existing rate charged on the loan before restructuring and the principal. The fair value of the loan after restructuring is computed as the present value of cash flows representing the interest at the rate charged under the loan’s restructured terms and the principal. For loans restructured up to July 1, 2015, both sets of cash flows are discounted at the Bank’s Base Rate as on the date of restructuring plus the appropriate term premium and credit risk premium for the borrower category on the date of restructuring. For loans restructured after July 1, 2015, both sets of cash flows are discounted at a rate equal to the actual interest rate charged to the borrower before

99

restructuring for the purpose of determining the diminution in fair value of the loan on restructuring. For accounts having multiple credit facilities with varying interest rates, a weighted average interest is used as the discounting rate. The provision on non-performing restructured loans is in addition to provisioning requirement on non-performing loans.

Apart from the provisions mentioned above,
in accounts where the Bank has initiated a change in ownership by conversion of loans into shares under the Strategic Debt Restructuring
or outside the Strategic Debt Restructuring mechanism, a provision of 15.0% was required to be made by the end of the 18 months
stand-still period. These provisions were to be made over a period of four quarters on the residual loan after such conversion.
See also “
Overview of the Indian Financial Sector - Legislative Framework for Recovery of Debts due to Banks
”.
From February 12, 2018, the guidelines on Strategic Debt Restructuring or outside the Strategic Debt Restructuring for loans were
revoked where it was not already implemented.

In respect of non-retail loans reported
as fraudulent to the Reserve Bank of India and classified in the doubtful category, the entire amount, without considering the
value of security, can be provided for over a period of not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in which fraud has
been detected. In respect of non-retail loans where there has been delay in the reporting of the fraud to the Reserve Bank of India
or which are classified as loss accounts, the entire amount is required to be provided immediately. In the case of fraud in retail
loan accounts, the entire amount is required to be provided immediately.

In April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India
through its circular advised banks that the provisioning rates prescribed under the prudential norms circular are at the regulatory
minimum and banks are encouraged to make provisions at higher rates in respect of advances to stressed sectors of the economy and
had specifically highlighted the telecom sector. As per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the Bank also makes
additional general provision on loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors. From fiscal 2019, the banks are also
required to make additional provision on incremental exposure to borrowers identified as per the Reserve Bank of India’s
large exposure framework. See also
“Risk Factors-Risks Relating to Our Business-We have a high concentration of loans
to certain customers, borrower groups and sectors and if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall
quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected”.

The Reserve Bank of India allows banks
to create floating provisions (i.e., provisions which are not made in respect of specific non-performing assets or are made in
excess of regulatory requirements for provisions for standard assets). The floating provisions outstanding at year-end can be used
only for contingencies under extraordinary circumstances for making specific provisions against non-performing accounts after obtaining
approval from the Board of Directors and with the prior permission of the Reserve Bank of India. Until utilization of such provisions,
they can be netted off from gross non-performing assets to compute the net non-performing assets. Alternatively, floating provisions
could be treated as part of Tier 2 capital within the overall ceiling of 1.25% of total risk-weighted assets. See also “
Supervision
and Regulation—Loan Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets—Asset Classification—Restructured Loans
”.

In April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India
advised banks to maintain provisions for standard assets at rates higher than the regulatory requirement, particularly in respect
of advances to stressed sectors of the economy. Banks were required to put in place a Board-approved policy, to be reviewed on
a quarterly basis, for making higher provisions based on evaluation of risk and stress in various sectors.

During first half of fiscal 2018, the Reserve
Bank of India advised banks to initiate insolvency resolution processes under the provisions of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
2016 for certain specific accounts. The Reserve Bank of India also required the banks to make a provision at 50.0% of the secured
portion and 100.0% of unsecured portion, or a provision as per extant Reserve Bank of India guideline on asset classification norms,
whichever is higher. Subsequently, in April 2018, the Reserve Bank of India revised the provisioning requirements in respect of
these specified cases from 50.0% of secured portion to 40.0% of secured portion at year-end fiscal 2018 and to 50.0% of the secured
portion at June 30, 2018.

The Reserve Bank of India issued a fresh
framework on resolution of stress assets on June 7, 2019 by which the banks are required to implement the resolution plan within
180 days from the end of “review period” (30 days from default) in respect of any overdue account where the aggregate
exposure of the lenders is Rs. 20.0 billion or more (Rs. 15.0 billion from January 1, 2020), failing which banks will be required
to make additional provision of 20.0%. The banks will be required to make further additional provision of 15.0%, if the resolution
plan is not implemented within 365 days from the commencement of “review period”. Half of the additional provision
may be reversed on filing of the

100

insolvency application and remaining additional provision may
be reversed upon admission of the borrower into the insolvency resolution process under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. These
additional provisions may also be reversed on implementation of the resolution plan, if the borrower is not in default for a period
of six months from the date of clearing of the overdues with all the lenders or upon completion of the assignment of debt/recovery.

Our Policy

We provide for non-performing corporate
loans in line with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. ICICI Bank provides for non-performing consumer loans at the borrower
level in accordance with provisioning policy of ICICI Bank, subject to minimum provision requirements set by the Reserve Bank of
India. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful assets are fully provided for or written off. The Bank holds specific
provisions against non-performing loans, general provisions against performing loans and floating provision taken over from the
erstwhile The Bank of Rajasthan Limited upon amalgamation. The Bank also holds specific provisions against certain performing loans
and advances in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s directions. For restructured loans, provisions are made in accordance
with the restructuring guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. These provisions are assessed at a borrower level as the
difference between the fair value of the loan, both before and after restructuring. In addition, the Bank holds a general provision
of 5.0% of the outstanding balance of the restructured loan.

The Bank also made a provision of 15.0%,
within a period of four quarters, on the residual loan amount (after conversion of loans into shares) on loans where the Bank had
initiated steps for a change in management of a borrower entity by acquiring a majority equity interest in the borrower’s
share capital under the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on strategic debt restructuring or outside the scheme of strategic
debt restructuring. Similarly, if borrowers had implemented projects which were facing stress and the Bank along with other lenders
has implemented the scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets, the Bank made provisions as per the Reserve Bank of
India guidelines for such schemes. The Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines on February 12, 2018 which superseded the
existing guidelines on change of ownership under strategic debt restructuring and outside strategic debt restructuring and the
scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets for loans where it has not already been implemented.

The Bank may create floating provisions
for the year as per a Board approved policy, which is in addition to the specific and general provisions made by the Bank. The
floating provision can be utilized, with the approval of the Board and the Reserve Bank of India.

The Reserve Bank of India guidelines do
not specify the conditions under which assets may be written-off. The Bank has internal policies for writing-off non-performing
loans against loan loss allowances. Consumer loans other than mortgage loans and certain small value unsecured commercial loans
are generally charged off against allowances after pre-defined periods of delinquency. Other loans, including mortgage loans, are
generally charged off against allowances when, based on a borrower-specific evaluation of the possibility of further recovery,
the Bank concludes that the balance cannot be collected. The Bank evaluates whether a balance can be collected based on the realizable
value of collateral, the results of the Bank’s past recovery efforts, the possibility of recovery through legal recourse
and the possibility of recovery through settlement.

The Bank has, since April 2016, implemented
enhanced internal controls, relating to review of loan accounts which satisfy certain threshold parameters, primarily relating
to size, credit rating and days-past-due, for identification of non-performing assets.

Impact of Economic Environment on Commercial
and Consumer Loan Borrowers

The Indian corporate sector experienced
several challenges from fiscal 2012, which led to lower than projected cash flows for the corporates and the progress in reducing
leverage in the corporate sector remained slow. Further, the Reserve Bank of India initiated several measures from fiscal 2016
to accelerate recognition and increase provisioning towards stressed accounts in the corporate sector. As a result, there was a
significant increase in the level of additions to non-performing loans, including slippages from restructured loans into non-performing
status for the banking sector, including us, from fiscal 2016. In fiscal 2018, the Reserve Bank of India introduced a new framework
for the resolution of stressed assets and withdrew the existing schemes for resolution, resulting in accelerated classification
of assets under the resolution schemes of the Reserve Bank of India as non-performing during the year. In fiscal 2018, the Reserve
Bank of India directed banks to commence proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, enacted in 2016, in respect of certain
corporate borrowers. Under this Code, a resolution plan for these borrowers was required to be finalized within specified timeframes,
failing which the borrowers would go into liquidation. The Reserve Bank of India also specified higher provisions in respect of
loans to these borrowers.

The additions to non-performing assets
of the banking sector, including us, moderated during fiscal 2019. However, provisions made by banks, including us, continued to
be elevated, as banks continued to make additional provisions on their existing portfolios of non-performing loans. A few large
accounts were resolved under the

101

Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code during fiscal 2019. However,
there are delays in the resolution of accounts referred under the Code and if resolutions of accounts are not achieved and the
borrowers go into liquidation, the market value of the collateral may come down thus impacting the recovery of dues by lenders.
In a recent judgment, the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal has treated secured and unsecured financial creditors to a borrower
referred under the Code similarly with respect to the level of recovery, and has also held that there should be equal distribution
of resolution proceeds between operational and financial creditors under a resolution plan. The government has, subsequently, proposed
to amend the Code and among other measures also empower the Committee of Creditors, which comprises of all financial creditors,
to decide on the manner of distribution of resolution proceeds. Further, during fiscal 2019, challenges emerged for non-banking
financial companies and housing finance companies, following a default by a large non-banking financial company involved primarily
in the infrastructure sector. This resulted in tightening liquidity conditions and increase in yields on the debt of non-banking
financial companies and housing finance companies, leading to funding and growth challenges. As non-banking finance companies have
slowed down lending, there could be refinancing challenges for their borrowers. Further, challenges also emerged in certain sectors
and borrower groups, such as real estate developers, and borrower groups that had borrowed against their shareholding in listed
group companies and faced refinancing challenges.

See also “
Risk Factors—
Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—If regulatory and legal changes continue to impose
increasingly stringent requirements regarding non-performing loans and provisioning for such loans, our business will suffer”,
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our level of non-performing assets is elevated, and if the level
of non-performing assets increases further and the overall quality of our loan portfolio continues to deteriorate, our business
will suffer”, “—Strategy” and “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Executive Summary—Business
environment—Trends in fiscal 2018
”.

There were challenges in our financing
to farmers for agriculture and allied activities, as some state governments announced agriculture loan waiver schemes for farmers
which resulted in non-repayment of loans by some farmers residing in those states in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019. While the cost
of such schemes is borne by the state governments, such schemes or borrowers’ expectations of such schemes have resulted
in higher delinquencies in the kisan credit card portfolio.

Various factors, including a rise in unemployment,
prolonged recessionary conditions, decline in household savings and income levels, stress in real-estate builder segment, our regulators’
assessment and review of our loan portfolio, a sharp and sustained rise in interest rates, refinance risks due to slow-down in
lending by non-banking financial companies, housing finance companies and other financial intermediaries, developments in the global
and Indian economy, movements in global commodity markets and exchange rates and global competition could cause a further increase
in the level of non-performing assets on account of retail and other loans and have a material adverse impact on the quality of
our loan portfolio. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our level of non-performing assets
is elevated, and if we are unable to adequately control the level of non-performing assets increases further and the overall quality
of our loan portfolio continues to deteriorate, our business will suffer
” and “—
Strategy
”.

Non-Performing Assets

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, our gross (net of write-offs, interest suspense and derivatives income reversal) non-performing rupee and foreign
currency customer asset portfolio by business category.

At March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2019
(in millions, except percentages)
Consumer loans and credit card receivables (1)   Rs.   25,504   Rs.   26,757   Rs.   28,062   Rs.   40,483   Rs.   51,409   US$   743
Rupee   25,504   26,756   28,061   40,478   51,278   741
Foreign currency   —   1   1   5   131   2
Commercial (2)   148,296   266,389   430,792   534,771   440,429   6,368
Rupee   99,288   155,482   228,643   285,415   260,783   3,771
Foreign currency   49,008   110,907   202,149   249,356   179,646   2,597
Leasing and related activities   70   70   7   7   7   —
Rupee   70   70   7   7   7   —
Foreign currency   —   —   —   —   —   —
Total non-performing assets   173,870   293,216   458,861   575,261   491,845   7,111
Rupee   124,862   182,308   256,711   325,900   312,068   4,512
Foreign currency   49,008   110,908   202,150   249,361   179,777   2,599
Gross non-performing assets (3)(4)   173,870   293,216   458,861   575,261   491,845   7,111
Provisions for loan losses   (96,655   )   (145,431   )   (188,530   )   (281,714   )   (348,522   )   (5,039   )
Net non-performing assets   Rs.   77,215   Rs.   147,785   Rs.   270,331   Rs.   293,547   Rs.   143,323   US$   2,072
Gross customer assets (3)   Rs.   5,149,278   Rs.   5,718,339   Rs.   5,923,253   Rs.   6,681,141   Rs.   7,535,320   US$   108,955
Net customer assets   Rs.   5,026,019   Rs.   5,556,942   Rs.   5,720,375   Rs.   6,393,368   Rs.   7,183,487   US$   103,868
Gross non-performing assets as a percentage of gross customer assets   3.4   %   5.1   %   7.7   %   8.6   %   6.5   %
Net non-performing assets as a percentage of gross customer assets   1.5   %   2.7   %   4.7   %   4.6   %   2.0   %

(1)   Includes home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, two-wheeler loans, personal loans, credit card receivables,
jewel loans, farm equipment loans and other rural loan products.

(2)   Includes working capital finance.

(3)   Includes loans of ICICI Bank and its subsidiaries and credit substitutes of ICICI Bank.

(4)   Includes loans identified as impaired in line with the guidelines issued by regulators of the respective subsidiaries.

102

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the change in our gross (net of write-offs, interest suspense and derivatives income reversal) non-performing
asset portfolio
(1)
.

March 31,
Particulars   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2019
(in millions)
A. Consumer loans & credit card receivables (2)
Non-performing assets at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   32,968   Rs.   25,504   Rs.   26,757   Rs.   28,062   Rs.   40,483   US$   585
Addition: New non-performing assets during the year   13,030   16,979   15,940   28,777   29,181   422
Less: Upgrade (3)   (4,425   )   (6,323   )   (5,337   )   (4,107   )   (5,386   )   (78   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (7,505   )   (6,626   )   (7,192   )   (8,105   )   (11,224   )   (162   )
Write-offs   (8,564   )   (2,777   )   (2,106   )   (4,144   )   (1,645   )   (24   )
Non-performing assets at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   25,504   Rs.   26,757   Rs.   28,062   Rs.   40,483   Rs.   51,409   US$   743
B. Commercial (4)
Non-performing assets at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   89,929   Rs.   148,296   Rs.   266,389   Rs.   430,792   Rs.   534,771   US$   7,732
Addition: New non-performing assets during the year   77,915   161,423   332,341   267,192   91,612   1,325
Less: Upgrade (3)   (1,500   )   (5,181   )   (4,741   )   (34,561   )   (12,882   )   (186   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (7,434   )   (8,727   )   (39,209   )   (39,998   )   (51,372   )   (743   )
Write-offs   (10,614   )   (29,422   )   (123,988   )   (88,654   )   (121,700   )   (1,760   )
Non-performing assets at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   148,296   Rs.   266,389   Rs.   430,792   Rs.   534,771   Rs.   440,429   US$   6,368
C. Leasing and related activities
Non-performing assets at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   97   Rs.   70   Rs.   70   Rs.   7   Rs.   7   US$   —
Addition: New non-performing assets during the year   —   —   —   —   —   —
Less: Upgrade (3)   —   —   —   —   —   —
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (27   )   —   —   —   —   —
Write-offs   —   —   (63   )   —   —   —
Non-performing assets at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   70   Rs.   70   Rs.   7   Rs.   7   Rs.   7   US$   —
D. Total non-performing assets (A+B+C)
Non-performing assets at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   122,994   Rs.   173,870   Rs.   293,216   Rs.   458,861   Rs.   575,261   US$   8,317
Addition: New non-performing assets during the year   90,945   178,402   348,281   295,969   120,793   1,747
Less: Upgrade (3)   (5,925   )   (11,504   )   (10,078   )   (38,668   )   (18,268   )   (264   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (14,966   )   (15,353   )   (46,401   )   (48,103   )   (62,596   )   (905   )
Write-offs   (19,178   )   (32,199   )   (126,157   )   (92,798   )   (123,345   )   (1,784   )
Non-performing assets at the end of the fiscal year (4)   Rs.   173,870   Rs.   293,216   Rs.   458,861   Rs.   575,261   Rs.   491,845   US$   7,111

(1)   Includes loans identified as impaired in accordance with
guidelines issued by regulators of the respective subsidiaries.

(2)   Includes home loans, automobile loans, commercial business
loans, two-wheeler loans, personal loans, credit card receivables, jewel loans, farm equipment loans and other rural loan products.

(3)   Represents accounts that were previously classified as
non-performing but have been upgraded to performing.

(4)   Includes working capital finance.

103

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, gross (net of write-offs, interest suspense and derivatives income reversal) non-performing assets by borrowers’
industry or economic activity and as a percentage of total non-performing assets.

At
                                         March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
Amount   As
                                         a percentage of non-performing assets   Amount   As
                                         a percentage of non-performing assets   Amount   As
                                         a percentage of non-performing assets   Amount   As
                                         a percentage of non-performing
assets   Amount   Amount   As
                                         a percentage of non-performing assets
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance (1)   Rs.   35,199   20.2   %   Rs.   39,669   13.5   %   Rs.   38,224   8.3   %   Rs.   50,458   8.8   %   Rs.   62,667   US$   906   12.7   %
Iron/steel and products   9,871   5.7   65,175   22.2   85,557   18.6   73,962   12.9   41,537   601   8.4
Power   667   0.4   17,512   6.0   63,969   13.9   105,673   18.4   73,327   1,060   14.9
Cement   300   0.2   —   —   53,781   11.7   —   —   —   —   —
Services—non finance   25,890   14.9   36,408   12.4   43,659   9.5   54,847   9.5   30,350   439   6.2
Mining   1,629   0.9   779   0.3   40,112   8.7   90,522   15.7   64,927   939   13.2
Construction   8,686   5.0   23,679   8.1   38,347   8.4   66,949   11.6   62,836   909   12.8
Roads, ports, telecom,
    urban development & other infrastructure   22,781   13.1   30,904   10.5   23,043   5.0   26,900   4.7   28,346   410   5.8
Shipping   15,000   8.6   19,595   6.7   14,338   3.1   11,750   2.0   10,636   154   2.2
Gems & jewelry   5,311   3.1   8,205   2.8   9,455   2.1   12,006   2.1   13,325   193   2.7
Food and beverages   6,102   3.5   6,771   2.3   8,312   1.8   9,011   1.6   18,233   264   3.7
Wholesale/retail trade   4,840   2.8   5,896   2.0   7,033   1.5   6,201   1.1   9,443   137   1.9
Crude petroleum/ refining and petrochemicals   2,750   1.6   2,914   1.0   3,816   0.8   21,718   3.8   22,609   327   4.6
Electronics and engineering   8,775   5.0   3,796   1.3   3,329   0.7   15,617   2.7   17,050   247   3.5
Textile   7,204   4.1   12,059   4.1   2,913   0.6   3,197   0.6   3,119   45   0.6
Chemicals & fertilizers   1,791   1.0   2,053   0.7   1,151   0.3   1,545   0.3   3,325   48   0.7
Metal & products
    (excluding iron & steel)   1,719   1.0   2,102   0.7   1,081   0.2   1,088   0.2   1,278   18   0.3
Services—finance   558   0.3   523   0.2   —   —   —   —   3,331   48   0.7
Other Industries (2)   14,797   8.6   15,176   5.2   20,741   4.8   23,817   4.0   25,506   366   5.1
Gross
    non-performing assets   Rs.   173,870   100.0   %   Rs.   293,216   100.0   %   Rs.   458,861   100.0   %   Rs.   575,261   100.0   %   Rs.   491,845   US$   7,112   100.0   %
Aggregate
    provision for loan losses   (96,655   )   (145,431   )   (188,530   )   (281,714   )   (348,522   )   (5,039   )
Net
    nonperforming assets   Rs.   77,215   Rs.   147,785   Rs.   270,331   Rs.   293,547   Rs.   143,323   US$   2,072

(1)   Includes home
                                         loans, commercial business loans, rural loans, automobile loans, business banking, credit
                                         cards, personal loans, loans against securities and dealer financing portfolio.

(2)   Other industries
                                         primarily include developer financing portfolio, automobiles, manufacturing products
                                         (excluding metal), drugs and pharmaceuticals and fast moving consumer goods.

See “
—Classification of
Loans—Impact of Economic Environment on Commercial and Consumer Loan Borrowers”.
See also
“Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects—Executive Summary-Business environment—Trends in fiscal 2018
”.

The Indian corporate sector experienced
several challenges from fiscal 2012. These challenges resulted in lower than projected cash flows for the corporates and the progress
in reducing leverage in the corporate sector remained slow. Further, the Reserve Bank of India initiated several measures from
fiscal 2016 to accelerate recognition and increase provisioning towards stressed accounts in the corporate sector. As a result,
there was a substantial increase in the level of additions to non-performing loans, including slippages from restructured loans
into non-performing status, for the banking sector and the Bank since fiscal 2016. In fiscal 2018, the Reserve Bank of India introduced
a new framework for the resolution of stressed assets and withdrew the existing schemes for resolution, resulting in

104

accelerated classification of assets under the resolution schemes
of the Reserve Bank of India as non-performing during the year.

The additions to non-performing assets
of the banking sector, including us, moderated during fiscal 2019. However, provisions made by banks, including us, continued to
be elevated, as banks continued to make additional provisions on their existing portfolios of non-performing loans. A few large
accounts were resolved under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code during fiscal 2019. However, there are delays in the resolutions
of accounts referred under the Code and if resolution of accounts are not achieved and the borrowers go into liquidation, the market
value of the collateral may come down thus impacting the recovery of dues by lenders. In a recent judgment, the National Company
Law Appellate Tribunal has treated secured and unsecured financial creditors to a borrower referred under the Code similarly with
respect to the level of recovery, and has also held that there should be equal distribution of resolution proceeds between operational
and financial creditors under a resolution plan. The government has, subsequently, proposed to amend the Code and among other measures
also empower the Committee of Creditors, which comprises of all financial creditors, to decide on the manner of distribution of
resolution proceeds. Further, during fiscal 2019, challenges emerged for non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies,
following a default by a large non-banking financial company involved primarily in the infrastructure sector. This resulted in
tightening liquidity conditions and increase in yields on the debt of non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies,
leading to funding and growth challenges. As non-banking finance companies have slowed down lending, there could be refinancing
challenges for their borrowers. Further, challenges also emerged in certain sectors and borrower groups, such as real estate developers,
and borrower groups that had borrowed against their shareholding in listed group companies and faced refinancing challenges.

The gross additions to non-performing commercial
loans were Rs. 332.3 billion in fiscal 2017 and Rs. 267.2 billion in fiscal 2018. The gross additions to non-performing commercial
loans were significantly lower at Rs. 91.6 billion in fiscal 2019. During fiscal 2019, we upgraded non-performing commercial loans
amounting to Rs. 12.9 billion and made recoveries of non-performing commercial loans amounting to Rs. 51.4 billion. During fiscal
2019, commercial loans amounting to Rs. 121.7 billion were written-off as compared to Rs. 88.7 billion in fiscal 2018 based on
a borrower-specific evaluation of the probability of recovery and collectability of the loans. Gross non-performing commercial
loans decreased from Rs. 534.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 440.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

Gross additions to non-performing consumer
loans were Rs. 29.2 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to Rs. 28.8 billion in fiscal 2018. During fiscal 2019, we upgraded non-performing
consumer loans of Rs. 5.4 billion as compared to Rs. 4.1 billion in fiscal 2018. During fiscal 2019, we made recoveries against
non-performing consumer loans of Rs. 11.3 billion (fiscal 2018: Rs. 8.2 billion) and written-off loans of Rs. 1.6 billion (fiscal
2018: Rs. 4.1 billion). Gross non-performing consumer loans increased from Rs. 40.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 51.4
billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

As a result of above, our gross non-performing
assets decreased by 14.5% from Rs. 575.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 491.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Our net
non-performing assets decreased by 51.2% from Rs. 293.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 143.3 billion at year-end fiscal
2019. The net non-performing asset ratio decreased from 4.6% at year-end fiscal 2018 to 2.0% at year-end fiscal 2019. The provision
coverage ratio (excluding cumulative technical/prudential write-offs) increased significantly from 49.0% at year-end fiscal 2018
to 70.9% at year-end fiscal 2019.

The total non-fund based outstanding to
borrowers classified as non-performing was Rs. 42.2 billion at March 31, 2019 with provision of Rs. 15.9 billion.

Restructured Loans

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, our gross standard restructured rupee and foreign currency loan portfolio by business category.

At March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
Amount   Amount   Amount   Amount   Amount   Amount
(in millions, except percentages)
Consumer loans and credit card receivables   Rs.   221   Rs.   94   Rs.   168   Rs.   230   Rs.   138   US$   2
Rupee   221   94   168   230   138   2
Foreign currency   —   —   —   —   —   —
Commercial (1)   130,566   98,580   50,687   18,349   3,599   52
Rupee   86,694   73,972   35,139   5,529   3,220   47
Foreign currency   43,872   24,608   15,548   12,820   379   5
Total restructured loans   130,787   98,674   50,855   18,579   3,737   54
Rupee   86,915   74,067   35,307   5,759   3,358   49
Foreign currency   43,872   24,608   15,548   12,820   379   5
Gross restructured loans (2)   130,787   98,674   50,855   18,579   3,737   54
Provisions for loan losses   (9,458   )   (7,581   )   (3,012   )   (628   )   (279   )   (4   )
Net restructured loans   Rs.   121,329   Rs.   91,093   Rs.   47,843   Rs.   17,951   Rs.   3,458   US$   50
Gross customer assets (2)   Rs.   5,149,278   Rs.   5,718,339   Rs.   5,923,253   Rs.   6,681,141   Rs.   7,535,320   US$   108,955
Net customer assets   Rs.   5,026,019   Rs.   5,556,942   Rs.   5,720,375   Rs.   6,393,368   Rs.   7,183,487   US$   103,868

105

At March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
Gross restructured loans as a percentage of gross customer assets   2.5   %   1.7   %   0.9   %   0.3   %   0.0   %
Net restructured loans as a percentage of net customer assets   2.4   %   1.6   %   0.8   %   0.3   %   0.0   %

(1)   Includes working capital finance.

(2)   Includes loans of ICICI Bank and its subsidiaries and
credit substitutes of ICICI Bank.

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, gross restructured loans by borrowers’ industry or economic activity and as a percentage of total gross
restructured loans.

At
    March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
Amount   As
    a percentage of restructured loans   Amount   As a percentage of restructured loans   Amount   As a percentage of restructured loans   Amount   As
    a percentage of restructured loans   Amount   Amount   As
    a percentage of restructured loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Construction   Rs.   34,718   26.5   %   Rs.   34,470   34.9   %   Rs.   18,893   37.2   %   Rs.   611   3.3   %   Rs.   239   US$   3   6.4   %
Roads, port, telecom,
    urban development & other infrastructure   13,580   10.4   15,090   15.3   8,271   16.3   1,103   5.9   299   4   8.0
Power   13,378   10.2   2,080   2.1   1,296   2.5   971   5.2   94   1   2.5
Drugs and pharmaceuticals   12,364   9.5   4,708   4.8   3,680   7.2   2,024   10.9   625   9   16.7
Services-non finance   10,515   8.0   2,747   2.8   89   0.2   —   —   —   —   —
Iron/steel & products   9,006   6.9   9,517   9.6   1,570   3.1   —   —   —   —   —
Electronics & engineering   8,351   6.4   7,735   7.8   3,191   6.3   1,746   9.4   1,660   24   44.4
Chemicals & fertilizers   7,737   5.9   634   0.6   367   0.7   323   1.7   303   4   8.1
Services-finance   5,054   3.9   2,239   2.3   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Mining   3,502   2.7   3,936   4.0   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Shipping   2,270   1.7   3,033   3.1   2,799   5.5   —   —   —   —   —
Textiles   1,845   1.4   196   0.2   218   0.4   191   1.0   145   2   3.9
Food & beverages   1,494   1.1   2,519   2.6   886   1.7   656   3.5   —   —   —
Wholesale/retail trade   1,269   1.0   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Metal & products
    (excluding iron & steel)   251   0.2   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —
Retail finance   221   0.2   94   0.1   168   0.3   158   0.8   93   1   2.5
Manufacturing products
    (excluding metals)   202   0.2   235   0.2   384   0.8   —   —   —   —   —
Automobile (including
    trucks)   —   —   —   —   1,187   2.3   1,193   6.4   —   —   —
Crude petroleum/ refining & petrochemicals   —   —   8,114   8.2   7,856   15.4   9,603   51.7   —   —   —
Others   5,030   3.8   1,327   1.3   1   0.0   —   —   280   4   7.5
Gross
    restructured loans   Rs.   130,787   100.0   %   Rs.   98,674   100.0   %   Rs.   50,855   100.0   %   Rs.   18,579   100.0   %   Rs.   3,737   US$   54   100.0   %
Aggregate
    provision for loan losses   (9,458   )   (7,581   )   (3,012   )   (628   )   (279   )   (4   )
Net
    restructured loans   Rs.   121,329   Rs.   91,093   Rs.   47,843   Rs.   17,951   Rs.   3,458   US$   50

(1)   Others primarily include real estate.

106

During fiscal 2019, we restructured loans
of borrowers classified as standard, as well as made additional disbursements to borrowers whose loans had been restructured in
prior years, aggregating Rs. 0.5 billion, as compared to Rs. 2.2 billion during fiscal 2018. Further, during fiscal 2019, restructured
standard loans amounting to Rs. 4.0 billion were classified as non-performing due to failure of borrowers to perform as per restructured
debt terms, compared to Rs. 22.8 billion during fiscal 2018. Restructured loans amounting to Rs. 10.4 billion were upgraded to
standard category in fiscal 2019. The gross outstanding standard restructured loans decreased by 79.9% from Rs. 18.6 billion at
year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 and the net outstanding restructured loans decreased by 80.7% from
Rs. 18.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The outstanding provision on restructured
loans (including the provision for funded interest) decreased from Rs. 0.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 0.3 billion at
year-end fiscal 2019. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Provisions for Non-Performing Assets
and Restructured Loans
”.

Further, at year-end fiscal 2019, ICICI
Bank’s outstanding non-fund based facilities to borrowers whose loans were classified as restructured were Rs. 2.1 billion.

The aggregate gross non-performing assets
and gross standard restructured loans decreased by Rs. 98.3 billion, or 16.5%, from Rs. 593.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to
Rs. 495.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The aggregate net non-performing assets and net restructured loans decreased by Rs.
164.7 billion, or 52.9%, from Rs. 311.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 146.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

The Reserve Bank of
India had issued guidelines permitting banks to refinance long-term project loans to infrastructure and other core industries at
periodic intervals without such refinancing being considered as restructuring. Accordingly, at year-end fiscal 2019, the portfolio
of such loans was Rs. 45.9 billion (March 31, 2018: Rs. 60.6 billion) out of which Rs. 19.1 billion (March 31, 2018: Rs. 21.2 billion)
was classified as performing loans.

At year-end fiscal 2019,
the Bank had implemented the scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets in three standard borrower accounts with an
aggregate balance outstanding of Rs. 6.2 billion, comprising Rs. 3.3 billion of sustainable debt and Rs. 2.9 billion of unsustainable
debt. (March 31, 2018: Rs. 6.6 billion). The aggregate non-fund based outstanding to these borrowers was Rs. 15.4 billion at year-end
fiscal 2019.

See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations
Relating to Advancing Loans
”.

The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary adopted
IFRS 9 – Financial instruments from April 1, 2018 and measures impairment loss on all financial assets using expected credit
loss model based on a three-stage approach. At March 31, 2019, the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary classified its exposure of
Rs. 13.7 billion as Stage-2 (financial assets, that are not credit impaired, but which have experienced significant increase in
credit risk since origination), with allowance of Rs. 0.4 billion.

In fiscal 2019, we sold commercial loans
made to 15 borrowers with an aggregate book value (net of provision) of Rs. 2.8 billion to asset reconstruction companies. In fiscal
2018, we sold commercial loans made to 12 borrowers with an aggregate book value (net of provision) of Rs. 2.7 billion to asset
reconstruction companies. See also “
—Classification of Loans—Non-Performing Asset Strategy
”.

107

Non-Performing Asset Strategy

In respect of unviable non-performing assets,
where companies have lost financial viability, we adopt an aggressive approach aimed at out-of-court settlements, enforcing collateral,
driving consolidation and seeking resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code under specific circumstances, which among
other measures includes recovery through the sale of borrower’s assets in a time-bound manner. Our focus is on time value
of recovery and a pragmatic approach towards settlements. The collateral against our loan assets is the critical factor towards
the success of our recovery efforts. In certain accounts where the value of collateral against our loan has been eroded we undertake
charge-offs against loan loss allowances held. However, we continue to pursue recovery efforts in these accounts, either jointly
along with other lenders or individually through legal recourse and settlements. In addition, we focus on proactive management
of accounts under supervision. Our strategy is aimed at early stage solutions to incipient problems.

The Bank’s strategy for the resolution
of stressed assets involves referring these cases for resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code with the National Company
Law Tribunal. The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, enacted in May 2016, provides for a time-bound revival and rehabilitation
mechanism to resolve stressed assets. In June 2017, the Reserve Bank of India issued directions to banks to file for resolution
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code with the National Company Law Tribunal in respect of 12 large stressed accounts. In August
2017, the Reserve Bank of India identified additional accounts and directed banks to initiate an insolvency resolution process
under the provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code by December 31, 2017 if a resolution plan was not implemented by December
13, 2017. The Bank has referred certain non-performing borrowers for resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016,
with the National Company Law Tribunal. Further, the filing for resolution by various stakeholders, including financial creditors
and any other participants as may be eligible, could impact our provisioning and credit loss. In addition, the requirement to complete
the resolution process within the stipulated timeline to avoid liquidation of the borrower, may impact recoveries from these stressed
accounts. In the event borrowers go into liquidation, the additional credit losses may be significant.

In February 2018, Reserve Bank of India
announced a revised framework for the resolution of stressed assets aimed at time-bound resolution of non-performing and stressed
borrowers, withdrawal of earlier resolution schemes and commencement of proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code in
respect of borrowers where a resolution satisfying specified criteria could not be achieved within a prescribed timeframe. The
revised guidelines stipulated that all lenders would put in place Board-approved policies for resolution of stressed assets, including
the timelines for resolution. The guidelines provided a definition of ‘default’ which means non-payment of debt when
whole or any part or instalment of the amount of debt has become due and payable and is not repaid by the debtor or the corporate
debtor, as the case may be. The guidelines stipulated that as soon as there was a default in the borrower entity’s account
with any lender, all lenders, either singly or jointly, shall initiate steps to cure the default. The resolution plan may include
regularization of the account by payment of all over dues by the borrower entity, sale of the exposures by the lenders to other
entities/investors, change in ownership, or restructuring. The residual debt in resolution plan involving restructuring or change
in ownership in respect of accounts where aggregate exposure of the lenders is Rs. 1.0 billion or more should necessarily receive
a minimum credit rating from one or two rating agencies depending on the size of exposure. Banks would have to implement a resolution
plan within 180 days of the default date or March 1, 2018 (in case default was prior to March 31, 2018), whichever is later, in
respect of accounts where aggregate exposure of the lenders is Rs. 20.0 billion or more. In case the resolution plan was not implemented,
the borrower would have to be referred to the National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. The
Reserve Bank of India issued a fresh framework on resolution of stress assets on June 7, 2019 by which the banks are now required
to implement the resolution plan within 180 days from the end of “review period” (30 days from default) in respect
any overdue account where the aggregate exposure of the lenders is Rs. 20.0 billion or more (Rs. 15.0 billion from January 1, 2020),
failing which banks will be required to make additional provision of 20.0%. The banks will be required to make further additional
provision of 15.0%, if the resolution plan is not implemented within 365 days from the commencement of “review period”.
Half of the additional provision may be reversed on filing of the insolvency application and remaining additional provision may
be reversed upon admission of the borrower into the insolvency resolution process under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. These
additional provisions may also be reversed on implementation of the resolution plan, if the borrower is not in default for a period
of six months from the date of clearing of the overdues with all the lenders or upon completion of the assignment of debt/recovery.

Our strategy for resolution of non-performing
assets includes sales of financial assets to asset reconstruction companies in exchange for receipt of securities in the form of
pass-through instruments issued by asset reconstruction companies, wherein payments to holders of the securities are based on the
actual realized cash flows from the transferred assets. We sold net non-performing assets to asset reconstruction companies amounting
to Rs. 1.5 billion in fiscal 2014, Rs. 3.3 billion in fiscal 2015, Rs. 6.7 billion in fiscal 2016, Rs. 37.1 billion in fiscal 2017,
Rs. 2.7 billion in fiscal 2018 and Rs. 2.8 billion in fiscal 2019. At year-end fiscal 2018, we had an outstanding net investment
of Rs. 34.4

108

billion in security receipts issued by asset reconstruction
companies in relation to sales of our non-performing assets. We are also permitted to sell financial assets, classified as standard
assets that are overdue for more than 60 days to asset reconstruction companies in terms of the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
We sold financial assets classified as standard amounting to Rs. 3.2 billion in fiscal 2016, Rs. 5.8 billion in fiscal 2017 and
Rs. 2.7 billion in fiscal 2018 and nil in fiscal 2019. Under Indian GAAP, these instruments are valued at the net asset values
as declared by the asset reconstruction companies in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under U.S. GAAP, the
assets we sell in exchange for security receipts are not accounted for as sales either because transfers do not qualify for sale
accounting under FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and servicing”, or transfers were impacted by FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10,
“Consolidation – overall”, whereby, because the Bank is the ‘primary beneficiary’ of certain of these
funds/trusts, it is required under U.S. GAAP to consolidate these entities. These assets are considered restructured assets under
U.S. GAAP. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Guidelines on Sale and Purchase of Non-Performing Assets
”.

We monitor migration of the credit ratings
of our borrowers to enable us to take proactive remedial measures. We review the industry outlook and analyze the impact of changes
in the regulatory and fiscal environment. Our periodic review system helps us to monitor the health of accounts and to take prompt
remedial measures. We may seek to recover loans through enforcement of our rights in collateral. However, recoveries may be subject
to delays of up to several years, due to the long legal process in India. This leads to delay in enforcement and realization of
collateral. We may also take as security a pledge of financial assets, including marketable securities, and obtain corporate guarantees
and personal guarantees wherever appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to sponsors’
shareholding in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding. Covenants
involving equity shares have top-up mechanism based on price triggers. We maintain the non-performing assets on our books for as
long as the enforcement process is ongoing. Accordingly, a non-performing asset may continue for a long time in our portfolio until
the settlement of loan account or realization of collateral, which may be longer than that for U.S. banks under similar circumstances.
See also “—
Loan portfolio—Collateral—Completion, Perfection and Enforcement
”.

Secured loans to retail customers are secured
by first and exclusive liens on the assets financed (predominantly property and vehicles). We are entitled in terms of our security
documents to repossess security comprising assets such as plant, equipment and vehicles without reference to the courts or tribunals
unless a client makes a reference to such courts or tribunals to stay our actions. In respect of our retail loans, we adopt a standardized
collection process designed to ensure prompt action for follow-up on overdue loans and recovery of defaulted amounts.

Provision for Loan Losses

The following table sets forth, at the
periods indicated, the change in the provisions for our non-performing asset portfolio
(1)

At March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2019
(in millions)
A. Consumer loans & credit card receivables (2)
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   Rs.   25,587   Rs.   16,752   Rs.   16,052   Rs.   17,209   Rs.   22,284   US$   322
Add: Provision made during the year   4,580   6,097   7,110   10,982   12,940   187
Less: Provision utilized for write-off   (8,609   )   (2,778   )   (2,106   )   (1,148   )   (1,641   )   (24   )
Less: Write-back of excess provisions   (4,806   )   (4,019   )   (3,847   )   (4,759   )   (5,330   )   (77   )
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year   Rs.   16,752   Rs.   16,052   Rs.   17,209   Rs.   22,284   Rs.   28,253   US$   408
B. Commercial (3)
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   Rs.   52,682   Rs.   79,833   Rs.   129,309   Rs.   171,314   Rs.   259,423   US$   3,751
Add: Provision made during the year   38,278   81,046   163,996   194,890   197,317   2,853
Less: Provision utilized for write-off   (9,107   )   (26,866   )   (114,415   )   (86,830   )   (120,670   )   (1,744   )
Less: Write-back of excess provision   (2,020   )   (4,704   )   (7,576   )   (19,951   )   (15,808   )   (229   )
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year   Rs.   79,833   Rs.   129,309   Rs.   171,314   Rs.   259,423   Rs.   320,262   US$   4,631
C. Leasing and related activities
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   Rs.   97   Rs.   70   Rs.   70   Rs.   7   Rs.   7   US$   —
Add: Provision made during the year   —   —   —   —   —   —
Less: Provision utilized for write-off   —   —   (63   )   —   —   —
Less: Write-back of excess provision   (27   )   —   —   —   —
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year   Rs.   70   Rs.   70   Rs.   7   Rs.   7   Rs.   7   US$   —
D. Total provision (A+B+C)
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   Rs.   78,366   Rs.   96,655   Rs.   145,431   Rs.   188,530   Rs.   281,714   US$   4,073
Add: Provision made during the year   42,858   87,143   171,106   205,872   210,257   3,040
Less: Provision utilized for write-off   (17,716   )   (29,644   )   (116,584   )   (87,978   )   (122,311   )   (1,768   )
Less: Write-back of excess provision   (6,853   )   (8,723   )   (11,423   )   (24,710   )   (21,138   )   (306   )
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year   Rs.   96,655   Rs.   145,431   Rs.   188,530   Rs.   281,714   Rs.   348,522   US$   5,039

(1)   Includes loans identified as impaired in line with the guidelines issued by regulators of the respective subsidiaries.

(2)   Includes home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, two-wheeler loans, personal loans, credit card receivables
and farm equipment loans.

(3)   Includes working capital finance.

109

As discussed above, the challenges experienced
by the Indian corporate sector led to a substantial increase in the level of additions to non-performing loans, including slippages
from restructured loans into non-performing status, for the banking sector and the Bank since fiscal 2016. In fiscal 2019, the
additions to non-performing loans in the banking system, including us, moderated. During the year, a few large accounts referred
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code were resolved. However, provisions made by banks, including us, continued to be elevated,
as banks continued to make additional provisions on their existing portfolios of non-performing loans.

While gross additions to the non-performing
assets decreased to Rs. 120.8 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to gross additions of Rs. 296.0 billion in fiscal 2018 and Rs.
348.3 billion in fiscal 2017, provision for non-performing and other assets increased from Rs. 147.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to
Rs. 176.1 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to ageing provision on loans classified as non-performing during previous years.

During fiscal 2018, the Reserve Bank of
India advised the banks to initiate insolvency resolution process under the provisions of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code for certain
specific accounts. The Reserve Bank of India also required the banks to make provision at 40% of the secured portion and 100% of
unsecured portion, or provision as per extant Reserve Bank of India guideline on asset classification norms, whichever is higher,
at year-end fiscal 2018. Banks were required to further increase the provision on the secured portion of the loan to 50.0% at June
30, 2018. During the three months ended June 30, 2018, the Bank had made the provision on these accounts as per April 2018 guidelines
of the Reserve Bank of India. At year-end fiscal 2019, the Bank holds a provision of Rs. 75.7 billion in respect of outstanding
loans amounting to Rs. 103.1 billion to these borrowers which amounts to a provision coverage ratio (excluding cumulative technical/prudential
write-offs) of 73.9%.

Potential problem loans

When management has doubts as to a borrower’s
ability to comply with loans’ repayment terms, the Bank considers these loans as potential problem loans. At year-end fiscal
2019, the Bank had Rs. 111.4 billion in potential problem loans, which were not classified as non-performing or restructured assets.
We closely monitor these loans and the borrowers of these loans for compliance with the loan repayment terms. We also similarly
monitor past-due loans and below-investment grade loans, as discussed in Schedule 18B of the consolidated financial statements.

Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

110

The following table sets forth certain
information relating to our subsidiaries and joint ventures at year-end fiscal 2019.

Name   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership interest   Total income (1)   Net worth (2)   Total assets (3 )
(in millions, except percentages)
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   January 1988   Private equity/ fund management   100.00   %   Rs.   1,648   Rs.   2,315   Rs.   3,071
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited (4)   February 1993   Securities investment, trading and underwriting   100.00   %   11,255   9,990   116,694
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited (4)   June 1993   Asset management company for ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   51.00   %   20,043   11,782   13,859
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   June 1993   Trustee company for ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   50.80   %   5   15   15
ICICI Securities Limited (4)   March 1995   Securities broking & merchant banking   79.22   %   17,258   10,344   46,462
ICICI International Limited   January 1996   Asset management   100.00   %   32   108   109
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   April 1999   Trusteeship services   100.00   %   1   7   8
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited (4)   May 1999   Housing finance   100.00   %   11,594   16,828   139,286
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   March 2000   Asset management   100.00   %   7   113   114
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. (4)   June 2000   Holding company   100.00   %   2   129   129
ICICI Securities Inc. (4)   June 2000   Securities broking   100.00   %   211   218   339
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   July 2000   Life insurance   52.87   %   418,754   70,467   1,630,903
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   October 2000   General insurance   55.87   %   175,514   56,589   334,026 5
ICICI Bank UK PLC   February 2003   Banking   100.00   %   9,700   31,419   266,428
ICICI Bank Canada   September 2003   Banking   100.00   %   12,047   29,854   341,074
ICICI Prudential Pension Fund Management Company Limited (6)   April 2009   Pension fund management   100.00   %   Rs.   28   Rs.   346   Rs.   358

(1)   Total income represents gross income from operations and other income.

(2)   Net worth represents share capital, share application money and reserves and surplus.

(3)   Total assets represent fixed assets, advances, investments and gross current assets (including cash and bank balances).

(4)   Number as per respective entity Ind AS financial statements
pursuant to migration to Ind AS by these entities.

(5)   Includes share capital, share application money-pending
allotment, securities premium and fair value reserve.

(6)   ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited.

The following table sets forth certain
information on other significant entities whose results were included in the consolidated financial statements under Indian GAAP
at year-end fiscal 2019.

Name   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership interest   Total income (1)   Net worth (2)   Total assets (3)
(in millions, except percentages)
ICICI Strategic Investments Fund (4)   February 2003   Unregistered venture capital fund   100.00   %   Rs.   22   Rs.   255   Rs.   328
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited (5)   April 2005   Services related to back end operations   19.00   %   5,495   (9   )   1,079
NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited (5)   June 2006   Education and training in banking and finance   18.79   %   204   156   179
ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited (5)   July 2009   Merchant servicing   19.01   %   4,854   3,982   5,302
India Infradebt Limited (5)   October 2012   Infrastructure finance   42.33   %   9,223   16,529   104,034
India Advantage Fund-III (5)   June 2005   Private equity fund   24.10   %   251   1,648   1,939
India Advantage Fund-IV (5)   August 2005   Private equity fund   47.14   %   67   1,312   1,318
Arteria Technologies Private   Limited (5) .......................................   February 2007   Software company   19.98   %   Rs.   193.3   Rs.   97.3   Rs.   188.9

(1)   Total income represents gross income from operations and other income of the entity.

(2)   Net worth represents share capital/unit capital (in case of venture capital funds) and reserves and surplus of the entity.

(3)   Total assets represent fixed assets, advances, investments and gross current assets (including cash and bank balances) of the
entity.

(4)   This entity has been consolidated as per Accounting Standard 21 – Consolidated Financial Statements.

(5)   These entities have been accounted for as per the equity method as prescribed by AS 23 on ‘Accounting for Investments
in Associates in Consolidated Financial Statements’.

111

At year-end fiscal 2019, all of our subsidiaries
and joint ventures were incorporated in India, except the following five companies:

·   ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., incorporated in the United States;

·   ICICI Securities Inc., incorporated in the United States;

·   ICICI Bank UK PLC, incorporated in the United Kingdom;

·   ICICI Bank Canada, incorporated in Canada;

·   ICICI International Limited, incorporated in Mauritius.

ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary
of ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. ICICI Securities
Holdings Inc. and ICICI Securities Inc. are consolidated in ICICI Securities’ Limited’s financial statements.

Technology

We endeavor to be at the forefront of usage
of technology in the financial services sector. We strive to use information technology as a strategic tool for our business operations,
to gain competitive advantage and to improve our overall productivity and efficiency. We continuously invest in key technological
platforms like mobility, artificial intelligence, blockchain and other new-age technologies that provide an edge in our offerings
to customers. We aim to bring in high levels of functionality in all our channels such as branches, internet banking, ATMs, mobile
banking, tablet banking for opening bank accounts using tablets, phone banking and social media banking where banking facilities
are provided through a social network to leverage its reach and enable financial education and inclusion. We have also entered
into partnerships with technology companies and platforms with large customer bases and transaction volumes to expand our reach.
At the same time, we continue to improve and strengthen security, infrastructure and networks by investing in technologies to provide
a secure, superior, seamless and uniform service experience to customers across all channels. We have dedicated teams that focus
on incubating innovative projects and developing partnerships in the digital space.

Our focus on technology emphasizes:

Electronic and online channels to:

•   offer easy access to our products and services;

•   reduce distribution and transaction costs;

•   expand new customer acquisition;

•   enhance existing customer relationships; and

•   reduce time to market; and

The application of information systems for:

•   increasing our customer base;

•   effective marketing and cross-selling;

•   monitoring and controlling risks;

•   identifying, assessing and capitalizing on market
opportunities; and

•   assisting in offering improved products and services
to customers.

112

We also seek to leverage our domestic technology
capabilities in our international operations.

Technology Organization

The digital channels group focuses on internet
banking and mobile solutions. Dedicated technology groups support core banking and other systems used by business groups and corporate
functions. The technology infrastructure and technology management group are responsible for providing and maintaining the required
infrastructure. A start-up investment and partnerships team focuses on collaborating with and investing in fintech start-ups and
piloting strategic digital projects.

Banking Application Software

We use banking applications like a core
banking system, loan management system, and credit card management system, all of which are flexible and scalable and allow us
to serve our growing customer base. A central stand-in server helps to maintain the availability of services all days of the week,
throughout the year, to the various delivery channels even if the primary systems are unavailable. Our core banking loan management
and credit card management systems are flexible and scalable to serve our growing customer base. Our backup systems are strengthened
to improve management and governance relating to backups.

Technology in Branches and ATMs

We use a combination of physical and electronic
delivery channels to maximize customer choice and convenience, which has helped to differentiate our products in the marketplace.
Our branch banking software is flexible and scalable and integrates seamlessly with our electronic delivery channels. At March
31, 2019, we had 14,987 automated teller machines across India. Our automated teller machines have additional features such as
instant fund transfer, bill payment and insurance premium payment. At March 31, 2019, we had 1,167 insta-banking kiosks that are
touch-screen self-service devices that allow customers to pre-process or completely process transactions, thus reducing wait-time.
We also had 1,451 cash acceptance machines where customers can directly deposit cash without visiting the branch. Over 100 fully
automated Touch Banking branches were deployed that provide 24-hour simple and convenient electronic banking to customers. At these
branches, customers can perform banking transactions like cash deposits, cash withdrawals, fund transfer, bill payments and enquiries
relating to their accounts. Customers can also interact with our customer service staff through video-conferencing facilities at
select Touch Banking branches. Our employees open new customer accounts using tablets to capture customer information digitally
in order to minimize physical documents and improve efficiency in opening of new deposit accounts.

Call Centers

Our call centers across locations at Thane
and Hyderabad are operational around the clock and are equipped with multiple leading edge systems such as interactive voice response
systems, automatic call distribution, computer telephony integration and voice recorders. We seek to use the latest technology
in these call centers to provide an integrated customer view to the call center agents to get a complete overview of the customer’s
relationship with us. The database enables customer segmentation and assists the call agent in identifying and executing cross-selling
opportunities.

Electronic and Online Channels

We offer a number of online banking services
to our customers for both corporate and retail products and services. Our website offers a seamless and customized experience across
multiple devices. It also gives differential experience to different customer segments.

We offer mobile banking services in India
in line with our strategy to offer multi-channel access to our customers. This service has now been extended to all mobile telephone
service providers across India and non-resident Indian customers in certain other countries where we have a presence. In recent
years, we have enhanced our focus on mobile banking in view of the growing use of mobile phones for various applications. Our mobile
banking application, iMobile, offers more than 250 services, which are available across all mobile platforms. During fiscal 2019,
the mobile application was enhanced with new features and intuitive widgets. This includes an algorithm-led investment advisory
application, Money Coach, which manages the entire investment journey of a customer. Another feature added is an intuitive interface,
Discover, which enables customers to track personal spends and deliverables. Other features on iMobile include setting limits on
cards and getting instant digital credit up to Rs. 20,000. As a security feature, the app allows customers to manage their credit
card limits and temporarily block/unblock cards for transactions as and when needed. Other features introduced include online know-you-customer
registration, online registration process for mutual funds at a single click and peer-to-peer fund transfer to registered payees
using voice commands on iPhone.

113

Our banking application on Facebook allows
customers to access their account details, view account statements and place service requests. We also have innovative payment
services on Twitter, through which customers can transfer funds while using Twitter.

We have launched a range of instant credit
products that are accessible entirely on the digital platform. The processing of loans is digitised end-to-end enabling instant
disbursement to pre-approved customers. During fiscal 2019, we expanded our range of instant credit products to include instant
personal loans, business loans, home loans including top up, auto loans, two-wheeler loans and credit cards. We introduced an instant
digital credit facility on our mobile app, PayLater, which enables pre-approved customers to avail instant credit for buying small
ticket items.

For our small and medium enterprise customers,
we have introduced an array of digital products to meet their business and transaction banking requirements. This includes a digitised
process for current account opening, instant digitally processed overdraft facility and business loans based on revenues reported
in the Goods and Services Tax returns. In fiscal 2019, we enhanced the Trade Online platform to enable corporates and small and
medium enterprises to perform most of their export and import transactions digitally. We also provide platforms and solutions that
go beyond banking and support the growth of small and medium enterprises like providing an online marketplace to buy and sell products
and avenues for building knowledge on businesses and global best practices.

Our online remittance solution is available
as a mobile application across major platforms and allows customers to track exchange rates and initiate remittance transactions.
In the area of remittances, we have focused on products that can expedite money transfer and offer convenience to customers in
remitting money to India. We have enhanced our remittance services, Money2India website and mobile application, for seamless experience
and offer round the clock instant transfers. We have also launched a voice based international remittances and social media pay
service to enable non-resident customers to send money to India. We recently enabled block-chain based processing for outward remittance
from India to Canada, and aim to replicate the same in other overseas locations.

Our e-wallet called “Pockets”
is a mobile application allowing an individual to transact on any website or mobile application in India. The e-wallet allows for
the transfer of funds to any email ID, mobile number, friend on Facebook and bank account, the payment of bills and the booking
of tickets. We have also provided solutions in areas like urban mass rapid transit payment systems and electronic toll collection
on highways and have developed exclusive cards with the convenience of automatic top-up of the balance available for transit or
toll payments, thus minimizing waiting time for making such payments. We have also launched electronic toll collections and transit
card solutions. We introduced transit cards for metro trains and have tied up with metro operators in Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad,
Bengaluru and Ahmedabad. We have issued prepaid radio frequency identification tags for vehicles for electronic toll collection
and have also developed a central clearing house to process the toll payments. We issued more than one million radio frequency
identification tags till end of fiscal 2019. We also launched a contactless mobile payment solution which allows cashless payments
using smartphones, thereby eliminating the need to carry cash or debit and credit cards.

We host virtual mobile application development
challenge called ‘ICICI Appathon’ to tap into the immense talent of a techno-innovative generation to bring new ideas
and develop the next generation of banking applications on mobile phones. The objective is to develop next generation banking applications
on mobile and the web space.

We worked closely with the National Payments
Corporation of India for the development of the Unified Payment Interface, a payment platform which allows instant transfer of
funds to any bank account using a virtual payment address and without requiring bank account details. The Unified Payment Interface
has been promoted by us through various platforms. We introduced Unified Payment Interface in our mobile application and our digital
wallet. We also enabled payment through the Bharat Interface for Money, a mobile application promoted by the Government of India
and built using the Unified Payment Interface. We have launched a mobile application for merchants in India, ‘Eazypay’,
which allows merchants to accept payments on mobile phones through multiple modes including credit/debit cards of any bank, internet
banking and through our digital wallet. We also engaged with web-based service providers like cab aggregators and an online food
delivery for offering payment services using the Unified Payment Interface platform.

We believe there are significant opportunities
to grow the personal loans and credit card portfolio by mining the existing customer base for cross
-
sell
and partnerships with technology companies. Partnerships with platforms with large customer bases and transaction volumes offer
unique opportunities for growth and enhancing service delivery and customer experience. During fiscal 2019, we entered into two
partnerships, one with an ecommerce company and another with an online travel company, with large customer bases and transaction
volumes for offering co-branded credit cards.

We are also promoting a digital culture
in the villages and encouraging use of digital technology in the villages. Through the ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth, we
are providing vocational training for livelihood generation in

114

the villages and had covered over 1,200 villages under the skill
training program by March 31, 2019. We also have a banking app for rural customers, Mera iMobile, which allows users in rural areas
to avail as many as 135 services and is available in several Indian languages.

High-Speed Electronic Communications
Infrastructure

We have a nationwide data communications
backbone linking all our channels and offices. The network is designed for extensive reach and redundancy, which are imperative
in a vast country like India.

Operations Relating to Commercial
Banking for Retail Customers

Our retail banking back-office operations
are performed from multiple locations through a decentralized and centralized setup. The teams are spread across more than 200
locations to support the transactional requirements of customers of savings account, current accounts, consumer loans, credit cards,
depositary accounts, and third party products. Additionally, there are 40 currency management processing units to meet the cash
requirements of our customers through branches and ATMs. All the processing units are connected with diversified mobility and work
flow solutions integrated with digital image capturing features which enable functioning of operations in a digitised and paper
free environment. The back-end operations are enabled with the latest technology including robotic solutions, optical character
recognition, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, application programming interface (APIs) and data analytics.
In fiscal 2019, we introduced cognitive cheque clearing technique which extensively uses data analytics to improve the time taken
in the cheque clearing process and enhanced due diligence enabling stronger process controls. Branch processes are continuously
reviewed and redesigned, and critical services enabled for self-service, thereby enhancing customer convenience.

Operations Relating to Commercial
Banking for Corporate Customers

Our corporate banking back office operations
are centralized and we have a business process management solution to automate our activities in the areas of trade services and
general banking operations. Through integration of the workflow system with the imaging and document management system, we have
achieved substantial savings and practically eliminated the use of paper for these processes. We have a comprehensive payments
solution for institutional and government customers. We have an online tendering platform, supporting multiple payment modes and
covering various electronic collection and payment products. Under the new goods and services tax regime introduced in July 2017,
we have been authorized to collect taxes by the Government of India, which will facilitate payment of taxes by corporates directly
to the Government of India. We are also building on new technologies to simplify and expedite processes. In fiscal 2017, we had
executed pilot transactions in international trade finance and remittance using blockchain technology. In fiscal 2018, the Bank
successfully on-boarded over 250 corporations on the blockchain platform for trade finance. We also led the creation of a consortium
of public and private sector banks to digitize inland trade by harnessing the Blockchain Distributed Ledger Technology platform
and have also made available letter of credit issuance and advising modules to corporates. We also launched a digital payment solution
on our online trade platform which helps customers to manage their entire export banking life cycle digitally. In fiscal 2019,
we launched a digital financial supply chain platform with integrated payment solutions that would help in streamlining delivery
systems across the entire value chain of corporates. We were also one of the first banks in India to go live on the SWIFT global
payments innovation platform to facilitate faster cross-border payments and enable real-time payments tracking.

Our treasury-trading infrastructure has
a state-of-the-art internet protocol telephony based architecture. We have enhanced our existing process of automation in the treasury
business, thus reducing trading risks and enhancing market competitiveness. We have centralized the processing systems of treasuries
of all our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries. As a result, the processing of transactions as well as the applications
used for deal entry are now centrally located and maintained in India.

Customer Relationship Management

We have implemented a customer relationship
management solution for the automation of customer service requests in all key retail products. The solution helps in tracking
and timely resolution of various customer queries and issues. The solution has been deployed at the phone banking call centers
as well as at a large number of branches.

Data Warehousing and Data Mining

We have a data warehouse for customer data
aggregation and data mining initiatives. We have implemented an enterprise application integration initiative across our retail
and corporate products and services, to link various products, delivery and channel systems. This initiative follows from our multi-channel
customer service strategy and seeks to deliver customer related information consistently across access points. It also aims to
provide us with valuable

115

information to compile a unified customer view and creates various
opportunities associated with cross-selling and upselling other financial products.

Data Centre and Disaster Recovery
System

We have a data center at Hyderabad, which
is designed to optimize energy efficiency and accommodate high server densities. We also have a disaster recovery data center at
Jaipur. We have developed business continuity plans, which would help facilitate continuity of critical businesses in the event
of a disaster. These plans are tested periodically and have been prepared in line with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank
of India and have been approved by our Board of Directors. The Bank has created its own private cloud to enable cloud computing.
The Bank has also equipped itself with state-of-the-art infrastructure management systems which leverage “Internet of Things”
based technology at its data center for optimal utilization of energy and reduction of operational costs.

Cyber Security

We have taken a comprehensive approach
pertaining to cyber security and have laid down policies, standards and guidelines addressing security against cyber threats. The
triad of Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability are at the center of our comprehensive information security framework. The
approach covers all aspects of prevention, detection and response. We have implemented a robust information and cyber security
control framework by deploying several security controls including firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, a digital rights management
solution, a data leakage prevention solution, an anti-email spoofing framework, mobile device management and an advanced behavior
based anti-malware and dynamic URL filtering solution. We also emphasize on customer elements like protection from phishing, adaptive
authentication, awareness initiatives and protection and risk configuration in the hands of the customers. For instance, in fiscal
2019, a unique feature was introduced in our mobile application which allows customers to view card related parameters and modify
them based on requirements including temporarily blocking the card and changing the card limit. We have a dedicated in-house cyber
security operations center for monitoring and handling cyber security incidents. See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Our Business—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting
our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure
of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure”
.

Competition

We face competition in all our principal
areas of business from Indian and foreign commercial banks, housing finance companies, non-banking financial companies, new differentiated
banks in the private sector such as payments banks and small finance banks, non-bank entities offering retail payments services,
mutual funds and investment banks. We seek to gain competitive advantage over our competitors by offering innovative products and
services, using technology, building customer relationships and developing a team of highly motivated and skilled employees. We
evaluate our competitive position separately in respect of our products and services for retail and corporate customers.

Commercial Banking Products and Services
for Retail Customers

In the retail markets, competition has
traditionally been from foreign and Indian commercial banks, non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies. In
recent years, competition is also emerging from new types of banks that have entered the financial market such as small finance
banks and payments banks and non-bank entities offering payments and remittance services.

The retail market is rapidly changing with
developments in technology and innovations in mobility and digitization. This has increased the focus of Indian banks on leveraging
these trends to compete effectively. Banks in India, including us, are offering products and services through multiple technology-enabled
channels including mobile and internet based banking services, apart from the traditional branch network. Foreign banks have the
product and delivery capabilities but are likely to focus on limited customer segments and geographical locations since they have
a smaller customer base than Indian commercial banks. Indian public sector banks have wide branch distribution networks but generally
have limited technology and marketing capabilities. Private sector banks have a relatively smaller branch network but stronger
technology capabilities. In addition, some specialized non-banking financial companies have increased market share in certain segments
of retail banking products, including segments where banks have a presence. They have significantly expanded their network and
emerged as competitors particularly in the home, vehicle and personal loans markets. Mutual funds are another source of competition
to us. Mutual funds offer tax advantages and have the capacity to earn competitive returns and hence present a competitive alternative
to bank deposits.

Commercial banks compete to attract retail
bank deposits, historically the preferred retail savings product in India. We pursue a multi-channel distribution strategy utilizing
physical branches, business correspondents, ATMs, telephone

116

banking call centers, mobile banking, tablet banking, the internet
and social media to reach customers. Further, following a strategy focused on customer profiles and product segmentation, we offer
differentiated liability products to customers depending on their occupation, age and income profile. We manage to capitalize on
our corporate relationships to gain individual customer accounts through payroll management products. Competition in lending to
the retail segment has increased significantly in recent years. Commercial banks, particularly private sector banks, are significantly
increasing lending to retail customers due to the limited opportunities in lending to the corporate sector, thus leading to competitive
pressures. The competition from non-banking finance companies in the retail space has increased significantly in recent years,
though in fiscal 2019 they faced significant liquidity challenges and slowed down lending thus creating opportunities for commercial
banks to expand.

New banks in the private sector are also
competing with us. The Reserve Bank of India granted approval to two applicants for setting up new private sector banks which began
banking operations during fiscal 2016. The Reserve Bank of India has given licenses to entities, which includes large telecom companies
and pre-paid wallet providers, to establish payments banks. Licenses have also been given to establish small finance banks, which
include micro-finance non-banking finance companies. Ten small finance banks and seven payments banks have begun operations. Recently,
a payment bank that had begun operations voluntarily decided to wind up its operations. The Reserve Bank of India has released
a discussion paper on licensing of wholesale and long-term finance banks that will largely lend to infrastructure and core industries.
A discussion paper on licensing of other differentiated banks such as custodian banks has also been indicated. The Reserve Bank
of India has released guidelines with respect to continuous licensing policy for universal banks as compared to the earlier practice
of intermittently issuing licenses. The Reserve Bank of India is also planning to allow small finance banks to apply for universal
banking license under this framework. The Reserve Bank of India has also indicated that it plans to give greater access to foreign
banks in the Indian market. The Reserve Bank of India released a framework for the presence of foreign banks in November 2013 and
has indicated that the subsidiary route would be the preferred mode of presence for foreign banks and has proposed giving near
national treatment based on the principles of reciprocity and subsidiary mode of presence.

Recently, non-financial companies, particularly
international technology companies including large e-commerce players, are increasing their presence in the financial sector and
are offering payment platforms and select services. We are currently partnering with some of these entities to jointly offer payment
and credit products and services. Some or all of these entities, which have substantially more resources than us and other Indian
banks, may eventually seek a larger share of the banking and financial services market in India and compete with us.

We seek to compete in this market through
a full product portfolio and effective distribution channels, which include digital channels, branches, agents, partnerships, robust
credit processes and collection mechanisms, and experienced professionals. We offer a comprehensive suite of products and services
to customers. These include savings, investment, credit and protection products based on customer needs, along with convenient
payment and transaction banking services. Cross-selling appropriate products to existing customers based on analytics is a key
element of our strategy. We seek to adopt a 'Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank' approach across our business.

Commercial Banking Products and Services
for Agricultural and Rural Customers

In our commercial banking operations for
agricultural and rural customers, we face competition from public sector banks that have large branch networks in rural India.
Other private sector banks and non-banking finance companies have also increased their focus on rural markets. We also face competition
from specialized players such as rural-focused financial institutions and micro-finance companies. The Reserve Bank of India has
issued licenses to specialized small finance banks, which have higher directed lending targets compared to banks and will compete
in the rural and unorganized sectors. We seek to compete in this business based on our product strategy, technological capabilities
and having multiple channels.

Commercial Banking Products and Services
for Corporate Customers

In recent years, the corporate sector has
been facing significant challenges which has led to a slowdown in lending to the sector by public sector banks. Private sector
banks have, however, continued to increase their credit to corporate customers. We seek to compete in this segment based on our
service and prompt turnaround time that we believe are significantly faster than public sector banks, as well as the significant
improvement in our funding base and funding cost in recent years which enables us to participate profitably in higher rated corporate
credit. We offer customized financial solutions to customers based on the changing macro-economic landscape. We seek to compete
with the large branch networks of the public sector banks through our multi-channel distribution approach and technology-driven
delivery capabilities. Traditionally, foreign banks have been active in providing treasury-related products and services, trade
finance, fee-based services and other short term financing products to top-tier Indian corporations. We compete with foreign banks
in cross-border trade finance based on our wider geographical reach relative to foreign banks and our customized trade financing
solutions. We have established strong fee-based cash management services and leverage

117

our balance sheet size, wider branch network, strong technology
capabilities and our international presence to compete in treasury-related products and services.

Other new private sector banks also compete
in the corporate banking market on the basis of efficiency, service delivery and technology. However, we believe that our size,
capital base, strong corporate relationships, wider geographical reach and ability to use technology to provide innovative, value-added
products and services provide us with a competitive edge.

In project finance, our competitors are
Indian banks and non-bank financial institutions. In recent years, the Indian banking sector has been facing challenges in project
financing, particularly to the infrastructure sector, due to a rise in defaults by borrowers which has led to a significant increase
in non-performing loans for the banking sector, including us. Going forward, we intend to be cautious and selective in project
financing.

We are increasingly focused on establishing
strong synergies across our businesses to focus not only on corporate clients but also their surrounding ecosystems of employees,
dealers and vendors, to cross-sell the full range of our products and services.

Commercial Banking Products and Services
for International Customers

Our international strategy is focused on
India-linked opportunities. In our international operations, we face competition from Indian public sector banks with overseas
operations, foreign banks with products and services targeted at non-resident Indians and Indian businesses and other service providers
such as remittance services. Foreign banks have become more competitive in providing financing to Indian businesses leveraging
their strength of access to lower cost foreign currency funds. We are seeking to position ourselves as an Indian bank offering
products and services focused on non-resident Indians and India-linked trade corridors with an extensive distribution network in
India, to gain competitive advantage. We seek to leverage our technology capabilities developed in our domestic businesses to offer
convenience and efficient services to our international customers. We also seek to leverage our strong relationships with Indian
corporations in our international business.

Insurance and Asset Management

Our insurance and asset management businesses
face competition from existing dominant public sector players as well as new private sector players. We believe that ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited
have built strong product, distribution and risk management capabilities, achieving strong market positions in their respective
businesses. We believe that the ability to leverage ICICI Bank’s retail franchise and distribution network is a key competitive
advantage for our insurance and asset management subsidiaries.

Employees

At year-end fiscal 2019, we had 117,340
employees, including sales executives, employees on fixed term contracts and interns, compared to 112,360 employees at year-end
fiscal 2018 and 107,971 employees at year-end fiscal 2017. Of these, 86,763 employees were employed by ICICI Bank at year-end fiscal
2019 (at year-end fiscal 2018: 82,724). Of our 117,340 employees at year-end fiscal 2019, approximately 55,780 were professionally
qualified, holding degrees in management, accountancy, engineering, law, computer science, economics or banking.

We dedicate a significant amount of senior
management time in ensuring that employees remain highly motivated and are aligned to the organization’s core employee proposition.
Employee compensation is linked to performance and we encourage the involvement of our employees in the overall performance and
profitability of the Bank. Performance appraisal & succession planning systems have been instrumental in assisting management
in career development. Management believes that it has good working relationships with its employees.

ICICI Bank has an employee stock option
scheme to encourage and retain high-performing employees. Pursuant to the employee stock option scheme, up to 10.0% of the aggregate
of our issued equity shares at the time of grant of the stock options can be allocated under the employee stock option scheme.
The stock options entitle eligible employees to apply for equity shares. Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share
Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014, options are granted by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee
and noted by the Board.

The eligibility of each employee is determined
based on an evaluation including the employee’s work performance and job criticality. ICICI Bank pays performance linked
retention pay to its front-line employees and junior management and performance bonus to its middle and senior management. Performance
linked retention pay aims to reward front-line and junior managers mainly on the basis of skill maturity attained through experience
and continuity

118

in role which is a key differentiator for customer services.
ICICI Bank also pays variable pay to sales officers and relationship manager in wealth management roles while monitoring that such
pay-outs are in accordance with the compensation-related guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank uses a higher proportion
of variable pay at senior levels and lower variable pay at front-line staff and junior management levels. The quantum of bonus
for an employee does not exceed a certain percentage of the total fixed pay in a year. Within this percentage, if the bonus exceeds
a predefined percentage of the fixed pay, a part of the bonus is deferred and paid over a period. The deferred portion is subject
to malus, under which ICICI Bank would prevent vesting of all or part of the variable pay in the event of an enquiry determining
gross negligence, breach of integrity or in the event of evidence of deterioration in financial performance. In such cases, variable
pay already paid out is subject to claw-back arrangements. See also “
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors
and Officers—Employee Stock Option Scheme
”.

ICICI Bank has training centers, where
various training programs designed to meet the changing skill requirements of its employees are conducted. These training programs
include orientation sessions for new employees and management development programs for mid-level and senior executives. The training
centers regularly offer courses conducted by faculty, both national and international, drawn from industry, academia and ICICI
Bank’s own organization. Training programs are also conducted for developing functional as well as managerial skills. Products
and operations training are also conducted through web-based training modules.

In addition to basic compensation, employees
of ICICI Bank are eligible to receive loans from ICICI Bank at subsidized rates and to participate in its provident fund and other
employee benefit plans. The provident fund, to which both ICICI Bank and its employees contribute a defined amount, is a savings
scheme, required by government regulation, under which ICICI Bank at present is required to pay to employees a minimum annual return
as specified from time to time, which was specified at 8.65% for fiscal 2019. If such return is not generated internally by the
fund, ICICI Bank is liable for the difference. ICICI Bank has also set up a superannuation fund to which it contributes defined
amounts. The employees have been given an option to opt out of the superannuation fund and in such cases the defined amounts are
paid as part of monthly salary. In addition, ICICI Bank contributes specified amounts to a gratuity fund set up pursuant to Indian
statutory requirements.

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, the number of employees in ICICI Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries and other consolidated entities.

At March 31,
2017   2018   2019
Number   % of total   Number   % of total   Number   % of total
ICICI Bank Limited   82,841   76.7   82,724   73.6   86,763   84.0
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   12,437   11.5   15,819   14.1   14,159   0.0
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   6,460   6.0   6,855   6.1   8,462   8.2
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   287   0.3   332   0.3   1,273   1.2
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   1,476   1.4   1,913   1.7   2,061   2.0
ICICI Securities Limited   3,925   3.6   4,189   3.7   4,072   4.0
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   76   0.1   76   0.1   75   0.1
Others   469   0.4   452   0.4   475   0.5
Total number of employees (1)   107,971   100   112,360   100   117,340   100

(1)   Includes interns, sales executives and employees on fixed-term contract totaling 1,961 at year-end
fiscal 2019, 1,286 at year-end fiscal 2018 and 1850 at year-end fiscal 2017 .

Properties

Our registered office is located at ICICI
Bank Tower, Near Chakli Circle, Old Padra Road, Vadodara 390 007, Gujarat, India. Our corporate headquarters are located at ICICI
Bank Towers, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400 051, Maharashtra, India.

ICICI Bank had a principal network consisting
of 4,874 branches and 14,987 ATMs at March 31, 2019 compared to 4,867 branches and 14,367 ATMs at March 31, 2018. These facilities
are located throughout India. In addition to branches, extension counters and ATMs, ICICI Bank has 47 controlling or administrative
offices, including our registered office at Vadodara and our corporate headquarters at Mumbai, 52 processing centers and 38 currency
chests.

119

At March 31, 2019, we had branches in Bahrain, Dubai International
Financial Centre, Hong Kong, Singapore, Sri Lanka, the United States, South Africa, China and representative offices in the United
Arab Emirates, Bangladesh, Indonesia, and Malaysia. We also provide residential facilities to employees. At March 31, 2019, we
owned 685 apartments for providing residential facilities to our employees.

Legal and Regulatory Proceedings

We are involved in various litigations
and are subject to a wide variety of banking and financial services laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which
we operate. We are also subject to a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of these jurisdictions. We
are involved in a number of legal proceedings and regulatory relationships in the ordinary course of our business, some of which
have resulted in penalties imposed on and paid by us in the past. In addition, two instances of whistleblower complaints and allegations
in the media have led to enquiries initiated by the Board of Directors in fiscal 2018, as well as regulatory enquiries and/or investigations.

The following penalties were imposed and
paid by us in the past five years:

·   In July 2014, the Reserve Bank of India imposed a penalty on 12 Indian banks including us following its scrutiny of the loan
and current accounts of one corporate borrower with these banks. The penalty imposed on us was Rs. 4 million.

·   In October 2014, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India imposed a penalty of Rs. 5 million on ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited following the onsite inspection conducted in August 2010 on market conduct and financial condition
of the company.

·   In December 2014, the Reserve Bank of India imposed penalties on two Indian banks, including us, for non-compliance with the
Know Your Customer/Anti Money Laundering directions/guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India in respect of fraudulent opening
of fictitious accounts with certain banks. The penalty imposed on us was Rs. 5 million.

·   In February 2015, a penalty was imposed on several banks including ICICI Bank by the Financial Intelligence Unit, India for
failure in reporting of attempted suspicious transactions, with respect to the incidents concerning the media sting operation in
June 2013. The Bank was levied a penalty of Rs. 1.4 million which we had paid and filed an appeal against the penalty with the
Appellate Tribunal. In June 2017, the Appellate Tribunal ruled that the penalty was not sustainable. The Tribunal asked the appellant
banks to be careful and report such matters in the future. See also “ —Risk Management—Anti-Money Laundering
Controls ”.

·   In September 2015, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India imposed a penalty of Rs. 1 million on ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company after an on-site inspection on Government sponsored schemes conducted during February, 2014.

·   In October 2015, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India imposed a penalty of Rs. 0.5 million on ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company for payments made directly to employees of outsourced entity over and above agreed contract terms
and conditions.

·   In March 2017, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India imposed a penalty of Rs. 2 million on ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited for non-compliance with certain regulations/guidelines issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development
Authority towards marketing support fees and expenses, payouts to corporate agents and rewards and recognition programs for distribution
partners.

·   In October 2017, the Reserve Bank of India advised ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited to pay a penalty of Rs. 12,637
for having availed the liquidity support in excess of the limit. ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited has requested the
Reserve Bank of India to reconsider the penalty levied on it.

·   In November 2017, an overseas regulator imposed a total sum of SGD 0.8 million (Rs. 38.2 million) for non-adherence of rules
under Anti-Money Laundering regulations at one of ICICI Bank’s overseas branches, resulting from regulatory inspection conducted
in 2013 and subsequently, pursuant to a consultant’s review of records, relating to the period of May 2012 to April 2014.

·   In March 2018, the Reserve Bank of India imposed a monetary penalty of Rs. 589 million on ICICI Bank for non-compliance with
directions/guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. This penalty has been imposed in exercise of powers vested in the Reserve
Bank of India under the provisions of Section 47A(1) (c) read with Section 46(4)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

120

·   In February 2019, the Reserve Bank of India imposed an aggregate penalty of Rs. 10 million on ICICI Bank for delay in compliance
with directions/guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India on “Time-bound implementation and strengthening of SWIFT related
controls. This penalty has been imposed in exercise of powers vested in the Reserve Bank of India under the provisions of Section
47A(1) (c) read with Section 46(4)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

At year-end fiscal 2019, our contingent tax liability
was assessed at an aggregate of Rs. 63.0 billion, mainly pertaining to income tax, service tax and sales tax/value added tax demands
by the government of India’s tax authorities for past years. We have appealed against each of these tax demands. The tax
related inquiries by the tax authorities are not included in contingent liabilities as we believe that such proceedings are likely
to be either dropped by the tax authorities or will not be upheld by judicial authorities. Based on consultation with counsel and
favorable decisions in our own and other similar cases as set out below, management believes that the tax authorities are not likely
to be able to substantiate their tax assessments and, accordingly, we have not provided for these tax demands at year-end fiscal
2019. Disputed tax issues that are classified as remote are not disclosed as contingent liabilities by us

Of the contingent tax liability of Rs.
63.0 billion:

·   Rs. 45.8 billion related to appeals filed by us or the tax authorities with respect to assessments mainly pertaining to income
tax, and interest tax, where we were relying on favorable precedent decisions of the appellate authorities and opinions from counsel.
The key disputed liabilities were:

·   Rs. 21.0 billion related to whether interest expenses can be attributed to earning tax-exempt income. We believe that no interest
can be allocated as there are no borrowings earmarked for investments in shares/tax free bonds and our interest free funds are
sufficient to cover investments in the underlying tax free securities. We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past
decisions by the appellate authorities in similar cases;

·   Rs. 5.3 billion related to the disallowance of mark-to-market losses on derivative transactions treated by the tax authorities
as notional losses. We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities in similar
cases, which had allowed the deduction of mark-to-market losses from business income;

·   Rs. 3.4 billion related to the disallowance of depreciation claims on leased assets by the tax authorities, by treating the
lease transactions as loan transactions. We have relied on a favorable opinion from the counsel and past decisions by the appellate
authorities in the Bank’s own case and other similar cases;

·   Rs. 1.0 billion related to taxability of amounts withdrawn from the special reserve. ICICI Bank had maintained two special
reserve accounts, which included a special reserve created up to assessment year fiscal 1998. Withdrawals from the account were
assessed as taxable by the tax authorities for the assessment years fiscal 1999 to fiscal 2001. We have received favorable orders
in respect of these assessment years, however these are subject to further appeal by the income tax department;

·   Rs. 1.9 billion related to the disallowance of broken period interest paid on purchase of government securities considering
it as capital in nature since the same have been classified under held-to-maturity category by us. We have relied on favorable
decisions by the appellate authorities in Bank’s own case and other similar cases;

·   Rs. 2.4 billion related to the disallowance of interest paid on perpetual bonds as it does not qualify as a borrowing and interest
paid on these bonds is not admissible as a deduction. We have relied on a favorable opinion from legal counsel and past decision
by the appellate authorities in Group’s own case;

·   Rs. 5.6 billion related to the disallowance of written-off amounts for credit cards for claiming bad debt write-offs. It was
disallowed on the ground that the credit card business is neither a banking business nor pertaining to money lending and hence
did not fulfill conditions for claim of bad debt write-off. We have relied on a favorable opinion from legal counsel and past decision
by the appellate authorities in Group’s own case.

121

·   Rs. 13.4 billion was in respect of service tax matters. Of the total demand, Rs. 5.9 billion pertained to the Bank mainly relating
to interest charged on liquidity facilities provided to trusts holding securitized loan portfolios, inter-change fee received by
the Bank as an issuing bank on card transactions, amount received as subvention income from dealer/manufacturer for interest forgone
by the Bank, amount paid as foreign bank charges in case of import and export transactions, ATM inter-change fees and amount paid
to assignor arising out of securitization transactions and disallowance of input credit availed for service tax on insurance premium
along with penalty thereon. An amount of Rs. 1.5 billion pertained to our life insurance subsidiary for levying service tax on
surrender/foreclosure charges under unit linked insurance plans/life insurance plans, Rs. 4.1 billion pertained to the general
insurance subsidiary for disallowance of service tax input credit on payments made to automobile dealers; Rs. 1.1 billion pertains
to venture capital funds in respect of retention of contribution received by the fund being treated as fees received in lieu of
management services rendered by them, and Rs. 0.3 billion pertains to ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited for levy of
service tax on the income received from investment in venture capital units, by treating the same as performance fees received.
The balance amount of Rs. 0.5 billion pertained to other entities. We believe that the tax authorities would not be able to substantiate
the above tax demands.

·   Rs. 3.8 billion mainly pertained to value added tax on disposal of repossessed assets, sales tax on inter-state/import leases
by various state government authorities in respect of lease transactions entered into by the Bank, and bullion-related matters
where we are relying on favorable opinions from the counsel. The disputed issues mainly pertain to value added tax on disposal
of repossessed asset, tax on inter-state/import leases by various state government authorities in respect of lease transactions
entered into by the Bank and bullion related matters pertaining to procedural issues like submission of statutory forms.

Based on judicial precedents in our own
and other cases, and upon consultation with the tax counsel, the management believes that it is more likely that our tax position
will be sustained and accordingly, no provision has been made in the accounts.

The above contingent liability does not
include Rs. 42.2 billion, considered as remote. Of the total disputed tax demands classified as remote, Rs. 28.4 billion mainly
pertained to the deduction of bad debts and levy of penalties, which were covered by favorable Supreme Court of India decisions
in other cases and Rs. 12.9 billion pertained to error requiring rectification by tax authorities. Therefore, they were not required
to be disclosed as contingent liability. The consequence of inquiries initiated by the tax authorities have not been quantified,
as we believe that such proceedings were likely to be dropped by the tax authorities or would not be upheld by judicial authorities.

A number of litigations and claims against
ICICI Bank and its directors are pending in various forums. The claims on ICICI Bank mainly arise in connection with civil cases
involving allegations of service deficiencies, property or labor disputes, fraudulent transactions, economic offences and other
cases filed in the normal course of business. We are also subject to counterclaims arising in connection with our enforcement of
contracts and loans. A provision is created where an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable
estimate can be made. In view of the inherent unpredictability of litigation and for cases where the claim amount sought is substantial,
the actual cost of resolving litigations may be substantially different from the provision held.

We held a total provision of Rs. 376 million
at year-end fiscal 2019 for 370 cases with claims totaling to approximately Rs. 1.1 billion, where an unfavorable outcome was deemed
probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate could be made.

For cases where an unfavorable outcome
is deemed to be reasonably possible but not probable, the amount of claims is included in contingent liabilities. At year-end fiscal
2019, such claims amounted to a total of Rs. 1.1 billion relating to 109 cases. It was not possible to estimate the possible loss
or range of possible losses for these cases due to the nature of the cases and other external factors. For cases where the possibility
of an unfavorable outcome is deemed remote, we have not made a provision, nor have we included the amount of the claims in these
cases in contingent liabilities.

In some instances, civil litigants have
named our directors as co-defendants in lawsuits against ICICI Bank. There were 237 such cases at year-end fiscal 2019.

Management believes, based on consultation
with counsel, that the claims and counterclaims filed against us in the above legal proceedings are frivolous and untenable and
their ultimate resolution will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
Based on a review of other litigations with legal counsel, management believes that the outcome of such other matters will also
not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

At year-end fiscal 2019, there were 83
ongoing litigations (including those where the likelihood of our incurring liability is assessed as “probable”, “possible”
and “remote”), each involving a claim of Rs. 10 million or more, with an aggregate amount of approximately Rs. 175.4
billion (to the extent quantifiable and including amounts claimed jointly

122

and severally from us and other parties). The following are
7 litigations where the amounts claimed are Rs. 1.0 billion or higher:

·   The promoters and promoter group entities of Kingfisher Airlines Limited have filed a suit in the
Bombay High Court against 19 lenders who had provided credit facilities to Kingfisher Airlines Limited seeking to declare void
the corporate guarantee given by one of the entities to the lenders and restrain the lenders from acting in furtherance of the
corporate guarantee as well as a personal guarantee of the promoter and invocation of pledge of shares held by the lenders, and
claiming damages of Rs. 32.0 billion from the lenders towards sums invested by the promoter group in Kingfisher Airlines Limited.
The Bombay High Court has not granted any interim relief restraining lenders from acting in furtherance of the invocation of pledge.
ICICI Bank had assigned its exposure to Kingfisher Airlines Limited to a third party in September 2012 and thereby ceased to be
a lender to the company. The cause of action for the suit arose subsequent to that date, and the securities mentioned in the suit
were not securities held by ICICI Bank even when it was a lender to the company. Consequently, ICICI Bank believes the suit against
it is not maintainable and has filed its written statement. The matter is pending before the court.

·   A guarantor for a loan to a borrower, Esslon Synthetics Limited, which has since been wound up
had filed a counter-claim for an amount of Rs. 1.0 billion against ICICI Bank following a claim by ICICI Bank against him in his
capacity as guarantor. He has claimed that he had been coerced by ICICI Bank to sign facility and security documents. Pleadings
have been completed and the matter is listed for final arguments on August 17, 2019. On the basis of the pleadings of the parties,
it appears that the chances of the counter claim against ICICI Bank succeeding are remote.

·   UIC Udyog Limited filed a suit jointly against State Bank of India, ICICI Bank limited and Industrial Development Bank of India
claiming compensation for loss of business, goodwill, etc. for allegedly refusing to infuse funds in line with the agreement arrived
at pursuant to restructuring of the existing facilities. The matter is being contested on merits on the grounds that the borrower
failed to comply with the terms and conditions as recorded in the minutes of the Joint Meetings held by the Consortium Lenders
between the years 2014 to 2016 and as also recorded in the restructuring documents leading to the accounts of the Borrower being
classified as non-performing asset. State Bank of India has also filed a corporate insolvency regulation process application against
UIC Udyog Limited before the National Company Law Tribunal, Kolkata which is listed for hearing on September 4, 2019. In case the
application is admitted and the corporate insolvency regulation process is initiated, all legal proceedings initiated against UIC
Udyog Limited shall be in abeyance till the completion of such corporate insolvency regulation process. Based on the above, the
assessment of liability in respect of the claim which amounts to Rs. 5.3 billion has been classified as remote .

·   Pursuant to invocation of the corporate guarantee of Essar Energy Limited in relation to Essar Power Jharkhand Limited and
initiation of winding up action by ICICI Bank in UK, Essar Energy Limited filed a suit against ICICI Bank in the Bombay High Court
for a claim amount of Rs. 42.3 billion. At the first hearing, pursuant to arguments, Essar Energy Limited agreed that it shall
not presently press for any interim reliefs and agreed to give sufficient notice to ICICI Bank before pursuing for any interim
relief. ICICI Bank has filed its written statement in the matter in line with procedural requirements. Essar Energy Limited has
not pressed for any interim relief as on date. The matter has not been listed for any further hearing. The chances of the claim
against ICICI Bank being successful are remote .

·   ICICI Bank had extended credit facilities to Shrenuj & Company Limited. However, the borrower along with the guarantors/promoters
defaulted on the amounts due. The Bank subsequently filed an original application for recovery of claims amounting to Rs. 1.6 billion
plus applicable interest and expenses. The Bank also filed an interim application for appointment of a Court Receiver to take possession
of the movables charged to the Bank in the Debt Recovery Tribunal, Mumbai in June 2016. The Tribunal vide its ex-parte order dated
June 15, 2016 appointed an employee of ICICI Bank as Court Receiver to take physical possession of the movables available across
various premises of the borrower in Mumbai. The Court Receiver and other officers of ICICI Bank duly took possession of the movable
assets situated at different places. In the interim, ICICI Bank sold the loan assets of the borrower to an asset reconstruction
company, JM Financial Asset Reconstruction Company Limited. Accordingly, the asset reconstruction company was duly substituted
in place of ICICI Bank in the original application. In January, 2018 the borrower and guarantors/ promoters filed interim applications
under the original application against ICICI Bank as proposed defendant. The applications for impleading the Bank in the counter
claim applications are pending and hence the Bank is not a party to the Original Applications. Further, ICICI Bank has an arguable
case on merits. No concrete facts have been pleaded by the applicants justifying their entitlements to the claims/damages of Rs.
73.6 billion sought under the applications. Hence the liability is categorized as remote.

123

·   ICICI Bank Limited (DIFC Branch) initiated recovery proceedings before Sharjah Courts against Universal Lubricants Factory
(Zinol) LLC and a guarantor, Mr. Ibrahim Ahmed Ali. While the recovery proceedings are ongoing, the borrower and guarantor have
filed a counter claim for an amount of AED 451 million against ICICI Bank Limited (DIFC Branch) with various allegations to the
effect that ICICI Bank’s actions resulted in the borrower’s business stopping and performance declining. The Bank filed
its reply citing the relevant contractual positions and that ICICI Bank cannot be held liable for the loss of profits of the borrower
as the amounts committed by ICICI Bank were disbursed to the Borrower and the allegations by the claimant are baseless. Hence,
the chances of claim amounting to Rs. 8.7 billion against the Bank succeeding are remote.

·   Punj Lloyd, a borrower has filed a counter-claim in the Debt Recovery Tribunal, New Delhi where
ICICI Bank has filed an original application for recovery of its dues contending that ICICI Bank failed and neglected to render
timely assistance to the borrower despite them requesting ICICI Bank on several occasions for the issuance of performance bank
guarantees, bid bonds and advance bank guarantees. Their allegation in the counter claim is that non- issuance of the bank guarantees
and bid bonds has led to the borrower losing several projects. However, the chances of claim amounting to Rs. 6.5 billion against
the Bank succeeding are remote.

·   Certain investors of a real estate investment fund, registered in Mauritius, which is an investor
in a real estate fund in India managed by ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Bank,
have filed a petition in the Supreme Court of Mauritius against ICICI Venture Funds Management Company, the trustee and administrators
of the fund and ICICI Bank alleging mis-selling and mismanagement of the Fund, and have claimed damages of US$ 103.6 million. All
the respondents to the petition, including ICICI Bank and its subsidiary, have denied and rebutted the allegations and countered
the petition. The preliminary objections raised by the respondents with respect to jurisdiction, maintainability, procedural errors
in the petition etc. are yet to be disposed of. In the same matter, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company has received a notice
from the Securities and Exchange Board of India, and is pursuing closure of the matter .

We or our employees may be subject to regulatory
investigations or enforcement proceedings in multiple jurisdictions in a variety of contexts. We have also experienced international
expansion into banking in multiple jurisdictions which exposes us to a variety of regulatory and business challenges and risks,
including cross-cultural risk, and which increased the complexity of our risks in a number of areas including currency risks, interest
rate risks, compliance risk, regulatory risk, reputational risk and operational risk. Despite our best efforts at regulatory compliance
and internal controls, we, or our employees, may from time to time, and as is common in the financial services industry, be the
subject of confidential enquiries, examinations or investigations that might, or might not, lead to proceedings against us or our
employees. In any such situation it is our policy to conduct an internal enquiry, co-operate with the regulatory authorities and,
where appropriate, suspend or discipline employees, including terminating their services.

In response to two instances of whistleblower
complaints and/or allegations in the media, the Audit Committee has initiated two investigations/enquiries. In each case, the subject
of the investigation/enquiry is also the subject of one or more regulatory enquiries or investigations.

First, the Audit Committee of the Bank
under direction given by the Board of Directors instituted an independent enquiry by a former Supreme Court Judge, Hon’ble
Mr. Justice B. N. Srikrishna (Retd.), to consider various allegations relating to the former Managing Director and Chief Executive
Officer, Ms. Chanda Kochhar. The allegations were levelled against Ms. Kochhar in media articles, a whistleblower complaint and
complaints written by a private individual to senior government officials and regulators. The allegations included nepotism, quid
pro quo and claims that Ms. Kochhar, by not disclosing conflicts of interest caused by certain transactions between certain borrowers
of the Bank and entities controlled by Ms. Kochhar’s spouse, committed infractions under applicable regulations and the Bank’s
Code of Conduct. The independent enquiry was supported by an independent law firm and a forensic firm.

Ms. Kochhar proceeded on a leave of absence
following the institution of the independent enquiry. In the interim, Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi was appointed as wholetime Director and
Chief Operating Officer and reported directly to the Board of Directors during her absence. On October 4, 2018, the Board of Directors
of the Bank, accepted the request of Ms. Kochhar to seek early retirement from the Bank at the earliest. The Board accepted this
request with immediate effect, while noting that the enquiry instituted by the Board would remain unaffected by this and certain
benefits would be subject to the outcome of the enquiry. Ms. Kochhar also relinquished office from the boards of the Bank’s
subsidiaries. The Board decided to appoint Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, which was approved
by the Reserve Bank of India for a period of three years with effect from October 15, 2018.

The board of directors considered the enquiry
report on its receipt at the board meeting held on January 30, 2019. The enquiry report concluded, primarily on account of ineffectively
dealing with conflict of interest and due disclosure or recusal requirements, that Ms. Chanda Kochhar was in violation of the ICICI
Bank Code of Conduct, its framework

124

for dealing with conflict of interest and fiduciary duties,
and in terms of applicable Indian laws, rules and regulations. It also concluded that her lack of diligence with respect to annual
disclosures as required by the Bank in terms of its internal policies, the ICICI Bank Code of Conduct and applicable Indian laws,
rules and regulations on her interests (direct or indirect) towards avoidance of conflict of interest, when considered that the
Bank’s processes were dependent solely on the directors discharging their fiduciary duty to recuse themselves and avoid conflict,
implies that the Bank’s processes were rendered ineffective by her approach to such disclosures and avoidance of conflict.
Following the receipt of the enquiry report, the board of directors decided to treat the separation of Ms. Chanda Kochhar from
the Bank as a ‘Termination for Cause’ under the Bank’s internal policies, schemes and the Code of Conduct, with
all attendant consequences (including revocation of all her existing and future entitlements such as any unpaid amounts, unpaid
bonuses or increments, unvested and vested & unexercised stock options, and medical benefits), and require the clawback of
all bonuses paid from April 2009 until March 2018.

Enquiries by government and regulatory
agencies in the matter are continuing. SEBI issued a show-cause notice to Ms. Kochhar and to the Bank in May 2018 in relation to
the allegations. The Bank has responded to the relevant allegations in the notice which pertain to the Bank. The Central Bureau
of Investigation (“CBI”) had also initiated a preliminary enquiry against various individuals and firms including unknown
officers and/or officials of the Bank. In January 2019, the CBI filed a first information report against Ms. Chanda Kochhar, her
spouse and certain borrowers of the Bank and their promoters, accusing them of cheating the Bank. The first information report
states that certain individuals who were on the board of directors of the Bank when the alleged transactions occurred and were
part of committees that sanctioned credit facilities to the concerned borrower group, may also be investigated. These include the
present Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank and the present Managing Director of the Bank’s life insurance
subsidiary.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, headed by a former Supreme
Court Judge, taken action against the former MD and CEO, Ms. Chanda Kochhar. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries
in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject
to legal and regulatory sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and
reputation.”

Second, the Bank, in its previous annual
report for year ended March 31, 2018, had reported on the various steps and measures taken pursuant to it becoming aware in March
2018 of an anonymous whistleblower complaint alleging incorrect asset classifications stemming from claimed irregular transactions
in borrower accounts, incorrect accounting of interest income and non-performing asset recoveries as fees, and overvaluation of
collateral securing corporate loans. Since then, the Bank has received some additional information relating to these matters. As
previously reported, the Bank, at the direction of the Audit Committee and with the assistance of external counsel, is continuing
to investigate all of the allegations, including the additional information. The Bank has an established process whereby all whistleblower
complaints and matters escalated to senior management are investigated for appropriate action, including an assessment of the impact
on financial statements, if any.

In addition, as a large and internationally
active bank, with operations and listing of its equity and debt instruments in multiple jurisdictions, the Bank is regularly engaged
with regulators, including the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), on a range of matters, including
regarding the above allegations. Even before these allegations, the Bank has been responding to requests for information from the
SEC investigatory staff regarding an enquiry relating to the timing and amount of the Bank’s loan impairment provisions taken
under U.S. GAAP. The Bank evaluates loans for impairment under U.S. GAAP for the purpose of preparing the annual footnote reconciling
the Bank’s Indian GAAP financial statements to U.S. GAAP. The Bank has voluntarily complied with all requests of the SEC
investigatory staff for information and continues to cooperate with the SEC on the matter.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—We are investigating certain allegations that the Bank incorrectly classified certain assets due
to claimed irregular transactions in borrower accounts, incorrectly accounted for interest income and recoveries from non-performing
assets as fees, and improperly valued loan collateral
”.

In July 2018, our asset management subsidiary
received a letter from Securities and Exchange Board of India advising that it would be required to pay, together with interest
at 15% per annum, to five schemes of ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, in connection with shares allotted to these schemes in the initial
public offering of ICICI Securities Limited in March 2018. In addition, our asset management subsidiary would be required to compensate
the investors in these schemes, who have redeemed their units, for losses incurred since the March 2018 allotment, plus interest
at 15% per annum. In accordance with the advice and with due approval, the relevant shares were sold in the secondary market and
the difference of the sale proceeds of these shares and the allotment amount of such shares in the ICICI Securities Limited’s
initial public offering as well as interest at 15% per annum were paid to the five schemes and the investors in these schemes were
also compensated, who had redeemed their units since the March 2018 allotment amounting to Rs. 1.1 billion. Further, in the same
matter, an adjudication proceeding has been initiated by the Securities and Exchange

125

Board of India. Pursuant to the above, our asset management
company subsidiary had applied for settlement of proceedings with Securities and Exchange Board of India and paid settlement charges
of Rs. 0.9 billion to Securities and Exchange Board of India. The Securities and Exchange Board of India through its order dated
November 29, 2018, disposed-off the said pending proceedings.

We cannot predict the timing or form of
any future regulatory or law enforcement initiatives, which we note are increasingly common for international banks, but we would
expect to co-operate with any such regulatory investigation or proceeding.

American Depository Receipt Fees and Payments

Fees and Charges Payable by Holders of our
ADSs

The fees and charges payable by holders
of our ADSs include the following:

i)   a fee not in excess of US$ 0.05 per ADS is charged for each issuance of ADSs including issuances resulting from distributions
of shares, share dividends, share splits, bonuses and rights distributions;

ii)   a fee not in excess of US$ 0.05 per ADS is charged for each surrender of ADSs in exchange for the underlying deposited securities;

iii)   a fee for the distribution of the deposited securities pursuant to the deposit agreement, such fee being an amount equal to
the fee for the execution and delivery of ADSs referred to in item (i) above which would have been charged as a result of the deposit
of such securities, but which securities were instead distributed by the depositary, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, to ADR
holders.

Additionally, under the terms of our deposit
agreement, the depositary is entitled to charge each registered holder the following:

i)   taxes and other governmental charges incurred by the depositary or the custodian on any ADS or an equity share underlying an
ADS including any applicable penalties thereon;

ii)   transfer or registration fees for the registration or transfer of deposited securities on any applicable register in connection
with the deposit or withdrawal of deposited securities, including those of a central depository for securities (where applicable);

iii)   any cable, telex, facsimile transmission and delivery expenses incurred by the depositary; and

iv)   customary expenses incurred by the depositary in the conversion of foreign currency, including, without limitation, expenses
incurred on behalf of registered holders in connection with compliance with foreign exchange control restrictions and other applicable
regulatory requirements, together with all expenses, transfer and registration fees, taxes, duties, governmental or other charges
payable by the Depositary.

In the case of cash distributions, fees,
if applicable, are generally deducted from the cash being distributed. Other fees may be collected from holders of ADSs in a manner
determined by the depositary with respect to ADSs registered in the name of investors (whether certificated or in book-entry form)
and ADSs held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via DTC). In the case of distributions other than cash (i.e., stock dividends,
etc.), the depositary charges the applicable ADS record date holder concurrently with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered
in the name of the investor (whether certificated or in book-entry form), the depositary sends invoices to the applicable record
date ADS holders.

If any tax or other governmental charge
is payable by the holders and/or beneficial owners of ADSs to the depositary, the depositary, the custodian or the Bank may withhold
or deduct from any distributions made in respect of deposited securities and may sell for the account of the holder and/or beneficial
owner any or all of the deposited securities and apply such distributions and sale proceeds in payment of such taxes (including
applicable interest and penalties) or charges, with the holder and the beneficial owner thereof remaining fully liable for any
deficiency.

Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary

In fiscal 2018, we agreed to an amendment
to an agreement previously entered into with the Depositary, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas in fiscal 2012. Under this amended
agreement, the Depositary pays certain amounts to us and waives fees and expenses for services provided in exchange for the Deutsche
Bank Trust Company Americas acting as the Depositary for the ADR program. We may use these payments to cover annual expenses incurred
by the Bank towards investor relations or other expenses directly related to the ongoing maintenance of the ADR program.

126

The amount of payment to us is generally tied to the amount
of fees the depository collects from ADR holders, with certain exceptions. Under certain circumstances, including the removal of
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as Depositary or termination of the ADR program, we are required to repay to Deutsche Bank
Trust Company Americas an amount equal to the payments made to us in prior periods to the extent that such payments have not been
recovered from the issuance and dividend fees collected by the Depositary in prior periods. During fiscal 2019, we received approximately
US$ 325,000 relating to the ADR program.

127

Selected
Consolidated Financial and Operating Data

The following discussion and tables are
based on our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP (accounting
standards applicable to companies which have not migrated to Ind AS). For a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’
equity to U.S. GAAP, a description of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and certain additional information
required under U.S. GAAP, see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. For selected
financial data in accordance with U.S. GAAP, see “Selected U.S. GAAP Financial Data”.

Certain re-classifications have been made
in the financial statements for prior years to conform to classifications used in the current year. These changes have no impact
on previously reported results of operations or stockholders’ equity. The accounting and reporting policies used in the preparation
of our financial statements reflect general industry practices and conform with Indian GAAP, including the Accounting Standards
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority of India and the National Housing Bank as applicable to ICICI Bank and specific subsidiaries and joint
ventures.

Banks in India currently prepare their
financial statements as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the Accounting Standards notified under section
133 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Indian GAAP. In February 2015, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, which is the law making authority
for adoption of accounting standards in India, issued a roadmap for transitioning to new Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) by
Indian companies in a phased manner starting from April 1, 2016. For banking companies, insurance companies and non-banking finance
companies, the implementation of Ind AS was to begin from April 1, 2018. In April 2018, the implementation of Ind AS for banking
companies was deferred by one year. Further, in March 2019, the implementation of Ind AS for banking companies was deferred till
further notice, as the recommended legislative amendments were under consideration of the Government of India. In June 2017, implementation
of Ind AS for insurance companies was deferred for a period of two years with applicability for accounting periods beginning from
April 1, 2020.

From April 1, 2018, certain non-banking
finance subsidiaries of the Bank, namely ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company Limited and ICICI Home Finance Limited have adopted Ind AS. However, in the preparation of consolidated
financial statements of the Bank, financial statements as per Indian GAAP of these entities have been considered, as the Bank continues
to prepare its financial statements as per Indian GAAP. All the numbers reported/considered in this document for these subsidiaries
are based on Indian GAAP.

The consolidated financial statements
for fiscal 2015 through fiscal 2018 were audited by B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, and for fiscal 2019 by Walker
Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants, under auditing standards issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
India. The consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2015 through 2019 have also been audited by KPMG, an independent
registered public accounting firm in India, in accordance with the auditing standards of the United States Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board. Our published Indian GAAP consolidated financial statements and disclosures relating to U.S. GAAP
net income reconciliation and stockholders’ equity reconciliation as required by U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission and applicable GAAP, audited by KPMG, are set forth at the end of this annual report.

Our annual report, prepared and distributed
to our shareholders under Indian law and regulations, includes consolidated as well as unconsolidated Indian GAAP financial statements
and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition based on unconsolidated Indian GAAP financial statements.

You should read the following data with
the more detailed information contained in “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” and our consolidated financial
statements. Historical results do not necessarily predict our results in the future.

Operating Results Data

128

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, our operating results data.

Year ended March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2019 (1)
(in millions, except per common share data)
Selected income statement data:
Interest income (2)   Rs.   549,640   Rs.   592,937   Rs.   609,399   Rs.   621,623   Rs.   719,816   US$   10,408
Interest expense   (323,182   )   (339,965   )   (348,358   )   (342,620   )   (391,775   )   (5,665   )
Net interest income   226,458   252,972   261,041   279,003   328,041   4,743
Non-interest income   352,523   321,021   524,577   568,068   593,249   8,578
Net total income   578,981   673,993   785,618   847,071   921,290   13,321
Non-interest expenses
Payments to and provisions for employees   (65,683   )   (69,123   )   (78,933   )   (83,335   )   (94,253   )   (1,363   )
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   (191,640   )   (232,710   )   (276,982   )   (336,374   )   (391,686   )   (5,663   )
Other operating expenses (3)   (92,905   )   (106,062   )   (125,785   )   (137,847   )   (156,650   )   (2,265   )
Total non-interest expenses   (350,228   )   (407,895   )   (481,700   )   (557,556   )   (642,589   )   (9,291   )
Operating profit before provisions   228,754   266,098   303,918   289,514   278,701   4,030
Provisions and contingencies   (45,363   )   (123,054   )   (165,825   )   (179,730   )   (204,618   )   (2,959   )
Profit before tax   183,390   143,044   138,093   109,785   74,083   1,071
Provision for tax   (53,967   )   (33,775   )   (24,690   )   (18,789   )   (17,191   )   (249   )
Profit after tax   129,423   109,269   113,403   90,996   56,892   823
Minority interest   (6,954   )   (7,469   )   (11,519   )   (13,874   )   (14,349   )   (207   )
Net profit   Rs.   122,469   Rs.   101,800   Rs.   101,884   Rs.   77,122   42,543   US$   615
Per common share:
Earnings-basic (4) (8)   Rs.   19.24   Rs.   15.94   Rs.   15.92   Rs.   12.02   Rs.   6.61   US$   0.10
Earnings-diluted (5) (8)   19.04   15.83   15.84   11.89   6.53   0.09
Dividend (6)   5.00   5.00   2.50   1.50   1.00   0.01
Book value (6) (7) (8)   130.10   139.18   154.37   159.77   160.10   2.31
Equity shares outstanding at the end of the period (in millions of equity shares)   6,377   6,396   6,407   6,428   6,446
Weighted average equity shares outstanding – Basic (in millions of equity shares)   6,364   6,388   6,401   6,417   6,436
Weighted average equity shares outstanding – diluted (in millions of equity shares) (8)   6,426   6,424   6,427   6,482   6,509

(1)   Rupee amounts for fiscal 2019 have been translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate of Rs. 69.16 = US$ 1.00 as set
forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board at year-end fiscal 2019.

(2)   Interest income includes interest on rupee and foreign currency loans and advances (including bills) and hire purchase receivables.
Interest income also includes interest on income tax refunds of Rs. 2.8 billion, Rs. 3.3 billion, Rs. 4.5 billion, Rs. 2.8 billion
and Rs. 4.9 billion for fiscal 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 respectively.

(3)   Includes depreciation on fixed assets and other general office expenses.

(4)   Earnings per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares and represents net profit/(loss) per share before
dilutive impact.

(5)   Earnings per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares and represents net profit/(loss) per share adjusted
for full dilution. Options to purchase 58,973,970, 105,867,630, 136,021,078, 98,589,014 and 68,001,501 equity shares granted to
employees at a weighted average exercise price of Rs. 226.0, Rs. 250.9, Rs. 244.4, Rs. 246.1 and Rs. 265.9 were outstanding at
year-end fiscal 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per
share as these options were anti-dilutive.

(6)   In India, dividends for a fiscal year are normally declared and paid in the following year. We declared a dividend of Rs. 5.00
per equity share for fiscal 2015, which was paid in fiscal 2016. We declared a dividend of Rs. 5.00 per equity share for fiscal
2016, which was paid in fiscal 2017. We declared a dividend of Rs. 2.50 per equity share for fiscal 2017, which was paid in fiscal
2018. We declared a dividend of Rs. 1.50 per equity share for fiscal 2018, which was paid in fiscal 2019. The dividend per equity
share is based on the total amount of dividends declared for the year, exclusive of dividend distribution tax. We declared a dividend
of Rs. 1.00 per equity share for fiscal 2019, which will be paid in fiscal 2020 subject to the approval of shareholders in the
forthcoming annual general meeting. Pursuant to amendment in Accounting Standard, AS 4 - ‘Contingencies and events occurring
after balance sheet date’, the Bank has not accounted for this dividend in the financial statements for fiscal 2019.

(7)   Represents equity share capital, employees’ stock options outstanding and reserves and surplus reduced by deferred tax
asset and goodwill.

(8)   The Bank issued 582,984,544 equity shares as bonus shares
in June 2017. The number of shares have been restated and related ratios re-computed for all the previous periods presented.

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, selected income statement data expressed as a percentage of average total assets for the respective period.
The average balances are the sum of daily average balances

129

outstanding except for the average balances
of overseas branches of ICICI Bank which are calculated on fortnightly basis for period until September 2014. From October 2014,
average balances of the foreign branches are also averages of daily balances.

Year ended March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
Selected income statement data:
Interest income   7.16   %   7.00   %   6.52   %   6.18   %   6.46   %
Interest expense   (4.21   )   (4.01   )   (3.73   )   (3.41   )   (3.52   )
Net interest income   2.95   2.99   2.79   2.77   2.94
Non-interest income   4.59   4.97   5.62   5.65   5.33
Total income   7.54   7.95   8.41   8.42   8.27
Payments to and provisions for employees   (0.86   )   (0.82   )   (0.85   )   (0.83   )   (0.85   )
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   (2.50   )   (2.75   )   (2.97   )   (3.34   )   (3.52   )
Other operating expenses   (1.21   )   (1.25   )   (1.35   )   (1.37   )   (1.41   )
Non-interest expenses   (4.56   )   (4.81   )   (5.16   )   (5.54   )   (5.77   )
Operating profit before provisions   2.98   3.14   3.25   2.88   2.50
Provisions and contingencies   (0.59   )   (1.45   )   (1.78   )   (1.79   )   (1.84   )
Profit before tax   2.39   1.69   1.48   1.09   0.67
Provision for tax   (0.70   )   (0.40   )   (0.26   )   (0.19   )   (0.15   )
Profit after tax   1.69   1.29   1.21   0.91   0.51
Minority interest   (0.09   )   (0.09   )   (0.12   )   (0.14   )   (0.13   )
Net profit   1.60   %   1.20   %   1.09   %   0.77   %   0.38   %

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, our selected financial data.

At or for the year ended March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2019 (1)
(in millions, except percentages)
Selected balance sheet data:
Total assets   Rs.   8,257,953   Rs.   9,175,270   Rs.   9,857,247   Rs.   11,242,810   Rs.   12,387,939   US$   179,120
Investments   2,743,108   2,860,441   3,043,733   3,722,077   3,982,008   57,577
Advances, net   4,384,901   4,937,291   5,153,173   5,668,542   6,469,617   93,546
Non-performing customer assets (gross)   173,870   293,216   458,861   575,261   491,845   7,112
Total liabilities (4)   7,410,907   8,234,163   8,810,927   10,136,513   11,245,404   162,600
Deposits   3,859,552   4,510,774   5,125,873   5,857,961   6,813,169   98,513
Borrowings   2,112,520   2,203,777   1,882,868   2,294,018   2,103,241   30,411
Equity share capital   11,597   11,632   11,651   12,858   12,895   186
Reserves and surplus (2)   835,449   929,475   1,034,669   1,093,439   1,129,640   16,334
Period average (3) :
Total assets   7,675,783   8,474,703   9,339,862   10,061,763   11,139,970   161,075
Interest-earning assets   6,449,193   7,246,635   7,911,740   8,443,631   9,340,049   135,050
Advances, net   4,049,280   4,672,596   4,996,376   5,275,359   5,930,847   85,755
Total liabilities (4)   6,846,972   7,554,950   8,337,139   8,969,649   10,006,765   144,690
Interest-bearing liabilities   5,445,789   6,094,406   6,630,273   7,063,215   7,876,708   113,891
Deposits   3,539,500   3,940,495   4,498,174   5,038,306   5,725,449   82,786
Borrowings   1,906,290   2,153,911   2,132,099   2,024,909   2,151,259   31,106
Stockholders’ equity   828,810   919,753   1,002,723   1,092,114   1,133,205   16,385
Profitability:
Net profit as a percentage of:
Average total assets   1.60   %   1.20   %   1.09   %   0.77   %   0.38   %
Average stockholders’ equity   14.78   11.07   10.16   7.06   3.75
Average stockholders’ equity (including preference share capital)   14.71   11.03   10.13   7.04   3.75
Dividend payout ratio (5)   23.67   28.56   14.31   12.50   15.13
Spread (6)   2.63   2.64   2.48   2.54   2.76
Net interest margin (7)   3.55   3.52   3.33   3.33   3.54
Cost-to-income ratio (8)   60.49   60.52   61.31   65.82   69.75
Cost-to-average assets ratio (9)   4.56   4.81   5.16   5.54   5.77
Capital (10) :

130

At or for the year ended March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2019 (1)
(in millions, except percentages)
Average stockholders’ equity as a percentage of average total assets   10.80   %   10.85   %   10.74   %   10.85   %   10.17   %   -
Asset quality:
Net restructured assets as a percentage of net customer assets   2.41   %   1.64   %   0.84   %   0.28   %   0.05   %
Net non-performing assets as a percentage of net customer assets (11)   1.54   %   2.66   %   4.73   %   4.59   %   2.00   %
Provision on restructured assets as a percentage of gross restructured assets   7.23   %   7.68   %   5.92   %   3.38   %   7.46   %
Provision on non-performing assets as a percentage of gross non-performing assets   55.59   %   49.60   %   41.09   %   48.97   %   70.86   %
Provision as a percentage of gross customer assets (12)   2.89   %   3.36   %   3.86   %   4.73   %   5.09   %

(1)   Rupee amounts at year-end fiscal 2019 have been translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate of Rs. 69.16 = US$ 1.00
as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board at year-end fiscal 2019.

(2)   Includes balance in employee stock options outstanding which will be transferred to “Equity share capital” or “Reserves
and surplus” on exercise/lapse of options.

(3)   The average balances are the sum of daily average balances outstanding except for the average balances of overseas branches
of ICICI Bank which are calculated on fortnightly basis for period till September 2014. From October 2014, average balances of
the foreign branches are also averages of daily balances.

(4)   Includes preference share capital and minority interest, but does not include stockholders’ equity.

(5)   Represents the ratio of total dividends paid on equity share capital, exclusive of dividend tax, as a percentage of net profit.

(6)   Represents the difference between yield on average interest-earning assets and cost of average interest-bearing liabilities.
Yield on average interest-earning assets is the ratio of interest income to average interest-earning assets. Cost of average interest-bearing
liabilities is the ratio of interest expense to average interest-bearing liabilities.

(7)   Represents the ratio of net interest income to average interest-earning assets. The difference in net interest margin and spread
arises due to the difference in the amount of average interest-earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities. If average
interest-earning assets exceed average interest-bearing liabilities, net interest margin is greater than spread, and if average
interest-bearing liabilities exceed average interest-earning assets, net interest margin is less than spread.

(8)   Represents the ratio of non-interest expenses to total income. Total income represents the sum of net interest income and non-interest
income.

(9)   Represents the ratio of non-interest expenses to average total assets.

(10)   The capital adequacy ratios of ICICI Bank on an unconsolidated basis in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines
on Basel III, at year-end fiscal 2019 were: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 13.6%; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio
of 15.1%; and total risk-based capital ratio of 16.9%. Our capital adequacy ratios on a consolidated basis in accordance with the
Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on Basel III, at year-end fiscal 2019 were: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio
of 13.4%; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 14.7%; and total risk-based capital ratio of 16.5%.

(11)   Includes loans identified as non-performing/impaired in line with the guidelines issued by regulators of the respective subsidiary.

(12)   Includes general provision on standard assets.

(13)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period classification.

131

Selected U.S. GAAP Financial Data

The following table sets forth, certain
selected financial data under generally accepted accounting principles adopted in the United States.

At or for the year ended March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2019 (1)
(in millions other than per equity share))
Total income (2)   Rs.   319,924   Rs.   371,339   Rs.   436,639   Rs.   576,138   Rs.   560,171   8,100
Net income/(loss) attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   116,913   73,037   62,399   178,680   94,950   1,373
Total assets   7,127,753   7,855,336   8,243,392   9,851,035   10,860,773   157,038
ICICI Bank stockholders’ equity   938,253   981,675   1,034,759   1,212,771   1,315,305   19,018
Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss)   46,436   44,486   63,305   42,464   46,546   673
Per equity share
Basic earnings per share (3)   18.36   11.43   9.75   27.84   14.75   0.21
Diluted earnings per share (4)   18.21   11.36   9.70   27.65   14.61   0.21
Dividend (5)   4.60   5.00   5.00   2.50   1.50   0.02

(1)   Rupee amounts at year-end fiscal 2019 have been translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate of Rs. 69.16 = US$ 1.00
as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board at year-end fiscal 2019.

(2)   Represents net interest income plus non-interest income.

(3)   Represents basic earnings per share before dilutive impact.

(4)   Represents diluted earnings per share. Options to purchase 58,973,970, 105,867,630, 136,021,078, 98,589,014 and 68,001,501
equity shares granted to employees at a weighted average exercise price of Rs. 226.0, Rs. 250.9, Rs. 244.4, Rs. 246.1 and 265.9
were outstanding at year-end fiscal 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted
earnings per share as these options were anti-dilutive.

(5)   In India, dividends for a fiscal year are normally declared and paid in the following year. We declared a dividend of Rs. 5.00
per equity share for fiscal 2015, which was paid in fiscal 2016. We declared a dividend of Rs. 5.00 per equity share for fiscal
2016, which was paid in fiscal 2017. We declared a dividend of Rs. 2.50 per equity share for fiscal 2017, which was paid in fiscal
2018. We declared a dividend of Rs. 1.50 per equity share for fiscal 2018, which was paid in fiscal 2019. We declared a dividend
of Rs. 1.00 per equity share for fiscal 2019, which will be paid in fiscal 2020 subject to stockholders' approval. Pursuant to
amendment in Accounting Standard, AS 4 - 'Contingencies and events occuring after balance sheetdate', the Bank has not accounted
this dividend in the financial statements for fiscal 2019.

(6)   Previous year figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period classification.

132

Operating
and Financial Review and Prospects

You should read the following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements.
The following discussion is based on our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes prepared in accordance
with Indian GAAP, which varies in certain significant respects from U.S. GAAP. For a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’
equity to U.S. GAAP, a description of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and certain additional U.S. GAAP
information, see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements included herein.

Executive Summary

Introduction

We are a diversified financial services
group offering a wide range of banking and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery channels.
Apart from banking products and services, we offer life and general insurance, asset management, securities broking and private
equity products and services through specialized subsidiaries. Our total assets at year-end fiscal 2019 were Rs. 12,387.9 billion.
Our consolidated capital and reserves at year-end fiscal 2019 were Rs. 1,142.5 billion and our consolidated net profit for fiscal
2019 was Rs. 42.5 billion.

Our primary business consists of commercial
banking operations for retail and corporate customers. Our commercial banking operations for retail customers consist of retail
lending, deposit taking, distribution of insurance and investment products and other fee-based products and services for retail
customers. We deliver our products and services through a variety of channels, including bank branches, ATMs, call centers, internet
and mobile phones. We had a network of 4,874 branches and 14,987 ATMs in India at year-end fiscal 2019. We provide a range of commercial
banking products and services, including loan products, fee and commission-based products and services, deposit products and foreign
exchange and derivatives products to India’s leading corporations, middle market companies and small and medium enterprises.
We also offer agricultural and rural banking products. We earn interest and fee income from our commercial banking operations.

In our international banking operations,
our primary focus is on offering products and services to persons of Indian origin, Indian businesses, select local businesses
and multi-national corporations, with a focus on trade finance and commercial banking products; mortgage products in our Canada
subsidiary; and deposit and remittance products to the larger community. ICICI Bank’s overseas branches take deposits, raise
borrowings and make loans to Indian companies for their overseas operations as well as for their foreign currency requirements
in India, global multi-national corporations and to local corporations. They also engage in advisory and syndication activities
for fund-raising by Indian companies and their overseas operations. We currently have banking subsidiaries in the United Kingdom
and Canada, branches in China, Singapore, Dubai International Finance Centre, Sri Lanka, Hong Kong, the United States, South Africa
and Bahrain and representative offices in the United Arab Emirates, Bangladesh, Malaysia and Indonesia. Our subsidiary in the United
Kingdom has a branch in Germany.

Our treasury operations include the maintenance
and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign exchange and derivatives
products and services for corporate customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps. We take advantage
of movements in markets to earn treasury income. Our overseas branches and subsidiaries also have investments in bonds of non-India
financial institutions and in asset-backed securities.

We are also engaged in insurance, asset
management, securities business and private equity fund management through specialized subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company provide a wide range
of life and general insurance and asset management products and services to retail and corporate customers. ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company was one of the large private sector life insurance companies in India during fiscal 2019, with a market share
of 10.3% based on new business written (on a retail weighted received premium basis) according to the Life Insurance Council. During
fiscal 2017, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company was listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited,
following the sale of 12.63% out of the shares held by ICICI Bank through an offer for sale in an initial public offering. ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company was the largest private sector general insurance company in India during fiscal 2019, with a
market share of 8.5% on a gross direct premium income basis according to the General Insurance Council of India. In September 2017,
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company was listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited following the
sale of shares (including sale of 7.0% shareholding in the company by ICICI Bank) through an initial public offering. ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company manages the ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, which was the second largest mutual fund in India in terms of
average funds under management for the three months ended March 31,

133

2019 according to Association of Mutual Funds
in India. We cross-sell the products of our insurance and asset management subsidiaries and other asset management companies to
our retail and corporate customers. Our subsidiaries ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited are
engaged in equity underwriting and brokerage and primary dealership in government securities respectively. ICICI Securities owns
icicidirect.com, a leading online brokerage platform. ICICI Securities Limited has a subsidiary in the United States, ICICI Securities
Holdings Inc., which in turn has an operating subsidiary in the United States, ICICI Securities Inc., engaged in brokerage services.
In March 2018, we sold 20.78% shareholding in ICICI Securities Limited in an initial public offer. ICICI Securities Limited was
listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited in April 2018. Our private equity fund management subsidiary
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company manages funds that make private equity investments.

Business environment

Our loan portfolio, financial condition
and results of operations have been and, in the future, are expected to be influenced by economic conditions in India, global economic
developments affecting the business activities of our corporate customers, such as changes in commodity prices, conditions in global
financial markets, economic conditions in the United States and in foreign countries where we have a significant presence or which
impact the Indian economy and global markets, and evolving global and domestic regulations. For ease of understanding the following
discussion of our results of operations, you should consider these macroeconomic factors and other key developments.

Trends in fiscal 2019

The global economy
grew by 3.6% during calendar year 2018 compared to 3.9% in calendar year 2017. The advanced economies grew by 2.2% led by the United
States and the emerging and developing economies expanded by 4.5% in calendar year 2018. Key developments that impacted the global
economic environment during the year included the trade dispute between the United States (U.S.) and China, the U.S. Federal Reserve
indicating slower future interest rate hikes, uncertainties regarding the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, slowdown
in economic growth in China and the rise in global crude oil prices.

India’s gross domestic product grew
by 6.8% in fiscal 2019 compared to 7.2% during fiscal 2018. As per industry-wise growth estimates on gross value added basis, the
agriculture sector grew by 2.9%, the industrial sector by 6.9% and the services sector by 7.5% in fiscal 2019 compared to a growth
of 5.0% in agriculture, 5.9% in industry and 8.1% growth in the services sector in fiscal 2018.

Inflation as measured by the Consumer Price
Index increased in the initial part of fiscal 2019 from 4.3% in March 2018 to 6.4% in June 2018 and subsequently declined to 2.9%
in March 2019. Core inflation (inflation excluding food and fuel) increased from 5.4% in March 2018 to 6.4% in June 2018 and eased
to 5.0% in March 2019. The average inflation as measured by the Wholesale Price Index increased to 4.3% during fiscal 2019 compared
to 3.0% in fiscal 2018. During fiscal 2019, the Reserve Bank of India increased the repo rate by 25 basis points each in June 2018
and August 2018, from 6.0% to 6.5%, and subsequently reduced the repo rate by 25 basis points in February 2019 to 6.25%. The policy
stance was changed from “neutral” to “calibrated tightening” in October 2018 and again changed to “neutral”
in February 2019. During the three months ended June 30, 2019, the Reserve Bank of India reduced the repo rate twice by 25 basis
points each and changed the policy stance to “accommodative”.

Merchandise exports grew by 9.1% year-on-year
while merchandise imports grew by 10.4% during fiscal 2019. The growth in imports largely reflected the impact of increase in global
oil prices during the year. The trade deficit increased to U.S. $ 180.3 billion in fiscal 2019 compared to a trade deficit of U.S.
$ 160.0 billion in fiscal 2018. India’s current account deficit increased from US$ 48.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to U.S. $
57.3 billion in fiscal 2019. As a proportion of India’s gross domestic product, the current account deficit increased from
1.9% in fiscal 2018 to 2.2% in fiscal 2019. Foreign direct investment inflows into India increased to U.S. $ 43.3 billion during
fiscal 2019 compared to U.S. $ 39.4 billion during fiscal 2018. There was a net outflow of U.S. $ 2.2 billion of foreign portfolio
investments during fiscal 2019, with a net inflow of U.S. $ 1.5 billion in equity markets and a net outflow of U.S. $ 3.7 billion
in debt markets.

The equity market benchmark, the S&P
BSE Sensex increased by 17.3% during fiscal 2019 to close at 38,673 at end-March 2019. The Rupee depreciated from Rs. 65.11 per
U.S. dollar at end-March 2018 to Rs. 74.33 per U.S. dollar on October 9, 2018 and subsequently appreciated to Rs. 69.16 per U.S.
dollar at end-March 2019. Since Indian banks are subject to reserve requirements, with a large part of the reserves held in government
securities, movement in government bond yields have an impact on the treasury portfolio. During fiscal 2019, yields on government
securities were volatile particularly in view of tight liquidity conditions between September-December 2018. This resulted in significant
losses in the treasury book for most Indian banks during the three months ended December 31, 2018. Yields

134

on the 10-year benchmark government bonds
increased from 7.4% at end-March 2018 to over 8.0% in September 2018, and subsequently declined to 7.4% at end-March 2019.

The first year retail premium underwritten
in the life insurance sector (on weighted received premium basis) grew by 9.0% to Rs. 691.8 billion during fiscal 2019 compared
to Rs. 634.7 billion during fiscal 2018. Gross premium of the non-life insurance sector (excluding specialized insurance institutions)
grew by 14.1% to Rs. 1,615.4 billion compared to Rs. 1,415.1 billion during fiscal 2018. The average assets under management of
mutual funds increased by 6.1% from Rs. 23.1 trillion for the three months ended March 31, 2018 to Rs. 24.5 trillion for the three
months ended March 31, 2019.

In the banking sector, non-food credit
grew by 13.3% year-on-year at end-March 2019 while deposits grew by 10.0% year-on-year resulting in the credit-to-deposit ratio
increasing from 75.5% at March 31, 2018 to 77.7% at end-March 2019. In terms of sector-wise deployment of credit, growth in credit
to the services sector was 17.8%, to industry was 6.9% and to agriculture was 7.9%, while retail loans of the banking sector grew
by 16.4% as on March 29, 2019. During the year, challenges emerged for non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies
following a default by a large non-banking financial company involved primarily in the infrastructure sector. This resulted in
tightening liquidity conditions and increase in yields on their debt, leading to funding and growth challenges for non-banking
financial companies and housing finance companies. As access to bond markets for these companies was constrained, bank lending
to these companies increased, reflecting in the growth in bank credit to the services sector. Further, challenges emerged in certain
sectors and borrower groups, such as real estate developers and borrower groups that had borrowed against their shareholding in
listed group companies, and faced refinancing challenges.

Additions to non-performing assets moderated
during fiscal 2019. As per the Reserve Bank of India’s Financial Stability Report of June 2019, the gross non-performing
asset ratio for Indian banks declined from a peak of 11.5% at March 31, 2018 to 9.3% at March 31, 2019. Provisions made by banks
continued to be elevated, as banks continued to make additional provisions on their existing portfolios of non-performing loans.
The process of resolution of large stressed accounts continued during fiscal 2019. In fiscal 2018, the Reserve Bank of India had
identified specific accounts and required banks to either commence proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code or finalize
resolution plans within specified timelines. Of the accounts referred under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code with the National
Company Law Tribunal, five large accounts were resolved during the year. Given that the process of resolution of accounts referred
under the Code is still evolving, with period amendments beings incorporated into the framework as well as litigation and judicial
decisions impacting the framework, there is uncertainty regarding the impact of resolution of these borrowers and whether such
resolution will be achieved.

In a step towards initiating consolidation
in the banking sector, the Government of India announced the merger of three public sector banks in fiscal 2019. The merger was
effective from April 1, 2019. The key regulatory developments during the year were as follows:

·   In March 2019, the Reserve Bank of India deferred the implementation of Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) till further notice
as the legislative amendments recommended by it were still under the consideration of the Government of India.

·   The Reserve Bank of India deferred the implementation of the last tranche of 0.625% of Capital Conservation Buffer from March
31, 2019 to March 31, 2020. Accordingly, the minimum capital conservation ratios as earlier applicable from March 31, 2018 would
now apply from March 31, 2019 till the capital conservation buffer attains the level of 2.5% of risk weighted assets as on March
31, 2020. The pre-specified trigger for loss absorption through conversion/write-down of Additional Tier 1 instruments shall remain
at 5.5% of risk weighted assets and would increase to 6.125% of risk weighted assets on March 31, 2020.

·   In September 2018, the Reserve Bank of India permitted banks to reckon statutory liquidity ratio investments equivalent to
an additional 2.0% of their net demand and time liabilities, under the Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio
as level one high quality liquid assets for the purpose of computing the liquidity coverage ratio. This was applicable from October
1, 2018 resulting in statutory liquidity ratio investments equivalent to a total of 15.0% of net demand and time liabilities being
recognized as level one high quality liquid assets. In April 2019, this was further increased by 2.0% of net demand and time liabilities
in a phased manner.

·   With a view to align the Statutory Liquidity Ratio requirement with the Liquidity Coverage Ratio requirement, the Reserve Bank
of India decided to reduce the statutory liquidity ratio by 25 basis points every quarter until it reaches 18.0% of net demand
and time liabilities. The first reduction of 25 basis points from 19.50% to 19.25% was effective from January 1, 2019.

135

·   With a view to facilitate meaningful restructuring of micro, small and medium enterprises’ accounts that are stressed,
the Reserve Bank of India permitted a one-time restructuring of existing loans to micro, small and medium enterprises that are
in default but ‘standard’ as on January 1, 2019, without an asset classification downgrade. To be eligible for the
scheme, the aggregate exposure, including non-fund based facilities of banks and non-banking financial companies, to a borrower
should not exceed Rs. 250.0 million as on January 1, 2019. The restructuring will have to be implemented by March 31, 2020. A provision
of 5.0%, in addition to the provisions already held, shall be made in respect of accounts restructured under this scheme.

·   With a view to facilitate flow of credit to well-rated non-banking financial companies, in February 2019 the Reserve Bank of
India revised the risk weights on exposures to non-deposit taking systemically important non-banking financial companies. From
a uniform risk weight of 100%, the Reserve Bank of India allowed rated exposures of banks to these non-banking financial companies
to be risk-weighted as per the rating assigned by the accredited rating agencies, in a manner similar to that for corporate borrowers.
Exposures to core investment companies continue to be risk-weighted at 100%.

·   In December 2018, the Reserve Bank of India proposed the linking of new floating rate retail loans and floating rate loans
to micro and small enterprises to an external benchmark. The external benchmarks proposed for linking included the Reserve Bank
of India policy repo rate, the Government of India 91 days treasury bill yield, the Government of India 182 days treasury bill
yield or any other benchmark market interest rate produced by the Financial Benchmarks India Private Limited. While this was expected
to be applicable from April 1, 2019, further discussions are being held with stakeholders and final guidelines in this regard are
awaited.

·   In February 2019, the Reserve Bank of India revised the definition of bulk deposits (i.e. deposits where banks have the discretion
to offer a differential rate of interest) from a single deposit of Rs. 10.0 million and above to a single deposit of Rs. 20.0 million
and above. Banks are henceforth required to maintain their bulk deposit interest rate cards in the core banking system for supervisory
review.

·   In April 2019, the Supreme Court declared the Reserve Bank of India circular on revised framework for resolution of stressed
assets dated February 12, 2018 as unconstitutional. In June 2019, the Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines, the Prudential
Framework for Resolution of Stressed Assets by Banks, which allow lenders to decide on referring an account for resolution under
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code as against the earlier requirement of referring in the event a resolution plan is not implemented
within stipulated timelines. It also requires banks to make higher provisioning in case the resolution plan is not implemented
within stipulated timelines. The additional provisions are not required to be made if insolvency proceedings are initiated within
210 days of default. See “Supervision and Regulation- Loan Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets”.

·   In November 2018, the Securities and Exchange Board of India released a framework that requires a company rated AA and above
and with an outstanding long term borrowing of Rs. 1.0 billion and above at March 31 in any given year, to necessarily raise 25.0%
of its incremental borrowings for the following year through the bond market. This is effective from April 1, 2019.

Business overview

While assessing our performance, we monitor
key financial variables such as the movement in core operating profit (that is profit before provisions and tax, excluding treasury
income), credit loss and return on equity. We also look at movement in yield on assets, cost of funds and net interest margin,
movement in fee income and cost ratios. We also monitor key business indicators such as deposit growth, funding mix, loan growth
and loan delinquency trends. We analyze changes in economic indicators such as interest rates, liquidity, exchange rates and the
performance of various sectors and sub-sectors of the economy. In addition to these indicators, we monitor other non-financial
indicators such as quality of customer service and the extent and nature of customer complaints, cyber threats and preparedness
to address them and estimates of market share in key areas of business.

India’s gross domestic product grew
by 6.8% in fiscal 2019 compared to 7.2% in fiscal 2018. The industrial sector grew by 6.9% in fiscal 2019 compared to 5.9% in fiscal
2018.
See also “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to India and other Economic and Market Risks—A prolonged slowdown
in economic growth or rise in interest rates in India could cause our business to suffer”.
 Credit to the industrial sector,
which had declined during fiscal 2018, grew by 6.6% at end-March 2019. During fiscal 2019, the additions to non-performing loans
in the banking sector, and for us, declined. The ratio of gross non-performing loans to total loans for the banking sector declined
from 11.5% at end-March 2018 to 9.3% at end-March 2019. Retail loans of the banking sector grew by 16.4% at-end March 2019, and
remained the key driver of credit growth.

136

The Indian corporate sector experienced
several challenges from fiscal 2012, which led to lower than projected cash flows for the corporates and the progress in reducing
leverage in the corporate sector remained slow. Further, the Reserve Bank of India initiated several measures from fiscal 2016
to accelerate recognition and increase provisioning towards stressed accounts in the corporate sector. As a result, there was a
significant increase in the level of additions to non-performing loans, including slippages from restructured loans into non-performing
status, for the banking sector, including us. In fiscal 2018, the Reserve Bank of India introduced a new framework for the resolution
of stressed assets and withdrew the existing schemes for resolution, resulting in accelerated classification of assets under the
resolution schemes of the Reserve Bank of India as non-performing during the year. In fiscal 2018, the Reserve Bank of India directed
banks to commence proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, enacted in 2016, in respect of certain corporate borrowers.
Under this Code, a resolution plan for these borrowers was required to be finalized within specified timeframes, failing which
the borrowers would go into liquidation. The Reserve Bank of India also specified higher provisions in respect of loans to these
borrowers.

The additions to non-performing assets
of the banking sector, including us, moderated during fiscal 2019. However, provisions made by banks, including us, continued to
be elevated, as banks continued to make additional provisions on their existing portfolios of non-performing loans. A few large
accounts were resolved under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code during fiscal 2019. However, there are delays in the resolution
of accounts referred under the Code and if resolutions of accounts are not achieved and the borrowers go into liquidation, the
market value of the collateral may decrease thus impacting the recovery of dues by lenders. In a recent judgment, the National
Company Law Appellate Tribunal has treated secured and unsecured financial creditors to a borrower referred under the Code similarly
with respect to the level of recovery, and has also held that there should be equal distribution of resolution proceeds between
operational and financial creditors under a resolution plan. The government has, however, proposed to amend the Code to mandate
completion of all processes, including litigation and judicial matters, within 330 days and also empower the Committee of Creditors,
which comprises of all financial creditors, to decide on the manner of distribution of resolution proceeds. Further, during fiscal
2019, challenges emerged for non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies, following a default by a large non-banking
financial company involved primarily in the infrastructure sector. This resulted in tightening liquidity conditions and increase
in yields on the debt of non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies, leading to funding and growth challenges.
As non-banking finance companies have slowed down lending, there could be refinancing challenges for their borrowers. Further,
challenges also emerged in certain sectors and borrower groups, such as real estate developers, and borrower groups that had borrowed
against their shareholding in listed group companies and faced refinancing challenges.

See also “
—Executive Summary—Business
environment—Trends in fiscal 2019
”.

As credit growth by non-banking financial
companies slowed down, this created opportunities for banks to grow their loan portfolios. However, credit grew at a faster pace
compared to deposit growth, resulting in a higher credit to deposit ratio for banks, especially for private sector banks. Further,
within deposits, the growth in low cost current account and savings account deposits was slower compared to term deposit growth,
resulting in an increase in the cost of funds for banks. This also limited the ability of banks to reduce lending rates in spite
of a declining policy interest rate environment. The Reserve Bank of India has now proposed a change in pricing of loans and has
recommended linking new floating rate retail loans and floating rate loans to micro and small enterprises to an external benchmark.
While final guidelines in this regard are awaited, a large competitor public sector bank has already announced the linking of interest
rates on its home loans and savings account deposits to the Reserve Bank of India’s repo rate. While the impact of this change
on the overall market is yet uncertain, such changes could impact the net interest margins of banks.

We believe that the significant improvement
in our deposit franchise and funding costs in the last five years, along with strengthened risk management practices enable us
to pursue lending opportunities profitably. In general, trends in systemic liquidity, interest rates and inflation influence deposit
growth, especially with respect to low cost savings and current account deposits. Our ability to grow our deposit base may be impacted
by increasing competition for such deposits from existing banks and new entrants. We have focused on maintaining and enhancing
our deposit franchise, including by leveraging technology. We have focused on capitalising on opportunities in retail lending,
including by cross-selling additional products to our existing customers, and growing our lending to small businesses, while adopting
a selective approach to corporate lending, in order to build a granular portfolio and sustainably improve portfolio quality.

A discussion of our financial performance
in fiscal 2019 is given below:

Operating profit before provisions decreased
by 3.7% from Rs. 289.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 278.7 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in income from treasury-related
activities, offset, in part, by an increase in net interest income.

137

Net interest income increased by 17.6%
from Rs. 279.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 328.0 billion in fiscal 2019, due to an increase of 10.6% in the average volume of
interest earning assets and an increase in net interest margin by 21 basis points.

Non-interest income increased by 4.4% from
Rs. 568.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 593.2 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in net earned premium and other
operating income relating to insurance business and commission, exchange and brokerage income, offset, in part, by a decrease in
income from treasury-related activities. Premium and other operating income relating to insurance business increased by 13.2% from
Rs. 368.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 417.1 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily reflecting an increase in business volume. Commission,
exchange and brokerage income increased by 11.9% from Rs. 112.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 126.0 billion in fiscal 2019. Income
from treasury-related activities decreased by 47.8% from Rs. 83.9 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 43.8 billion in fiscal 2019. In
fiscal 2019, we made a net gain of Rs. 10.1 billion on sale of equity shares of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company. In fiscal
2018, we made a net gain of Rs. 17.1 billion on sale of equity shares of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and a
net gain of Rs. 32.1 billion on sale of equity shares of ICICI Securities Limited through initial public offers.

Non-interest expenses increased by 15.3%
from Rs. 557.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 642.6 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in expenses pertaining
to insurance business, other administrative expenses and payments to and provision for employees.

Provisions and contingencies (excluding
provision for tax) increased by 13.8% from Rs. 179.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 204.6 billion in fiscal 2019. The Indian corporate
sector experienced several challenges from fiscal 2012, which resulted in substantial increase in the level of additions to non-performing
loans, including slippages from restructured loans, into non-performing status for the banking sector and the Bank since fiscal
2016.
See also, “Risk factors- Our level of non-performing assets is elevated, and if the level of our non-performing
assets increases further and the overall quality of our loan portfolio continues to deteriorate, our business will suffer.”

In fiscal 2019, the additions to non-performing loans in the banking system, including us, declined sharply. A few large accounts
referred under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code were resolved. The additions to non-performing loans of the Bank reduced significantly,
while provisions remained elevated as the Bank made additional provisions on existing non-performing loans as required by applicable
regulations. The provision coverage ratio improved substantially. Gross additions to the non-performing assets in fiscal 2019 were
Rs. 120.8 billion (fiscal 2018: Rs. 296.0 billion). Gross non-performing assets (net of write-offs) decreased from Rs. 575.3 billion
at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 491.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Net non-performing assets decreased from Rs. 293.5 billion
at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 143.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The net non-performing assets ratio decreased from 4.6% at
year-end fiscal 2018 to 2.0% at year-end fiscal 2019.

The income tax expense decreased by 8.5%
from Rs. 18.8 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 17.2 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in profit before tax. The effective
tax rate increased from 17.1% in fiscal 2018 to 23.2% in fiscal 2019 primarily reflecting the composition of income.

As a result of the above, the profit after
tax decreased by 44.8% from Rs. 77.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 42.5 billion in fiscal 2019.

Net worth (equity share capital and reserves
and surplus) increased from Rs. 1,106.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,142.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily
due to accretion to reserves from profit for the year. Total assets increased by 10.2% from Rs. 11,242.8 billion at year-end fiscal
2018 to Rs. 12,387.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Total deposits increased by 16.3% from Rs. 5,858.0 billion at year-end fiscal
2018 to Rs. 6,813.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Savings account deposits increased by 12.5% from Rs. 2,092.9 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2,355.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Current account deposits increased by 6.0% from Rs. 913.7 billion at
year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 968.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The current account and savings account ratio (ratio of current
account and savings account deposits to total deposits) was at 48.8% at year-end fiscal 2019 as compared to 51.3% at year-end fiscal
2018. Term deposits increased by 22.4% from Rs. 2,851.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3,489.8 billion at year-end fiscal
2019. Total advances increased by 14.1% from Rs. 5,668.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 6,469.6 billion at year-end fiscal
2019. Our retail advances increased by 22.8% from Rs. 3,207.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3,937.9 billion at year-end
fiscal 2019.

ICICI Bank had a branch network of 4,874
branches and an ATM network of 14,987 ATMs at year-end fiscal 2019.

The capital adequacy ratios of ICICI Bank
on an unconsolidated basis in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on Basel III, at year-end fiscal 2019
were: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 13.6%; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 15.1% and total risk-based capital
ratio of 16.9%. Our capital adequacy ratios on a

138

consolidated basis in accordance with the
Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on Basel III, at year-end fiscal 2019 were: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio
of 13.4%; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 14.7%; and total risk-based capital ratio of 16.5%.

Business outlook

Economic data for recent periods indicates
a moderation in economic activity, with a lower rate of growth of the gross domestic product as well as a decline in high frequency
indicators like vehicle sales. This could result in lower demand for credit from the banking system and also adversely impact the
quality of the existing portfolio. As new investments by the private corporate sector remain moderate, credit growth is expected
to continue to be driven by the retail and small business segment. In addition, the challenges faced by non-banking financial companies
and housing finance companies have led to a slowdown in lending by these companies, which could lead to financing and refinancing
challenges for their customers, who may also be customers of banks, including us. The overall impact of these developments on credit
markets is uncertain and there could be an adverse impact on the loan portfolios of banks, including us, if customers are no longer
able to access financing or refinancing from these entities or replace such financing or refinancing from other sources, thereby
impacting their ability to conduct operations or meet their financial obligations.

The banking system has also experienced
lower deposit growth relative to loan growth, and lower growth in current and savings account deposits relative to term deposits,
especially for private sector banks. This could create challenges for banks due to the increase in cost of funds and impact on
net interest margins, while limiting the ability of banks to raise lending rates. In addition, the proposed regulations pertaining
to pricing of loans and linking them to an external benchmark, and the step taken by a large public sector bank of linking savings
deposits and home loans to the policy repo rate could impact the net interest margins of banks. At the same time, the regulations
limiting fees from third party transactions, introduction of an electronic trading platform for buying/selling foreign exchange
and the proposal that businesses above a certain size should offer low cost digital modes of payment with no charges, could also
impact fee income streams of banks.

The corporate credit market in India is
still evolving. The Reserve Bank of India has in recent years announced several measures to improve transparency and accountability.
The Reserve Bank of India is addressing credit and concentration risks through measures like limiting the banking system’s
exposure to large borrowers, enabling a comprehensive assessment of borrowing levels and payment performance by requiring all
exposures to borrowers above a specified threshold to be reported by banks into a common database, and guidelines for identifying
stress in borrower accounts at an early stage and implementing a resolution plan for overdue accounts within specified timelines.
The revised prudential framework for resolution of stressed assets by banks, released by the Reserve Bank of India in June 2019,
requires initiating a review of a resolution plan as soon as a borrower is reported to be in default by any of the lenders and
requires higher provisioning for cases that are not referred to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code for resolution. Further, the
guideline requires banks to identify borrowers in financial difficulty, indications of which may include defaults, projections
of cash-flows, status of accounts, etc. This could create challenges for such borrowers, including some facing temporary difficulties,
in raising finances for growth and impact their repayment ability. See
“Supervision and Regulation- Loan Loss Provisions
and Non-Performing Assets”
. There is also a focus on increasing borrowings from the capital markets, which could impact
the credit markets. Large corporates with exposure above certain thresholds to the banking system are now required to raise a
certain proportion of incremental borrowings from the capital market. These steps are changing the dynamics of banking in the
country and will strengthen the credit markets in the long run by improving transparency and making the credit markets more efficient.
However, in the interim, as corporates and banks are adjusting to the new environment in lending/borrowing, challenges could emerge
and lead to potential financing difficulties for overdue borrowers and accelerated provisioning for lenders. Lower rated borrowers
may be most impacted by these changes. Our consolidated net loans to accounts internally rated below investment grade (including
net non-performing and restructured loans) were Rs. 281.8 billion at March 31, 2019.

In this environment, we have continued
to focus on strengthening our deposit franchise and capitalizing on opportunities in retail lending, including by cross-selling
additional products to our existing customers, and growing our lending to small businesses, while adopting a selective approach
to corporate lending, in order to build a granular portfolio and sustainably improve portfolio quality. While we will continue
to invest in our digital channels, we also intend to expand our branch network in areas with business potential. We would continue
to calibrate our strategy to evolving economic trends. Over the medium term, we see favorable prospects for the Indian economy.
The Government and the Reserve Bank of India have announced measures to address the challenges in the financial sector, including
for non-banking financial companies, and have committed to capital infusion in public sector banks during fiscal 2020. We expect
India’s strong domestic consumption and investment drivers to continue to support healthy rates of growth. Increasing household
incomes and consumption are expected to lead to opportunities in retail savings, investment and loan products, significant industrial
and infrastructure investment potential to lead to opportunities in project and corporate finance, and increasing global linkages
to lead to opportunities in international banking for Indian

139

corporations and non-resident Indians. The
banking sector is expected to benefit from the growing formalisation of the economy, the recently introduced insolvency resolution
regime and the rapid adoption of technology in banking.

Our strategy is to focus on growing the
core operating profits in a risk calibrated and granular manner, with significant reduction in provisions from the elevated levels
in recent years. We have over the years re-balanced our deposit profile, improved the credit rating profile of the portfolio and
reduced concentration risks in fiscal 2019. We also improved cost efficiency, scaled up retail loan growth, calibrated corporate
loan growth and maintained high capital adequacy ratios. Our additions to gross non-performing loans have reduced and the provisioning
coverage on non-performing loans has increased. See also,
“Business-Strategy”
.

The success of our strategy depends on
several factors, including our ability to grow our low cost deposit base, grow our loan book profitably, contain non-performing
loans, early resolution of stressed assets, maintain regulatory compliance in an evolving regulatory environment, address regulators’
assessments of and observations on our operations, and compete effectively in the Indian corporate and retail financial services
market. Regulations governing the financial sector in India, including banking, insurance and asset management, continue to evolve,
with a potential impact on the growth and profitability of financial services groups such as us. Our overseas branches are primarily
funded from wholesale sources and global financial market conditions may impact our ability to grow the business of our overseas
branches. See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our international operations increase the
complexity of the risks that we face”
. The success of our strategy is also subject to the overall regulatory and policy
environment in which we operate including the direction of monetary policy. Our ability to execute our strategy will also depend
on the liquidity and interest rate environment. See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our
banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely
affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our
loan portfolio and our financial performance”
. With regard to our overseas banking subsidiaries, recent global developments,
including movement in oil prices, trade-related disputes and uncertainties regarding finalization of the exit of the United Kingdom
from the European Union, are expected to impact economic growth in Canada and the United Kingdom, which in turn could impact the
business of our banking subsidiaries in these countries.

For a detailed discussion of risks that
we face in our business please refer to “Risk Factors”.

Average Balance Sheet

The average balances are the sum of daily
average balances outstanding. The yield on average interest-earning assets is the ratio of interest income to average interest-earning
assets. The cost of average interest-bearing liabilities is the ratio of interest expense to average interest-bearing liabilities.
The average balances of advances include non-performing advances and are net of allowance for loan losses. We have re-calculated
tax-exempt income on a tax-equivalent basis. Tax exempt income primarily consists of dividend income and interest income on tax
free bonds. For fiscal 2019, we have applied an effective marginal tax rate of 29% for the purpose of this re-computation. Other
interest income has been bifurcated into rupee and foreign currency amounts in order to facilitate the explanation of movements
of rupee and foreign currency spreads and margins. The rupee portion of other interest income primarily includes interest on income
tax refunds and income from interest rate swaps. The foreign currency portion of other interest income primarily includes income
from interest rate swaps in foreign currencies. These swaps are not part of our portfolio and are undertaken by us to manage the
market risk arising from our assets and liabilities.

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the average balances of the assets and liabilities outstanding, which contribute to the major components of
interest income, interest expense and net interest income.

140

Year
    ended March 31,
2017   2018   2019
Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/cost   Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/cost   Average
    balance   Interest income/ expense   Average
    yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Assets:
Advances:
Rupee   Rs.   3,539,213   Rs.   366,258   10.35   %   Rs.   3,991,107   Rs.   388,242   9.73   %   4,628,560   456,422   9.86   %
Foreign currency   1,457,164   54,546   3.74   1,284,252   44,286   3.45   1,302,286   52,426   4.03
Total advances   4,996,376   420,804   8.42   5,275,359   432,528   8.20   5,930,847   508,848   8.58
Investments:
Rupee   2,105,650   154,825   7.35   2,340,362   161,525   6.90   2,523,583   181,058   7.17
Foreign currency   117,045   2,231   1.91   103,722   2,284   2.20   118,180   2,767   2.34
Total investments   2,222,696   157,056   7.07   2,444,084   163,809   6.70   2,641,763   183,826   6.96
Other interest-earning assets:
Rupee   557,025   20,248   3.63   551,641   19,121   3.47   600,640   19,747   3.29
Foreign currency   135,643   1,126   0.83   172,546   2,345   1.36   166,797   3,875   2.32
Total other interest-earning assets   692,668   21,374   3.09   %   724,187   21,466   2.96   %   767,439   23,621   3.08   %
Other interest income:
Rupee   7,512   4,047   6,263
Foreign currency   5,150   2,326   61
Total other interest income   12,661   6,373   6,324
Interest-earning assets:
Rupee   6,201,888   548,842   8.85   6,883,110   572,935   8.32   7,752,784   663,490   8.56
Foreign currency   1,709,852   63,053   3.69   1,560,519   51,241   3.28   1,587,263   59,129   3.73
Total interest-earning assets   7,911,740   611,895   7.73   8,443,631   624,176   7.39   9,340,049   722,619   7.74
Fixed assets   88,377   94,606   94,752
Other assets   1,339,744   1,523,526   1,705,169
Total non-earning assets   1,428,122   1,618,132   1,799,921
Total assets   Rs.   9,339,862   Rs.   611,895   Rs.   10,061,763   Rs.   624,176   Rs.   11,139,970   722,619
Liabilities:
Savings account deposits:
Rupee   Rs.   1,391,381   Rs.   55,373   3.98   %   Rs.   1,649,434   Rs.   61,644   3.74   %   1,894,303   68,388   3.61
Foreign currency   83,108   805   0.97   74,834   646   0.86   80,599   790   0.98
Total savings account deposits   1,474,489   56,177   3.81   1,724,268   62,290   3.61   1,974,902   69,177   3.50
Time deposits:
Rupee   2,163,756   162,366   7.50   2,494,447   168,087   6.74   2,787,129   191,019   6.85
Foreign currency   383,130   14,084   3.68   256,534   7,020   2.74   336,152   9,756   2.90
Total time deposits   2,546,886   176,449   6.93   2,750,981   175,107   6.37   3,123,282   200,744   6.43
Other demand deposits:
Rupee   409,105   490,124   551,547
Foreign currency   67,693   72,933   75,719
Total other demand deposits   476,798   563,057   627,266
Total deposits:
Rupee   3,964,243   217,738   5.49   4,634,005   229,731   4.96   5,232,979   259,406   4.96
Foreign currency   533,932   14,888   2.79   404,301   7,666   1.90   492,470   10,545   2.14
Total deposits   4,498,175   232,626   5.17   5,038,306   237,397   4.71   5,725,449   269,952   4.71
Borrowings:
Rupee   834,502   76,252   9.14   865,519   71,837   8.30   957,459   80,896   8.45
Foreign currency   1,297,597   39,480   3.04   1,159,390   33,387   2.88   1,193,800   40,928   3.43
Total borrowings   2,132,099   115,732   5.43   2,024,909   105,224   5.20   2,151,259   121,824   5.66
Interest-bearing liabilities:
Rupee   4,798,745   293,990   6.13   5,499,524   301,568   5.48   6,190,438   340,302   5.50
Foreign currency   1,831,529   54,368   2.97   1,563,691   41,053   2.63   1,686,270   51,473   3.05
Total interest-bearing liabilities   6,630,273   348,358   5.25   7,063,215   342,620   4.85   7,876,708   391,775   4.97
Preference share capital   3,500   3,500   -
Other liabilities   1,703,366   1,902,934   2,130,057
Total liabilities   8,337,139   348,358   8,969,649   342,620   10,006,765   391,775
Stockholders’ equity   1,002,723   1,092,114   1,133,205
Total liabilities and
    stockholders’ equity   Rs.   9,339,862   Rs.   348,358   Rs.   10,061,763   Rs.   342,620   Rs.   11,139,970   Rs.   391,775

(1)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period classification.

141

Analysis of Changes in Interest Income
and Interest Expense: Volume and Rate Analysis

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the changes in the components of net interest income. The changes in net interest income between periods have
been reflected as attributed either to volume or rate changes. For the purpose of this table, changes which are due to both volume
and rate have been allocated solely to volume.

Fiscal 2018 vs. Fiscal 2017   Fiscal 2019 vs. Fiscal 2018
Increase (decrease) due to   Increase (decrease) due to
Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate   Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate
(in millions)
Interest income:
Advances:
Rupee   Rs.   21,984   Rs.   43,959   Rs.   (21,975   )   68,180   62,859   5,321
Foreign currency   (10,260   )   (5,963   )   (4,297   )   8,140   726   7,414
Total advances   11,724   37,996   (26,272   )   76,320   63,585   12,735
Investments:
Rupee   6,700   16,199   (9,499   )   19,573   13,145   6,388
Foreign currency   53   (293   )   346   484   339   145
Total investments   6,753   15,906   (9,153   )   20,057   13,484   6,533
Other interest-earning assets:
Rupee   (1,127   )   (187   )   (940   )   626   1,611   (985   )
Foreign currency   1,219   502   717   1,530   (134   )   1,663
Total other interest earning asset   92   315   (223   )   2,156   1,477   678
Other interest income
Rupee   (3,465   )   —   (3,465   )   2,216   —   2,216
Foreign currency   (2,824   )   —   (2,824   )   (2,265   )   —   (2,265   )
Other interest income   (6,288   )   —   (6,288   )   (49   )   —   (49   )
Total interest income:
Rupee   24,092   59,971   (35,879   )   90,555   77,615   12,940
Foreign currency   (11,812   )   (5,754   )   (6,058   )   7,889   931   6,957
Total interest income   12,281   54,217   (41,936   )   98,444   78,546   19,897
Interest expense:
Savings account deposits:
Rupee   6,271   9,644   (3,373   )   6,744   8,840   (2,096   )
Foreign currency   (159   )   (71   )   (87   )   144   56   87
Total savings account deposits   6,112   9,573   (3,460   )   6,888   8,896   (2,009   )
Time deposits:
Rupee   5,722   22,283   (16,562   )   22,931   20,059   2,872
Foreign currency   (7,063   )   (3,464   )   (3,599   )   2,736   2,311   425
Total time deposits   (1,341   )   18,819   (20,161   )   25,667   22,370   3,297
Total deposits:
Rupee   11,993   31,927   (19,935   )   29,675   28,899   776
Foreign currency   (7,222   )   (3,535   )   (3,686   )   2,880   2,367   512
Total deposits   4,771   28,392   (23,621   )   32,555   31,266   1,288
Borrowings:
Rupee   (4,415   )   2,574   (6,989   )   9,059   7,768   1,291
Foreign currency   (6,093   )   (3,980   )   (2,113   )   7,541   1,180   6,362
Total borrowings   (10,508   )   (1,406   )   (9,102   )   16,600   8,948   7,653
Total interest expense:
Rupee   7,578   34,501   (26,924   )   38,734   36,667   2,067
Foreign currency   (13,315   )   (7,515   )   (5,799   )   10,421   3,547   6,874
Total interest expense   (5,737   )   26,986   (32,723   )   49,155   40,214   8,941
Net interest income:
Rupee   16,514   25,470   (8,955   )   51,861   40,951   10,910
Foreign currency   1,503   1,761   (259   )   (2,532   )   (2,616   )   83
Total net interest income   Rs.   18,018   Rs.   27,231   Rs.   (9,213   )   49,329   38,335   10,993

142

Yields, Spreads and Margins

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the yields, spreads and net interest margins on interest-earning assets.

Year ended March 31,
2015   2016   2017   2018   2019
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest income (1)   Rs.   552,291   Rs.   594,980   Rs.   611,895   Rs.   624,176   Rs.   722,660
Average interest-earning assets   6,449,192   7,246,635   7,911,740   8,443,631   9,340,049
Interest expense   323,182   339,965   348,358   342,620   391,775
Average interest-bearing liabilities   5,445,790   6,094,406   6,630,273   7,063,215   7,876,708
Average total assets   7,675,783   8,474,703   9,339,862   10,061,763   11,139,970
Average interest-earning assets as a percentage of average total assets   84.02   %   85.51   %   84.71   %   83.92   %   83.84   %
Average interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of average total assets   70.95   71.91   70.99   70.20   70.71
Average interest-earning assets as a percentage of average interest-bearing liabilities   118.43   118.91   119.33   119.54   118.58
Yield   8.56   8.21   7.73   7.39   7.74
Rupee   9.97   9.53   8.85   8.32   8.56
Foreign currency   4.34   4.10   3.69   3.28   3.73
Cost of funds   5.93   5.57   5.25   4.85   4.97
Rupee   7.16   6.76   6.13   5.48   5.50
Foreign currency   3.41   3.05   2.97   2.63   3.05
Spread (2)   2.63   2.64   2.48   2.54   2.76
Rupee   2.81   2.77   2.72   2.84   3.06
Foreign currency   0.93   1.05   0.72   0.66   0.68
Net interest margin (3)   3.55   3.52   3.33   3.33   3.54
Rupee   4.54   4.41   4.11   3.94   4.17
Foreign currency   0.58   0.74   0.51   0.65   0.48

(1)   We have re-calculated tax-exempt income on a tax-equivalent basis. The impact of re-calculation of tax-exempt income on a tax
equivalent basis was Rs. 2.7 billion for fiscal 2015, Rs. 2.0 billion for fiscal 2016, Rs. 2.5 billion for fiscal 2017, Rs. 2.6
billion for fiscal 2018 and Rs. 2.8 billion for fiscal 2019.

(2)   Spread is the difference between yield on average interest-earning assets and cost of average interest-bearing liabilities.
Yield on average interest-earning assets is the ratio of interest income to average interest-earning assets. Cost of average interest-bearing
liabilities is the ratio of interest expense to average interest-bearing liabilities.

(3)   Net interest margin is the ratio of net interest income to average interest-earning assets. The difference in net interest
margin and spread arises due to the difference in amount of average interest-earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities.
If average interest-earning assets exceed average interest-bearing liabilities, net interest margin is greater than the spread
and if average interest-bearing liabilities exceed average interest-earning assets, net interest margin is less than the spread.

(4)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period classification.

Net Interest Income

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of net interest income.

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest income (1)   Rs.   621,623   719,817   US$   10,408   15.8   %
Interest expense   (342,620   )   (391,775   )   (5,665   )   14.3   %
Net interest income   Rs.   279,003   328,042   US$   4,743   17.6   %

(1)   Tax exempt income has not been re-calculated on a tax-equivalent basis.

Net interest income increased by 17.6%
from Rs. 279.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 328.0 billion in fiscal 2019, reflecting an increase of 10.1% in the average volume
of interest-earning assets and an increase in net interest margin by 21 basis points.

Net interest margin

Net interest margin on the rupee portfolio
increased by 23 basis points from 3.94% in fiscal 2018 to 4.17% in fiscal 2019 and net interest margin on the foreign currency
portfolio decreased by 17 basis points from 0.65% in fiscal 2018

143

to 0.48% in fiscal 2019. However, overall
net interest margin increased by 21 basis points from 3.33% in fiscal 2018 to 3.54% in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase
in the proportion of the rupee portfolio, which has relatively higher margins, in the total portfolio.

The yield on the rupee portfolio increased
by 24 basis points from 8.32% in fiscal 2018 to 8.56% in fiscal 2019 primarily due to the following:

·   The yield on rupee advances increased by 13 basis points from 9.73% in fiscal 2018 to 9.86% in fiscal 2019. The yield on rupee
investments increased by 27 basis points from 6.90% in fiscal 2018 to 7.17% in fiscal 2019. The yield on other interest-earning
assets decreased by 18 basis points from 3.47% in fiscal 2018 to 3.29% in fiscal 2019. The yield on the rupee portfolio was also
positively impacted by the increase in proportion of rupee advances in total rupee portfolio.

·   The yield on rupee advances increased primarily due to re-pricing of floating rate loans of existing customers at higher rates
and incremental lending at higher rates. See also “ Business—Loan portfolio—Loan pricing ”.

·   The yield on government securities in the interest earning rupee investments increased primarily due to an increase in investments
in government securities at higher yields and a reset of the rate of interest on floating rate bonds at higher levels. The yield
on other than statutory liquidity ratio investments increased primarily due to an increase in the yield on certificate of deposits,
commercial papers, pass through certificates and mutual funds.

·   The yield on other interest-earning assets decreased by 18 basis points from 3.47% in fiscal 2018 to 3.29% in fiscal 2019 primarily
due to a decrease in yield on Rural Infrastructure Development Fund and other related deposits.

·   Interest on income tax refunds increased from Rs. 2.8 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs 4.9 billion in fiscal 2019. The receipt,
amount and timing of such income depend on the nature and timing of determinations by tax authorities and are neither consistent
nor predictable.

The cost of funds for the rupee portfolio
increased by two basis points from 5.48% in fiscal 2018 to 5.50% in fiscal 2019 primarily due to the following factors:

·   The cost of rupee borrowings increased by 15 basis points from 8.30% in fiscal 2018 to 8.45% in fiscal 2019 primarily due to
an increase in the cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Bank and ICICI Securities Primary dealership. The cost of rupee borrowing
of ICICI Bank increased primarily due to an increase in cost of refinance borrowings and call and term money borrowings.

·   The cost of rupee deposits remained stable at 4.96% in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019.

The cost of rupee term deposits
increased by 11 basis points from 6.74% in fiscal 2018 to 6.85% in fiscal 2019.

The cost of rupee savings deposits
decreased by 13 basis points from 3.74% in fiscal 2018 to 3.61% in fiscal 2019. Effective August 19, 2017, the Bank reduced its
interest rate on savings account deposits by 50 basis points on deposits below Rs. 5 million from 4.00% to 3.50%, which reflected
fully in fiscal 2019.

The average rupee current account
and savings account deposits as a percentage of total average rupee deposits increased from 46.2% in fiscal 2018 to 46.7% in fiscal
2019.

Net interest margin on the foreign currency
portfolio decreased by 17 basis points from 0.65% in fiscal 2018 to 0.48% in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in cost of
funds and an increase in average interest-bearing liabilities, offset, in part, by an increase in yield on average interest-earning
assets. Average interest-bearing foreign currency liabilities increased by 7.8% from Rs. 1,563.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs.
1,686.3 billion in fiscal 2019. Average interest-bearing foreign currency assets increased by 1.7% from Rs. 1,560.5 billion in
fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,587.3 billion in fiscal 2019.

The yield on our foreign currency portfolio
increased by 45 basis points from 3.28% in fiscal 2018 to 3.73% in fiscal 2019 primarily due to the following:

·   The yield on average interest-earning assets of overseas branches of ICICI Bank increased primarily due to an increase in the
yield on average advances and investments. The yield on average advances of

144

overseas branches increased primarily
due to higher interest collections on non-performing assets and an increase in LIBOR.

·   The Bank has foreign currency bond borrowings where the interest rate is fixed. In order to manage the market risk, the Bank
undertakes non-trading fixed to floating interest rate swaps, where the Bank receives fixed and pays floating interest rates. During
fiscal 2019, the Bank had an interest expense of Rs. 2.5 billion on this account as compared to an interest income of Rs. 2.1 billion
in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in LIBOR.

·   The yield on average interest-earning assets of ICICI Bank UK increased primarily due to an increase in the yield on average
advances. The yield on average advances increased primarily due to the higher yield on corporate loans on account of an increase
in LIBOR.

·   The yield on average interest-earning assets of ICICI Bank Canada increased primarily due to an increase in the yield on average
advances. The yield on average advances increased primarily due to an increase in high yielding corporate loans and the conventional
mortgages portfolio, offset, in part, by a decrease in the high yielding securitized insured mortgages portfolio. The yield on
average investments increased primarily due to an increase in high yielding investments and sale/maturities of low yielding investments.

The cost of funds for the foreign currency
portfolio increased by 42 basis points from 2.63% in fiscal 2018 to 3.05% in fiscal 2019, due to the following factors:

·   The cost of funds for ICICI Bank’s foreign currency funding increased primarily due to an increase in cost of borrowings.
The cost of borrowings increased primarily due to an increase in cost of call and term money borrowings due to increase in LIBOR.

·   The cost of funds of ICICI Bank UK increased primarily due to an increase in cost of deposits and cost of borrowings. The cost
of deposits increased primarily due to increase in cost of term deposits. The cost of borrowings increased primarily due to an
increase in LIBOR and issuance of tier-2 bonds, which are at relatively higher cost than other borrowings.

·   The cost of funds of ICICI Bank Canada increased primarily due to an increase in cost of deposits and cost of borrowings. The
cost of deposits increased primarily due to an increase in cost of term deposits. The cost of borrowings increased primarily due
to an increase in proportion of securitized borrowings, which are relatively high cost, in total borrowings.

Our yield on advances, interest income,
net interest income and net interest margin are likely to continue to be impacted by recoveries from non-performing assets, systemic
liquidity, the competitive environment and regulatory developments. The timing and quantum of recoveries and interest on income
tax refund is uncertain. While the Bank expects continued growth in current account and savings account deposits, the stronger
growth in retail term deposits is likely to result in some decline in the proportion of average current account and savings account
deposits in total average deposits.

The Reserve Bank of India, in its statement
of Development and Regulatory Policies dated December 5, 2018, had proposed that from April 1, 2019, all new floating rate loans
(housing, auto, etc.) and floating rate loans to micro and small enterprises should be benchmarked to one of the prescribed external
rates. The final guidelines are awaited. Any change in the methodology of determining benchmark rates may impact our interest income,
yield on advances, net interest income and net interest margin.

Interest-earning assets

The average volume of interest-earning
assets increased by 10.6% from Rs. 8,443.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 9,340.0 billion in fiscal 2019. The increase in average
interest-earning assets was primarily due to an increase in average advances by Rs. 655.5 billion and an increase in average interest-earning
investments by Rs. 197.7 billion.

Average advances increased by 12.4% from
Rs. 5,275.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 5,930.8 billion in fiscal 2019. Average rupee advances increased by 16.0% from Rs. 3,991.1
billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 4,628.6 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in retail advances. Average foreign currency
advances increased by 1.4% from Rs. 1,284.3 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,302.3 billion in fiscal 2019.

Average interest-earning investments increased
by 8.0% from Rs. 2,444.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2,641.8 billion in fiscal 2019. Average rupee investments increased by 7.8%
from Rs. 2,340.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs.

145

2,523.6 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due
to an increase in investments in Indian government securities by 10.1% from Rs. 1,636.3 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,801.7 billion
in fiscal 2019. Average other rupee investments increased by 2.5% from Rs. 704.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 721.9 billion in
fiscal 2019. Interest-earning rupee investments, other than Indian government securities include investments in corporate bonds
and debentures, certificates of deposits, commercial paper, pass through certificates and liquid mutual funds. Average foreign
currency investments increased by 13.9% from Rs. 103.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 118.2 billion in fiscal 2019 increased primarily
due to an increase in investments in treasury bills by ICICI Bank UK.

Average other interest-earning assets increased
by 6.0% from Rs. 724.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs.767.4 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in balance with banks
outside India and Rural Infrastructure Development Fund and other related deposits, offset, in part, by a decrease in call money
lent.

Interest-bearing liabilities

Average interest-bearing liabilities increased
by 11.5% from Rs. 7,063.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 7,876.7 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in average
deposits by Rs. 687.1 billion and average borrowings by Rs.126.4 billion.

Average interest-bearing rupee liabilities
increased by 12.6% from Rs. 5,499.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 6,190.4 billion in fiscal 2019. Average rupee time deposits increased
by 11.7% from Rs. 2,494.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2,787.1 billion in fiscal 2019. Average rupee current account and savings
account deposits increased by 14.3% from Rs. 2,139.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2,445.9 billion in fiscal 2019.

Average rupee borrowings increased by 10.6%
from Rs. 865.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 957.5 billion in fiscal 2019.

Average interest-bearing foreign currency
liabilities increased by 7.8% from Rs. 1,563.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,686.3 billion in fiscal 2019. Average foreign currency
deposits increased by 21.8% from Rs. 404.3 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 492.5 billion in fiscal 2019. Average foreign currency
deposits of ICICI Bank increased primarily due to an increase in foreign currency non-resident deposits.

Average foreign currency borrowings increased
by 3.0% from Rs. 1,159.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,193.8 billion in fiscal 2019. The foreign currency borrowings of ICICI
Bank increased primarily due to an increase in call money and term borrowings. Average borrowings of ICICI Bank Canada decreased
primarily due to repayments of secured borrowings. Average borrowings of ICICI Bank UK in U.S. dollars terms remained at similar
level during the year. However, in rupee terms, average borrowings of ICICI Bank UK increased due to appreciation in the U.S. dollars
against rupee during fiscal 2019. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading
activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest
margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our
financial performance
”.

Non-Interest Income

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of non-interest income.

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Commission, exchange and brokerage   Rs.   112,629   Rs.   126,057   US$   1,823   11.9   %
Profit/(loss) on treasury-related activities (net) (1)   83,927   43,816   634   (47.8   )
Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net)   29   (22   )   (0) (1)   N/M
Premium and other operating income from insurance business   369,369   420,939   6,086   14.0
Miscellaneous income   2,114   2,460   36   16.4
Total non-interest income   Rs.   568,068   Rs.   593,250   US$   7,944   4.4   %

N/M- Not meaningful

(1)   Includes profit/(loss) on the sale/revaluation of investments and exchange transactions.

(2)   Insignificant amount.

146

Non-interest income primarily includes
income pertaining to our insurance business, commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit/(loss) on treasury-related activities
and other miscellaneous income. This analysis of non-interest income should be read against the backdrop of global and Indian economic
developments, financial market activities, the competitive environment, client activity levels and our strategy, as detailed in
earlier sections.

Non-interest income increased by 4.4% from
Rs. 568.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 593.3 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in net earned premium and other
operating income relating to insurance business and commission, exchange and brokerage income, offset, in part, by a decrease in
treasury-related activites.

Commission, exchange and brokerage

Commission, exchange and brokerage income
primarily includes fees from our banking business as well as fee and brokerage income of our securities broking, asset management
and private equity fund management subsidiaries. The fee income of our banking business primarily includes fees from corporate
clients such as loan processing fees, commercial banking fees and structuring fees and fee income from retail customers such as
loan processing fees, credit card and debit card related fees and service charges on retail deposit accounts.

Commission, exchange and brokerage income
increased by 11.9% from Rs. 112.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 126.1 billion in fiscal 2019. Commission, exchange and brokerage
income of ICICI Bank increased by 16.4% from Rs. 87.9 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 102.3 billion in fiscal 2019. The commission,
exchange and brokerage income of ICICI Bank increased primarily due to an increase in credit card fees, fees from retail deposit
customers and lending linked fees. Commission, exchange and brokerage income of our asset management subsidiary increased from
Rs. 18.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 19.3 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in average assets under management.
Commission, exchange and brokerage income of our securities broking subsidiary decreased from Rs. 16.8 billion in fiscal 2018 to
Rs. 15.1 billion in fiscal 2019 due to a decrease in brokerage income, corporate finance fees and third party product distribution
fees. Brokerage income of our securities broking subsidiary decreased primarily due to a decrease in cash equity trading volume,
offset, in part, by an increase in derivative trading volume in fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018.

Income from treasury-related activities (net)

Income from treasury-related activities
includes income from the sale of investments and the revaluation of investments on account of changes in unrealized profit/(loss)
in the fixed income, equity and preference share portfolio, units of venture capital and private equity funds, units of mutual
funds and security receipts issued by asset reconstruction companies. Further, it also includes income from foreign exchange transactions,
consisting of various foreign exchange and derivatives transactions with clients, including options and swaps.

Income from treasury-related activities
decreased from Rs. 83.9 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 43.8 billion in fiscal 2019.

Income from our equity portfolio decreased
from Rs. 57.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 19.9 billion in fiscal 2019. Income from our equity portfolio in fiscal 2019 primarily
included a gain of Rs. 10.1 billion on sale of stake in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited through an offer for sale
on stock exchanges. Income from our equity portfolio in fiscal 2018 primarily included a gain of Rs. 17.1 billion on sale of stake
in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Rs. 32.1 billion on sale of stake in ICICI Securities Limited through initial
public offers.

Income from our government securities portfolio
and other fixed income positions decreased from Rs. 10.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 0.6 billion in fiscal 2019. In fiscal 2018,
income from our government securities portfolio and other fixed income positions was higher primarily due to higher realized gains
on government securities portfolio and other fixed income positions.

Income from foreign exchange transactions,
including transactions with clients and margins on derivatives transactions with clients, increased from Rs. 16.0 billion in fiscal
2018 to Rs. 17.8 billion in fiscal 2019.

Income relating to our insurance business

Income from our insurance business includes
net premium income, fee and commission income, surrender charges and income on foreclosure of policies. Income from our insurance
business increased by 13.2% from Rs. 368.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 417.1 billion in fiscal 2019 due to an increase in income
from both our life insurance and general insurance business.

147

Income from our life insurance business
increased by 12.1% from Rs. 291.3 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 326.5 billion in fiscal 2019.

Net premium income of our life insurance
subsidiary increased by 13.0% from Rs. 267.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 301.7 billion in fiscal 2019. The premium income (gross
of premium on reinsurance ceded) of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 14.3% from Rs. 270.7 billion in fiscal
2018 to Rs. 309.3 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in retail renewal premium and group premium. Retail renewal
premium increased by 15.6% from Rs. 175.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 202.3 billion in fiscal 2019. Group premium increased from
Rs. 11.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 25.7 billion in fiscal 2019. Retail new business premium decreased by 3.1% from Rs. 84.0
billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 81.4 billion in fiscal 2019. Fee and other life insurance related income of our life insurance subsidiary
increased from Rs. 24.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 24.9 billion in fiscal 2019.

Income from our general insurance business
increased by 17.2% from Rs. 77.3 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 90.6 billion in fiscal 2019.

Net premium income of our general insurance
subsidiary increased from Rs. 67.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 81.5 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in motor,
health and personal accident insurance business. Commission income of our general insurance subsidiary decreased from Rs. 10.3
billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 9.1 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to lower re-insurance commission on crop insurance business.

Miscellaneous income

Miscellaneous income increased from Rs.
2.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2.5 billion in fiscal 2019.

Non-Interest Expense

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of non-interest expense.

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Payments to and provisions for employees   Rs.   83,335   Rs.   94,253   US$   1,363   13.1   %
Depreciation on own property   9,221   9,458   137   2.6
Auditor’s fees and expenses   259   295   4   13.9
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   336,374   391,686   5,663   16.4
Other administrative expenses   128,367   146,896   2,124   14.4
Total non-interest expenses   Rs.   557,556   Rs.   642,588   US$   9,291   15.3   %

Non-interest expense primarily includes
expenses relating to our insurance business, payment to and provision for employees and other administrative expenses. Operating
expenses increased by 15.3% from Rs. 557.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 642.6 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase
in expenses related to insurance business, other administrative expenses and payments to and provisions for employees.

Payments to and provisions for employees

Employee expenses increased by 13.1% from
Rs. 83.3 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 94.3 billion in fiscal 2019. Our employee base, including sales executives, employees on
fixed term contracts and interns, increased from 112,360 at year-end fiscal 2018 to 117,340 at year-end fiscal 2019.

The employee expenses of ICICI Bank increased
by 15.1% from Rs. 59.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 68.1 billion in fiscal 2019. Employee expenses increased primarily due to
an increase in retirement benefit obligations due to a decrease in the discount rate linked to government securities yield and
an increase in dearness allowance and provision for performance bonus and performance-linked retention pay. The average employee
base of ICICI Bank, including sales executives, employees on fixed term contracts and interns, increased from 83,577 employees
in fiscal 2018 to 84,523 employees in fiscal 2019. Any change in the government securities yield in the future may impact our employee
retirement benefits obligation and employee costs.

The employee expenses of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company increased marginally from Rs. 9.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 9.8 billion in fiscal 2019. The employee
expenses of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company increased by 16.9% from Rs. 5.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 6.0 billion in
fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in

148

average employee base and annual salary increments.
The employee expenses of ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company increased by 13.6% from Rs. 2.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs.
2.4 billion in fiscal 2019. The employee expenses of ICICI Home Finance company increased from Rs. 0.3 billion in fiscal 2018 to
Rs. 0.7 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to increase in average employee base.

Depreciation

Depreciation on owned properties increased
by 2.6% from Rs. 9.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 9.5 billion in fiscal 2019.

Other administrative expenses

Other administrative expenses primarily
include rent, taxes and lighting, advertisement and publicity, repairs and maintenance, direct marketing agency expenses and other
expenditures. Other administrative expenses increased by 14.4% from Rs. 128.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 146.9 billion in fiscal
2019 primarily due to an increase in expenses of ICICI Bank and our life insurance subsidiary, offset, in part, by a decrease in
expenses of our general insurance subsidiary and asset management subsidiary. Other administrative expenses of ICICI Bank increased
from Rs. 90.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 104.9 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in retail business volumes.

Other administrative expenses of our life
insurance subsidiary increased from Rs. 11.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 16.2 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase
in sales and marketing expenses.

Other administrative expenses of our general
insurance subsidiary decreased from Rs. 15.8 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 13.9 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease
in business support expenses. Business support expenses decreased primarily due to accounting for distribution fees on motor segment
as ‘commission paid’ consequent to implementation of Motor Insurance Service Provider guidelines issued by the Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India.

Other administrative expenses of our asset
management subsidiary decreased from Rs. 7.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 6.7 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease
in fund related expenses.

Expenses related to our insurance business

Expenses related to our insurance business
include claims and benefit payouts, commission expenses and reserves for actuarial liability (including the investible portion
of the premium on unit-linked policies of our life insurance business). Expenses relating to our insurance business increased by
16.4% from Rs. 336.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 391.7 billion in fiscal 2019.

The expenses related to our life insurance
subsidiary increased by 15.0% from Rs. 277.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 318.5 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase
in linked premium and expenses related to reserves for actuarial liability (including the investible portion of the premium on
unit-linked policies).

The reserves for the actuarial liability
of the life insurance business (including the investible portion of the premium on unit-linked policies) increased by 15.1% from
Rs. 257.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 295.9 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in the volume of our unit-linked
insurance business. The investible portion of the premium on linked policies of our life insurance business represents the amount
of premium, including renewal premium received on linked policies of life insurance business invested, after deducting charges
and the premium for risk coverage, in the underlying fund. The claims and benefit payouts and commission expenses increased by
13.6% from Rs. 19.9 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 22.6 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in death claims, maturity
claims and survival claims and higher commission expenses. The increase in commission expenses increased primarily due to an increase
in total premium. In line with Indian accounting norms for insurance companies, we do not amortize the customer acquisition cost,
but account for the expenses as incurred.

The expenses related to our general insurance
subsidiary increased from Rs. 59.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 73.1 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in claims
and benefit payouts and commission expenses. Claims and benefit payouts increased by 18.8% from Rs. 53.1 billion in fiscal 2018
to Rs. 63.1 billion in fiscal 2019.

See also “
Business—Overview
of Our Products and Services—Insurance
”.

149

Provisions and contingencies (excluding
tax provisions)

Provisions for Non-performing Assets and Restructured
Loans

The Reserve Bank of India has substantially
expanded its guidance relating to the identification and classification of non-performing assets over the last five years, which
has resulted in an increase in our loans classified as non-performing and an increase in provisions.

Effective April 1, 2014, the Reserve Bank
of India issued guidelines which included a framework for early identification and resolution of stressed assets. The guidelines
introduced an asset classification category of “special mention accounts”, which comprised cases that were not yet
restructured or classified as non-performing but which exhibited early signs of stress, as determined by various parameters. Banks
were required to share data with each other on a category of special mention accounts, form joint lenders’ forums and devise
action plans for the joint resolution of these accounts.

From April 1, 2015 onwards, loans that
were restructured (other than due to a delay in project implementation up to specified periods) had to be classified as non-performing
assets. Loans to projects under implementation that were restructured due to a delay in implementation of the project (up to a
specified period) continued to enjoy forbearance in classification as non-performing assets, subject to the fulfillment of certain
conditions stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India.

During the three months ended December
31, 2015, against the backdrop of continuing challenges in the corporate sector, the Reserve Bank of India articulated an objective
of early and conservative recognition of stress and provisioning and held discussions with and asked a number of Indian banks,
including us, to review certain loan accounts and their classification over the six months ended March 31, 2016. As a result of
the challenges faced by the corporate sector and the discussions with and review by the Reserve Bank of India, non-performing loans
increased significantly in the banking system including us, during the second half of fiscal 2016.

In April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India
directed banks to put in place board-approved policies for making provisions for standard assets at rates higher than those prescribed
by the Reserve Bank of India, based on industry sectors and an assessment of sectoral risks and trends. In particular, the Reserve
Bank of India highlighted risks in the telecom sector and directed banks to complete the assessment with respect to this sector
by June 30, 2017. Furthermore, in April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India required banks to disclose the divergence in asset classification
and provisioning between what banks report and what the Reserve Bank of India assesses through the annual supervisory process.
The disclosure was required if either the additional provisioning requirement assessed by the Reserve Bank of India exceeded 15.0%
of the published net profits after tax for the period (10.0% of the reported profit before provisions and contingencies based on
the Reserve Bank of India’s revised guidelines issued in April 2019) , or the additional gross non-performing assets identified
by the Reserve Bank of India exceeded 15.0% of the published incremental gross non-performing assets for the reference period,
or both.

In June 2017, the Reserve Bank of India
directed banks to commence proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, enacted in 2016, in respect of certain corporate
borrowers. Under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, a resolution plan for these borrowers would be required to be finalized within
specified timeframes, failing which the borrowers would go into liquidation. The Reserve Bank of India also specified higher provisions
in respect of loans to these borrowers. In August 2017, the Reserve Bank of India identified additional accounts and directed banks
to initiate insolvency resolution process under the provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code by December 31, 2017 if a
resolution plan where the residual debt was rated investment grade by two external credit rating agencies was not implemented by
December 13, 2017.

In February 2018, the Reserve Bank of India
issued directions and guidelines aimed at time-bound resolution of non-performing and stressed borrowers, withdrawal of earlier
resolution schemes and commencement of proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code in respect of borrowers where a resolution
satisfying specified criteria could not be achieved within a prescribed timeframe. Apart from the withdrawal of earlier resolution
mechanisms, the Reserve Bank of India also discontinued the Joint Lenders’ Forum, a committee formed by banks to explore
options for resolution. The guidelines withdrew the standstill benefit for classification of borrower accounts where any of the
Reserve Bank of India prescribed resolution schemes had been initiated and resulted in banks, including us, classifying assets
under the resolution schemes of the Reserve Bank of India as non-performing on an accelerated basis.

In April 2019, the Supreme Court declared
the Reserve Bank of India circular on revised framework for resolution of stressed assets dated February 12, 2018 as unconstitutional.
The Reserve Bank of India issued a revised prudential framework for resolution of stressed assets by banks on June 7, 2019. As
per the revised guideline, banks are now required to implement the resolution plan within 180 days from the end of the “review
period” (30 days from default) in respect of any overdue account where the aggregate exposure of the lenders is Rs. 20.0
billion or more (Rs. 15.0

150

billion from January 1, 2020), failing which banks will be required
to make additional provision of 20.0%. The banks will be required to make further additional provision of 15.0%, if the resolution
plan is not implemented within 365 days from the commencement of the “review period”. Further, half of the additional
provision may be reversed on filing of the insolvency application under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, and remaining additional
provision may be reversed upon admission of the borrower into the insolvency resolution process under the Code. On implementation
of the resolution plan, additional provision may be reversed if the borrower is not in default for a period of 6 months from the
date of clearing of the overdues with all the lenders or upon completion of the assignment of debt/recovery. Further, the guideline
requires banks to identify borrowers in financial difficulty, indications of which may include defaults, projections of cash-flows,
status of accounts, etc. This could create challenges for such borrowers, including some facing temporary difficulties, in raising
finances for growth and impact their repayment ability.

The process of resolution of accounts referred
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code is still evolving, with periodic amendments being incorporated in the framework through
both legislation and judicial decisions. A few large accounts were resolved under the Code during fiscal 2019. However, there are
delays in the resolution of accounts referred under the Code. Should the resolution of accounts not be achieved and the borrowers
go into liquidation, the market value of the collateral may come down thus impacting the recovery of dues by lenders.

ICICI Bank classifies its assets, including
those in overseas branches, as performing and non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. ICICI Home
Finance Company classifies its loans and other credit facilities in accordance with the guidelines of its regulator, the National
Housing Bank. Loans in the Bank’s UK subsidiary are classified as impaired if there is objective evidence of impairment as
a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the loan (a loss event) and that loss event (or events)
has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. Loans in the Bank’s Canadian
subsidiary are considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows
of that loan have occurred. Under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, non-performing assets are classified into sub-standard,
doubtful and loss assets based on certain pre-defined criteria. Loans held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired
as per host country regulations for reasons other than record of recovery but which are standard as per the extant Reserve Bank
of India guidelines are identified as non- performing assets to the extent the loan amount is outstanding in the host country.
Our non-performing assets include loans and advances as well as credit substitutes, which are funded credit exposures. The Reserve
Bank of India has separate guidelines for restructured loans.

From April 1, 2015 onwards, loans that
are restructured are classified as non-performing, other than loans already restructured prior to March 31, 2015 or where the restructuring
was proposed prior to April 1, 2015 and was effected subsequently within prescribed timelines. However, loans granted for implementation
of projects that are restructured due to a delay in implementation of the project (up to a specified period) continue to enjoy
forbearance in asset classification subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India. See
also “
Business—Classification of Loans
”.

The Bank has, since April 2016, implemented
enhanced internal controls, relating to the review of loan accounts which satisfy certain threshold parameters, primarily relating
to size, credit rating and days-past-due, for identification of non-performing assets.

ICICI Bank makes provisions on standard,
sub-standard and doubtful assets at rates prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful
assets are provided for/written off as required by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. For loans and advances of overseas branches,
we make provisions as per the Reserve Bank of India regulations or host country regulations, whichever is higher. We make provisions
on retail non-performing loans at the borrower level in accordance with our retail assets provisioning policy, subject to the minimum
provisioning levels prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and
advances and against certain performing loans and advances in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India directions, including the
Reserve Bank of India direction for additional provision on accounts referred to the National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code. We hold higher specific provisions on retail loans and advances than the minimum regulatory requirement.

In respect of non-retail loans reported
as frauds to the Reserve Bank of India and classified in doubtful category, the entire amount, without considering the value of
security, is provided for over a period of not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in which fraud has been detected.
In respect of non-retail loans where there has been a delay in reporting the fraud to the Reserve Bank of India or which are classified
as loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In the case of fraud in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided
immediately. We make provisions on restructured/rescheduled loans and advances in accordance with the applicable Reserve Bank of
India guidelines on restructuring of loans and advances by banks. In addition to the specific provision on non-performing

151

assets, we maintain a general provision on
standard loans and advances and restructured/rescheduled loans and advances at rates prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. For
standard loans and advances in overseas branches, we hold a general provision at the higher of host country regulatory requirements
and the Reserve Bank of India requirements. The Bank also makes additional general provision on loans to specific borrowers in
specific stressed sectors. The Bank may create floating provision for the year, in excess of the specific and general provision,
as per Board approved policy. The floating provision can only be utilized, with the approval of Board and the Reserve Bank of India.

See also “
Business—Loan
portfolio—Classification of Loans
”.

Non-performing Assets

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, certain information regarding non-performing assets.

At March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Opening balance (gross non-performing assets)   Rs.   458,861   Rs.   575,261   US$   8,317   25.4   %
Add: New non-performing assets during the year   295,969   120,793   1,747   (59.2   )
Less: Loans upgraded to performing during the year   (38,668   )   (18,268   )   (264   )   (52.8   )
Less: Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts) (1)   (48,103   ) (1)   (62,596   ) (1)   (905   )   30.1
Less: Write-offs   (92,798   )   (123,345   )   (1,784   )   32.9
Gross non-performing assets (2)   Rs.   575,261   Rs.   491,845   US$   7,111   (14.5   )
Provisions for non-performing assets (2)   (281,714   )   (348,522   )   (5,039   )   23.7
Net non-performing assets (2)   Rs.   293,547   Rs.   143,323   US$   2,072   (51.2   )
Gross customer assets   Rs.   6,681,141   Rs.   7,535,320   US$   108,955   12.8
Net customer assets   Rs.   6,393,368   Rs.   7,183,487   US$   103,868   12.4
Gross non-performing assets as a percentage of gross customer assets   8.6   %   6.5   %
Net non-performing assets as a percentage of net customer assets   4.6   %   2.0   %

(1)   Includes non-performing assets transferred to asset reconstruction companies primarily in exchange for the receipt of securities
in the form of pass through instruments.

(2)   Includes loans identified as non-performing/impaired in line with the guidelines issued by regulators of the respective subsidiary.

The Indian corporate sector experienced
several challenges from fiscal 2012, which led to lower than projected cash flows for the corporates and the progress in reducing
leverage in the corporate sector remained slow. Further, the Reserve Bank of India initiated several measures from fiscal 2016
to accelerate recognition and increase provisioning towards stressed accounts in the corporate sector. As a result, there was a
significant increase in the level of additions to non-performing loans, including slippages from restructured loans into non-performing
status for the banking sector, including us, from fiscal 2016. In fiscal 2018, the Reserve Bank of India introduced a new framework
for the resolution of stressed assets and withdrew the existing schemes for resolution, resulting in accelerated classification
of assets under the resolution schemes of the Reserve Bank of India as non-performing during the year. In fiscal 2018, the Reserve
Bank of India directed banks to commence proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, enacted in 2016, in respect of certain
corporate borrowers. Under this Code, a resolution plan for these borrowers was required to be finalized within specified timeframes,
failing which the borrowers would go into liquidation. The Reserve Bank of India also specified higher provisions in respect of
loans to these borrowers.

The additions to non-performing assets
of the banking sector, including us, moderated during fiscal 2019. However, provisions made by banks, including us, continued to
be elevated, as banks continued to make additional provisions on their existing portfolios of non-performing loans. A few large
accounts were resolved under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code during fiscal 2019. Further, during fiscal 2019, challenges emerged
for non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies, following a default by a large non-banking financial company
involved primarily in the infrastructure sector. This resulted in tightening liquidity conditions and increase in yields on the
debt of non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies, leading to funding and growth challenges. As non-banking
finance companies have slowed down lending, there could be refinancing challenges for their borrowers. Further, challenges also
emerged in certain sectors and borrower groups, such as real estate developers, and

152

borrower groups that had borrowed against
their shareholding in listed group companies, and faced refinancing challenges.

The gross additions to non-performing commercial
loans decreased from Rs. 267.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 91.6 billion in fiscal 2019. During fiscal 2019, we upgraded non-performing
commercial loans amounting to Rs. 12.9 billion as compared to Rs. 34.6 billion in fiscal 2018 and made recoveries of non-performing
commercial loans amounting to Rs. 51.4 billion as compared to Rs. 39.9 billion in fiscal 2018. During fiscal 2019, commercial loans
amounting to Rs. 121.7 billion were written-off as compared to Rs. 88.7 billion in fiscal 2018 based on a borrower-specific evaluation
of the probability of recovery and collectability of the loans. Gross non-performing commercial loans decreased from Rs. 534.8
billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 440.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

Gross additions to non-performing consumer
loans were Rs. 29.2 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to Rs. 28.8 billion in fiscal 2018. During fiscal 2019, we upgraded non-performing
consumer loans of Rs. 5.4 billion as compared to Rs. 4.1 billion in fiscal 2018. During fiscal 2019, we made recoveries against
non-performing consumer loans of Rs. 11.2 billion (fiscal 2018: Rs. 8.2 billion) and written-off loans of Rs. 1.6 billion (fiscal
2018: Rs. 4.1 billion). Gross non-performing consumer loans increased from Rs. 40.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 51.4
billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

As a result of above, our gross non-performing
assets decreased by 14.5% from Rs. 575.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 491.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Our net
non-performing assets decreased by 51.2% from Rs. 293.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 143.3 billion at year-end fiscal
2019. The net non-performing asset ratio decreased from 4.6% at year-end fiscal 2018 to 2.0% at year-end fiscal 2019.

The total non-fund based outstanding to
borrowers classified as non-performing was Rs. 42.2 billion at March 31, 2019.

Our consolidated net loans to accounts
internally rated below investment grade (excluding net non-performing and restructured loans) were Rs. 134.7 billion at year-end
fiscal 2019, constituting about 2.1% of our total net loans.

See also “
Business—Classification
of Loans—Non-performing Assets
”.

Restructured Loans

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, information regarding roll-forward and average balances of standard restructured loans.

At March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Opening balance (gross restructured loans)   50,855   18,579   269   (63.5   )%
Add: Loans restructured during the year   7   293   4   -
Add: Increase in loans outstanding in respect of previously restructured loans/borrowers   2,161   193   3   (91.1   )
Less: Loans upgraded to standard category during the year   —   (10,402   )   (150   )   -
Less: Loans downgraded to non-performing category during the year   (22,838   )   (3,959   )   (57   )   (82.7   )
Less: Repayments/change in management/conversion to equity shares during the year   (11,605   )   (965   )   (14   )   (91.7   )
Gross restructured loans   Rs.   18,579   Rs.   3,737   US$   54   (79.9   )
Provisions for restructured loans   (628   )   (279   )   (4   )   (55.6   )
Net restructured loans   Rs.   17,951   Rs.   3,458   US$   50   (80.7   )
Average balance of net restructured loans (1)   Rs.   27,586   Rs.   11,091   US$   160   (59.8   )
Gross customer assets   Rs.   6,681,141   Rs.   7,535,320   US$   108,955   12.8
Net customer assets   Rs.   6,393,368   Rs.   7,183,487   US$   103,868   11.8
Gross restructured loans as a percentage of gross customer assets   0.3   %   0.05   %
Net restructured loans as a percentage of net customer assets   0.3   %   0.05   %

(1)   The average balance is the average of quarterly balances outstanding at the end of March of the previous year and June, September,
December and March of the current year.

153

During fiscal 2019, we restructured loans
of borrowers classified as standard, as well as made additional disbursements to borrowers whose loans had been restructured in
prior years, aggregating Rs. 0.5 billion, as compared to Rs. 2.2 billion during fiscal 2018. Further, during fiscal 2019, restructured
standard loans amounting to Rs. 4.0 billion were classified as non-performing due to failure of borrowers to perform as per restructured
debt terms, compared to Rs. 22.8 billion during fiscal 2018. Restructured loans amounting to Rs. 10.4 billion were upgraded to
standard category from standard restructured category. The gross outstanding standard restructured loans decreased by 79.9% from
Rs. 18.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 and the net outstanding restructured loans
decreased by 80.7% from Rs. 18.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

Further, at year-end fiscal 2019, ICICI
Bank’s outstanding non-fund based facilities to borrowers whose loans were classified as restructured were Rs. 2.1 billion.

The aggregate gross non-performing assets
and gross standard restructured loans decreased by Rs. 98.3 billion, or 16.5%, from Rs. 593.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to
Rs. 495.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The aggregate net non-performing assets and net restructured loans decreased by Rs.
164.7 billion, or 52.9%, from Rs. 311.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 146.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

During fiscal 2017, the Reserve Bank of
India introduced a scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets and issued guidelines which sought to strengthen banks’
ability to undertake resolution of large borrower accounts that are facing financial difficulties on account of delays in completing
large projects. The scheme aimed at enabling lenders to initiate deep financial restructuring, subject to fulfillment of certain
conditions, for sustainable revival of projects. The scheme envisaged bifurcation of the current dues of a borrower into sustainable
debt and other than sustainable debt as per an independent study of the viability of the borrower’s operations. The scheme
also envisaged that the asset classification of the borrower as on a ‘reference date’ (date on which the lenders jointly
decide to invoke the scheme) would continue for a period of 180 days (stand-still period). On February 12, 2018, the scheme for
sustainable structuring of stressed assets and stand-still benefit were withdrawn, where such schemes were not implemented on that
date. At year-end fiscal 2019, the Bank had implemented the scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets in three standard
borrower accounts with an aggregate balance outstanding of Rs. 6.2 billion, comprising Rs. 3.3 billion of sustainable debt and
Rs. 2.9 billion of unsustainable debt. (March 31, 2018: Rs. 6.6 billion). The aggregate non-fund based outstanding to these borrowers
was Rs. 15.4 billion at March 31, 2019. The outstanding loans where a change of ownership scheme was invoked for projects under
implementation were Nil at March 31, 2019 (March 31, 2018: Rs. 2.4 billion). See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations
Relating to Advancing Loans
”.

The Reserve Bank of
India had issued guidelines permitting banks to refinance long-term project loans to infrastructure and other core industries at
periodic intervals without such refinancing being considered as restructuring. At March 31, 2019, the portfolio of such loans was
Rs. 45.9 billion (March 31, 2018: Rs. 60.6 billion) out of which Rs. 19.1 billion (March 31, 2018: Rs. 21.2 billion) was classified
as performing loans.

In fiscal 2019, we sold commercial loans
made to 15 borrowers with an aggregate book value (net of provision) of Rs. 2.8 billion to asset reconstruction companies. In fiscal
2018, we sold commercial loans made to 12 borrowers with an aggregate book value (net of provision) of Rs. 2.7 billion to asset
reconstruction companies. See also
“Business—Classification of Loans—Non-Performing Asset Strategy”.

Provisions and contingencies

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the composition of provisions and contingencies, excluding provisions for tax.

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Provision for investments (net)   Rs.   19,489   Rs.   3,591   US$   52   (81.6   )%
Provision for non-performing and other assets   147,516   176,114   2,546   19.4
Provision for standard assets   2,960   2,414   35   (18.4   )
Others   9,764   22,499   325   -
Total provisions and contingencies (excluding tax)   Rs.   179,729   Rs.   204,618   US$   2,958   13.8   %

154

Provisions and contingencies increased
by 13.8% from Rs. 179.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 204.6 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in provision for
non-performing assets, non-fund based facilities and non-banking assets, offset, in part, by a decrease in provision for investments.

Provision for non-performing and
other assets increased by 19.4% from Rs. 147.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 176.1 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to
additional provisions on loans classified as non-performing assets in earlier years. The Indian corporate sector experienced
several challenges which led to substantial increase in the level of additions to non-performing loans, including slippages
from restructured loans, into non-performing status for the banking sector and the Bank from fiscal 2016. The additions to
non-performing assets of the banking sector, including us, moderated during fiscal 2019. However, provisions made by banks,
including us, continued to be elevated, as banks continued to make additional provisions on their existing portfolios of
non-performing loans. A few large accounts were resolved under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code during fiscal 2019. The
additions to non-performing loans of the Bank declined, while provisions remained elevated due to movement in past-due
buckets of the non-performing loans. The provision coverage ratio (excluding cumulative technical/prudential write-offs)
increased from 49.0% at year-end fiscal 2018 to 70.9% at year-end fiscal 2019. Provision for investments decreased from Rs.
19.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3.6 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to recovery towards bonds which were fully
provided in earlier years and lower provisions on equity shares.

Provision for standard assets decreased
from Rs. 3.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2.4 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to decrease in provision for standard assets
of ICICI Bank Canada. There was a write-back of provision for standard assets of ICICI Bank Canada of Rs. 0.3 billion in fiscal
2019 as compared to a provision of Rs. 0.1 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to sell-down of loans in fiscal 2019. We held a
cumulative general provision of Rs. 31.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 compared to Rs. 28.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

Other provisions and contingencies increased
from Rs. 9.8 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 22.5 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to provision on non-banking assets and non-fund
based facilities. Provision on non-fund based facilities increased from Rs. 2.9 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 11.3 billion in fiscal
2019. During fiscal 2019, the Bank made a provision of Rs. 9.0 billion on non-banking assets as per the Reserve Bank of India’s
direction.

See also “
Business—Classification
of Loans—Non-Performing Assets
” and “
Business—Classification of Loans—Restructured Loans
”.

Tax Expense

Income tax expense decreased by 8.51% from
Rs. 18.8 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 17.2 billion in fiscal 2019. The effective tax rate increased from 17.7% in fiscal 2018
to 23.2% in fiscal 2019 primarily reflecting the composition of income.

Income tax expense of the Bank decreased
by 37.0% from Rs. 6.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 4.1 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in profit before tax.
The effective tax rate of the Bank increased from 8.8% in fiscal 2018 to 10.9% in fiscal 2019 primarily reflecting the composition
of income.

Income tax expense of our life insurance
subsidiary decreased from Rs. 0.98 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 0.22 billion in fiscal 2019. Income tax expense of our general
insurance subsidiary increased from Rs. 3.3 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 5.5 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to higher effective
tax rate due to changes in income tax regulations resulting in tax on long term gain on sale of investments, which was exempt in
earlier years.

155

Financial Condition

Assets

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, the principal components of assets.

At March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Cash and cash equivalents   Rs.   889,991   Rs.   873,909   US$   12,636   (1.8   )%
Investments   3,722,077   3,982,008   57,577   7.0
Advances (net of provisions)   5,668,542   6,469,617   93,546   14.1
Fixed assets   94,650   96,604   1,397   2.1
Other assets   867,550   965,801   13,965   11.3
Total assets   Rs.   11,242,810   Rs.   12,387,939   US$   179,121   10.2   %

(1)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period classification.

Our total assets increased by 10.2% from
Rs. 11,242.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 12,387.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in net
advances, investments and other assets. Net advances increased by 14.1% from Rs. 5,668.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs.
6,469.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Investments increased by 7.0% from Rs. 3,722.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs.
3,982.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Other assets increased by 11.3% from Rs. 867.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs.
965.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash
in hand and balances with the Reserve Bank of India and other banks, including money at call and short notice. Cash and cash equivalents
decreased from Rs. 890.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 873.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease
in money at call and short notice and balances with banks outside India, offset, in part, by an increase in balance with Reserve
Bank of India.

Investments

Total investments increased by 7.0% from
Rs. 3,722.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3,982.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Investments of ICICI Bank increased
from Rs. 2,029.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2,077.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in
investments in Indian government securities and pass through certificates, offset, in part, by a decrease in commercial paper and
bonds and debentures.

Investments of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company increased from Rs. 1,370.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,571.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Investments
held to cover linked liabilities increased from Rs. 975.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,109.5 billion at year-end fiscal
2019 primarily due to an increase in investment in equity shares and corporate bonds. Investments, other than investments held
to cover linked liabilities, increased from Rs. 395.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 462.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2019
primarily due to an increase in investment in bonds and debentures, Indian government securities and equity shares.

Investments of ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company increased from Rs. 180.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 215.0 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase
in investment in Indian government securities, treasury bills and bonds and debentures.

Investments of ICICI Securities Primary
Dealership Limited decreased from Rs. 154.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 102.9 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to
a decrease in investment in Indian government securities and treasury bills.

Investments of ICICI Bank UK increased
by 19.5% from Rs. 52.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 62.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase
in investment in government securities. ICICI Bank Canada’s investment portfolio increased by 51.1% from Rs. 22.0 billion
at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 33.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in bankers acceptances and treasury
bills.

Our total investment in Indian government
securities increased from Rs. 1,803.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,876.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

At year-end fiscal 2019, the Bank had an
outstanding net investment of Rs. 32.9 billion in security receipts issued by asset reconstruction companies in relation to sales
of non-performing assets, compared to Rs. 34.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. See also “
Business—Overview of Our
Products and Services—Treasury
”.

156

Advances

Net advances increased by 14.1% from Rs.
5,668.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 6,469.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in retail advances.

Net advances of the Bank increased by 14.5%
from Rs. 5,124.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 5,866.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Net retail advances of ICICI Bank
increased by 21.7% from Rs. 2,898.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3,528.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Net advances
of ICICI Bank’s overseas branches decreased by 2.2% from Rs. 644.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 630.3 billion at
year-end fiscal 2019. Net advances of ICICI Home Finance increased by 37.8% from Rs. 95.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs.
131.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in home loans.

Net advances of ICICI Bank UK increased
by 9.2% from Rs. 155.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 169.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

Net advances of ICICI Bank Canada increased
marginally from Rs. 290.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 297.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. See also “
Business
– Loan Portfolio
”.

Fixed and other assets

Fixed assets include premises, furniture
and fixtures, assets given on lease and other fixed assets. Fixed assets increased by 2.1% from Rs. 94.7 billion at year-end fiscal
2018 to Rs. 96.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Other assets increased from Rs. 867.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs.
965.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in trade receivables, income tax paid in advance and Rural Infrastructure
and Development Fund and related deposits of the Bank.

Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, the principal components of liabilities and stockholders’ equity.

At March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Deposits   Rs.   5,857,961   Rs.   6,813,169   US$   98,513   16.3   %
Borrowings (1)   2,294,018   2,103,241   30,411   (8.3   )
Other liabilities   1,924,452   2,263,189   32,724   17.6
Total liabilities   10,076,431   11,179,599   161,648   10.9
Minority interest   60,082   65,805   951   9.5
Equity share capital   12,858   12,895   186   0.3
Reserves and surplus (2)   1,093,439   1,129,640   16,334   3.3
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   Rs.   11,242,810   12,387,939   US$   179,119   10.2   %

(1)   Includes subordinated debt and redeemable non-cumulative preference shares.

(2)   Includes employees’ stock options outstanding.

(3)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified
where necessary to conform to current period classification.

Our total liabilities (including capital
and reserves) increased by 10.2% from Rs. 11,242.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 12,387.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2019,
primarily due to an increase in deposits and other liabilities, offset, in part, by a decrease in borrowings.

Deposits

Deposits increased by 16.3% from Rs. 5,858.0
billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 6,813.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Deposits of ICICI Bank increased by 16.4% from
Rs. 5,609.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 6,529.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Savings account deposits increased
by 13.3% from Rs. 2,009.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2,276.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 and current account deposits
increased by 8.2% from Rs. 889.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 962.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Term deposits increased
by 21.4% from Rs. 2,710.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3,289.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The current account and
savings account deposits increased by 11.7% from Rs. 2,899.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3,239.4 billion at year-end
fiscal 2019. Deposits of overseas branches increased by 9.3% from Rs. 49.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 54.2

157

billion at year-end fiscal 2019. At year-end
fiscal 2019, deposits of the Bank formed 79.8% of its funding (i.e., deposits and borrowings). See also
“Business—Funding”.

Deposits of ICICI Bank Canada increased
from Rs. 142.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 164.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in term
deposits, offset, in part, by a decrease in savings account deposits. Term deposits increased from Rs. 102.0 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018 to Rs. 130.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Current account deposits increased from Rs. 14.7 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018 to Rs. 15.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Savings account deposits decreased from Rs. 25.9 billion at year-end fiscal
2018 to Rs. 18.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

Deposits of ICICI Bank UK increased from
Rs. 114.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 148.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in term deposits.

Borrowings

Borrowings decreased by 8.3% from Rs. 2,294.0
billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2,103.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Borrowings of ICICI Bank decreased by 9.6% from
Rs. 1,828.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,653.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019, primarily due to a decrease in borrowings
with the Reserve Bank of India under liquidity adjustment facility, foreign currency term money borrowings, borrowings under collateralised
lending and borrowing obligations and subordinated bond borrowings, offset, in part, by an increase in foreign currency call money
borrowings, refinance borrowings and repo borrowings. Net borrowings of overseas branches decreased by 8.1% from Rs. 813.9 billion
at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 747.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

Borrowings of ICICI Bank UK decreased from
Rs. 102.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 80.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019, primarily due to a decrease in inter-bank
and long-term borrowings, offset, in part, by issuance of tier-2 subordinated debt bonds during fiscal 2019. Borrowings of ICICI
Bank Canada decreased from Rs. 145.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 142.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019, primarily due
to a net repayment of securitized borrowings. Borrowings of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Company decreased from Rs. 155.4
billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 104.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to decrease in repo borrowings and call
money borrowings, offset, in part, by an increase in borrowings from the Reserve Bank of India and commercial papers. Borrowings
of ICICI Home Finance Company increased from Rs. 81.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 118.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2019
primarily due to an increase in external commercial borrowings. See also “
Business—Funding
”.

Other liabilities

Other liabilities primarily consist of
sundry creditors, bills payable and liabilities on insurance policies in force pertaining to our insurance subsidiaries. Other
liabilities increased by 17.6% from Rs. 1,924.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2,263.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.
Liabilities on policies in force of our life insurance business increased by 15.9% from Rs. 1,314.9 billion at year-end fiscal
2018 to Rs. 1,523.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Other liabilities of ICICI Bank increased by 25.4% from Rs. 302.0 billion
at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 378.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in payables on account of foreign
exchange transactions, sundry creditors and bills payable.

Equity share capital and reserves

Stockholders’ equity increased from
Rs. 1,106.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,142.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to the annual accretion
to reserves out of profit.

Consolidated
Cash Flow statement

Please
refer to “
Consolidated financial Statements—Consolidated cash flow statements
”.

Cash
and cash equivalents decreased by 1.8% from Rs. 890.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to
Rs
.
873.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

The
net cash inflow from operating activities increased from Rs. 193.8 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 486.7 billion in fiscal 2019
primarily due to a higher increase in deposits and other liabilities and a decrease in investments (other than held-to-maturity
investments), offset, in part, by a higher increase in advances and an increase in current tax payment in fiscal 2019 as compared
to fiscal 2018.

The
net cash outflow from investing activities decreased from Rs. 505.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 301.5 billion in fiscal 2019
primarily due to lower net purchase of held-to-maturity securities as compared to fiscal 2018.

There
was a net cash outflow from financing activities of Rs. 200.0 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to a net cash inflow of Rs. 396.8
billion during fiscal 2018, primarily due to a net decrease in short-term borrowings by Rs. 150.0 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared
to a net increase of Rs. 383.8 billion in fiscal 2018.

Fiscal 2017 to Fiscal 2018

Summary

Operating profit before provisions decreased
by 4.7% from Rs. 303.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 289.5 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in non-interest
expenses, offset, in part, by an increase in non-interest income and net interest income.

Net interest income increased by 6.9% from
Rs. 261.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 279.0 billion in fiscal 2018, reflecting an increase of 6.7% in the average volume of interest-earning
assets. Net interest margin remained stable at 3.33% in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018.

Non-interest income (excluding income from
treasury-related activities) increased by 8.3% from Rs. 524.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 568.1 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily
due to an increase in net earned premium and other operating

158

income relating to insurance business and
commission, exchange and brokerage income, offset, in part, by a decrease in income from treasury-related activities. Premium and
other operating income relating to insurance business increased by 18.1% from Rs. 312.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 368.6 billion
in fiscal 2018 primarily reflecting an increase in business volume. Commission, exchange and brokerage income increased by 16.9%
from Rs. 96.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 112.6 billion in fiscal 2018. Income from treasury-related activities decreased from
Rs. 114.4 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 83.9 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to a decrease in realized gain on government
securities and other fixed income positions. In fiscal 2018, we made a net gain of Rs. 17.1 billion on sale of equity shares of
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and a net gain of Rs. 32.1 billion on sale of equity shares of ICICI Securities
Limited through an initial public offer. In fiscal 2017, we made a net gain of Rs. 51.3 billion on sale of equity shares of ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited through an initial public offer.

Non-interest expenses increased by 15.7%
from Rs. 481.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 557.6 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in expenses pertaining
to insurance business and other operating expenses.

Provisions and contingencies (excluding
provision for tax) increased by 8.4% from Rs. 165.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 179.7 billion in fiscal 2018. The Indian corporate
sector has experienced several challenges in recent years following a phase of significant expansion in investment in the infrastructure
and industrial sectors during fiscal 2010 and 2011. These challenges included delays in project implementation, issues assessing
raw materials, low demand and global commodity price cycles. As a result, there has been a substantial increase in the level of
additions to non-performing loans, including slippages from restructured loans, into non-performing status since fiscal 2016 for
the banking sector and the Bank. Gross additions to the non-performing assets in fiscal 2018 were Rs. 296.0 billion (fiscal 2017:
Rs. 348.3 billion). The additions to non-performing assets during fiscal 2018 included the impact of revised framework for the
resolution of stressed assets issued by the Reserve Bank of India in February 2018, which withdrew the schemes of strategic debt
restructuring, change in ownership outside strategic debt restructuring and the scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed
assets resulting in classification of loans under these schemes, which were not implemented, as non-performing. Gross non-performing
assets (net of write-offs) increased from Rs. 458.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 575.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.
Net non-performing assets increased from Rs. 270.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 293.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.
The net non-performing assets ratio decreased from 4.7% at year-end fiscal 2017 to 4.6% at year-end fiscal 2018.

The income tax expense decreased by 23.9%
from Rs. 24.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 18.8 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to a lower effective tax rate in fiscal 2018,
primarily reflecting the composition of income.

As a result of the above, the profit after
tax decreased by 24.3% from Rs. 101.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 77.1 billion in fiscal 2018.

Net worth (equity share capital and reserves
and surplus) increased from Rs. 1,046.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,106.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily
due to accretion to reserves from profit for the year. Total assets increased by 14.1% from Rs. 9,857.2 billion at year-end fiscal
2017 to Rs. 11,242.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Total deposits increased by 14.3% from Rs. 5,125.9 billion at year-end fiscal
2017 to Rs. 5,858.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Savings account deposits increased by 16.9% from Rs. 1,790.1 billion at year-end
fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,092.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Current account deposits increased by 19.0% from Rs. 767.9 billion
at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 913.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. The current account and savings account ratio (ratio of current
account and savings account deposits to total deposits) increased from 49.9% at year-end fiscal 2017 to 51.3% at year-end fiscal
2018. Total advances increased by 10.0% from Rs. 5,153.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5,668.5 billion at year-end fiscal
2018. Our retail advances increased by 19.3% from Rs. 2,689.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 3,207.9 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018.

ICICI Bank had a branch network of 4,867
branches and an ATM network of 14,367 ATMs at year-end fiscal 2018.

The capital adequacy ratios of ICICI Bank
on an unconsolidated basis in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on Basel III, at year-end fiscal 2018
were: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 14.4%; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 15.9% and total risk-based capital
ratio of 18.4%. Our capital adequacy ratios on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines
on Basel III, at year-end fiscal 2018 were: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 14.2%; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio
of 15.6%; and total risk-based capital ratio of 17.9%.

159

Net Interest Income

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of net interest income.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest income (1)   Rs.   609,399   Rs.   621,623   US$   8,988   2.0   %
Interest expense   (348,358   )   (342,620   )   (4,954   )   (1.6   )%
Net interest income   Rs.   261,041   Rs.   279,003   US$   4,034   6.9   %

(1)   Tax exempt income has not been re-calculated on a tax-equivalent basis.

Net interest income increased by 6.9% from
Rs. 261.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 279.0 billion in fiscal 2018, reflecting an increase of 6.7% in the average volume of interest-earning
assets.

Net interest margin

Net interest margin on the rupee portfolio
decreased by 17 basis points from 4.11% in fiscal 2017 to 3.94% in fiscal 2018 and net interest margin on foreign currency portfolio
increased by 14 basis points from 0.51% in fiscal 2017 to 0.65% in fiscal 2018. However, overall net interest margin remained stable
at 3.33% in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in proportion of the rupee portfolio, which has relatively
higher margins, in the total portfolio.

The yield on the rupee portfolio decreased
by 53 basis points from 8.85% in fiscal 2017 to 8.32% in fiscal 2018 primarily due to the following:

·   The yield on rupee advances decreased by 62 basis points from 10.35% in fiscal 2017 to 9.73% in fiscal 2018. The yield on rupee
investments decreased by 45 basis points from 7.35% in fiscal 2017 to 6.90% in fiscal 2018. The yield on other interest-earning
assets decreased by 16 basis points from 3.63% in fiscal 2017 to 3.47% in fiscal 2018.

·   The yield on rupee advances decreased by 62 basis points from 10.35% in fiscal 2017 to 9.73% in fiscal 2018 primarily due to
the following reasons:

·   There were higher additions to non-performing assets during fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. The Bank accounts for interest income
on a cash basis on non-performing assets.

·   The Bank reduced its 1-year marginal cost of funds based lending rate by 100 basis points during fiscal 2017, of which 75 basis
points was reduced subsequent to withdrawal of legal tender status of Specified Bank Notes in November 2016, the full year impact
of this change was reflected in fiscal 2018. The incremental loans by the Bank were made at lower rates, in line with market trends.
Further, many existing customers of the Bank with floating rate loans have re-priced their loans to lower rate linked to marginal
cost of funds based lending rate during fiscal 2018. See also “ Business—Loan portfolio—Loan pricing ”.

·   The yield on interest-earning rupee investments decreased by 45 basis points from 7.35% in fiscal 2017 to 6.90% in fiscal 2018.
The yield on government securities decreased primarily due to realization of capital gains in the statutory liquidity ratio investments
and reset of floating rate bonds at lower levels. The yield on other than statutory liquidity ratio investments decreased primarily
due to a decrease in the yield on bonds and debentures, commercial paper and mutual funds.

·   The yield on other interest-earning assets decreased by 16 basis points from 3.63% in fiscal 2017 to 3.47% in fiscal 2018 primarily
due to a decrease in interest on income tax refund and average investment in Rural Infrastructure Development Fund and other related
deposits, which are relatively higher yielding amongst other interest-earning assets.

Interest on income tax refunds
decreased from Rs. 4.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2.8 billion in fiscal 2018. The receipt, amount and timing of such income
depend on the nature and timing of determinations by tax authorities and are neither consistent nor predictable.

The cost of funds for the rupee portfolio
decreased by 65 basis points from 6.13% in fiscal 2017 to 5.48% in fiscal 2018 primarily due to the following factors:

160

·   The cost of rupee deposits decreased by 53 basis points from 5.49% in fiscal 2017 to 4.96% in fiscal 2018 primarily due to
a decrease in the cost of rupee term deposits and cost of rupee savings deposits and an increase in the proportion of average current
account and savings account deposits in total deposits.

The cost of rupee term deposits
decreased by 76 basis points from 7.50% in fiscal 2017 to 6.74% in fiscal 2018 reflecting softening of interest rates. The Bank
reduced retail term deposit rates for select maturities in phases during fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. For example, the rate on
retail term deposits with maturities between 390 days up to two years declined from 7.50% at April 1, 2016 to 7.00% at April 1,
2017. The rate was further reduced to 6.90% on May 17, 2017 and 6.75% on July 19, 2017.

The cost of rupee savings deposits
decreased by 24 basis points from 3.98% in fiscal 2017 to 3.74% in fiscal 2018. Effective August 19, 2017, the Bank reduced its
interest rate on savings account deposits by 50 basis points on deposits below Rs. 5 million from 4.00% to 3.50%.

The average rupee current account
and savings account deposits as a percentage of total rupee deposits increased from 45.4% in fiscal 2017 to 46.2% in fiscal 2018.

·   The cost of rupee borrowings decreased by 84 basis points from 9.14% in fiscal 2017 to 8.30% in fiscal 2018 primarily due to
a decrease in the cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Bank. Cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Bank decreased primarily due to a decrease
in cost of bond borrowings, refinance borrowings and call money borrowings.

The yield on our foreign currency portfolio
decreased by 41 basis points from 3.69% in fiscal 2017 to 3.28% in fiscal 2018 primarily due to the following:

·   The yield on average interest earning assets of overseas branches of ICICI Bank decreased primarily due to a decrease in the
yield on average advances. The yield on average advances of overseas branches decreased primarily due to an increase in non-performing
assets in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 and prepayment of high yielding loans. The Bank accounts for interest income on a cash basis
on non-performing assets.

·   The net interest income on non-trading interest rate swaps of ICICI Bank, which are undertaken to manage the market risk arising
from assets and liabilities, decreased from Rs. 5.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2.1 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to expiry
of interest rate swaps on maturity of underlying borrowings.

·   The yield on average interest earning assets of ICICI Bank UK decreased primarily due to a decrease in yield on average advances,
offset, in part, by an increase in yield on average investment securities. Yield on average advances decreased primarily due to
maturity of high yielding loans. Yield on average investment securities increased primarily due to an increase in investments in
high yielding corporate bonds.

·   The yield on average interest earning assets of ICICI Bank Canada increased primarily due to an increase in yield on average
advances. Yield on average advances increased primarily due to an increase in proportion of high yielding advances in total advances.
Yield on average investment increased primarily due to an increase in investment in the higher yielding bankers’ acceptances
during fiscal 2018.

The cost of funds for the foreign currency
portfolio decreased by 34 basis points from 2.97% in fiscal 2017 to 2.63% in fiscal 2018, due to the following factors:

·   The cost of funds for ICICI Bank’s foreign currency funding decreased primarily due to a decrease in cost of deposits
and cost of borrowings. The cost of deposits decreased primarily due to a decrease in cost of term deposits on account of maturity
of high cost foreign currency non-resident deposits. Cost of borrowings decreased primarily due to a decrease in cost of bond borrowings.

·   The cost of funds of ICICI Bank UK decreased primarily due to decrease in cost of deposits and cost of borrowings. The cost
of deposits decreased primarily due to interest rate reduction on retail deposits. The cost of borrowings decreased primarily due
to buyback of higher cost subordinated bond borrowings and an increase in borrowings from central bank, which are relatively lower
cost as compared to other borrowings.

·   The cost of funds of ICICI Bank Canada decreased primarily due to a decrease in cost of deposits and cost of borrowings. The
cost of deposits decreased primarily due to maturity of high cost deposits. The cost of

161

borrowings decreased primarily due
to an increase in the proportion of lower cost securitized borrowings in the total borrowings.

Our yield on advances, interest income,
net interest income and net interest margin are likely to continue to be impacted going forward, due to the tightening of systemic
liquidity, changes in benchmark lending rates and deposits rates (including savings deposit rates in India), competitive market
conditions, the increased proportion of secured retail advances in total advances, focus on lending to higher rated, well-established
corporates, the migration of ICICI Bank’s Base rate linked floating rate loans to marginal cost of funds based lending rate
and non-accrual of income on non-performing assets.

An internal study group report of the Reserve
Bank of India dated September 25, 2017 proposed that all floating rate loans extended from April 1, 2018 be referenced to an external
benchmark. The Group also suggested that the periodicity of resetting the interest rates be once a quarter and that banks should
migrate all existing lending rates to the new benchmark without any additional charges for switchover within one year from the
introduction of the external benchmark. The Reserve Bank of India has yet to issue the necessary instructions/guidelines in this
regard. Further, in February 2018, the Reserve Bank of India proposed to harmonize the methodology of determining benchmark rates
by linking the base rate to the marginal cost based lending rate. Final instructions/guidelines in this regard have not yet been
released. Any change in the methodology of determining benchmark rates may impact our interest income, yield on advances, net interest
income and net interest margin.

Interest-earning assets

The average volume of interest-earning
assets increased by 6.7% from Rs. 7,911.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 8,443.6 billion in fiscal 2018. The increase in interest-earning
assets was primarily due to an increase in average advances by Rs. 279.0 billion and an increase in average interest-earning investments
by Rs. 221.4 billion.

Average advances increased by 5.6% from
Rs. 4,996.4 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5,275.4 billion in fiscal 2018. Average rupee advances increased by 12.8% from Rs. 3,539.2
billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 3,991.1 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in retail advances. Average foreign currency
advances decreased by 11.9% from Rs. 1,457.2 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,284.3 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to a decrease
in advances of ICICI Bank on account of prepayment and higher provision on advances.

Average interest-earning investments increased
by 10.0% from Rs. 2,222.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,444.1 billion in fiscal 2018. Average rupee investments increased by
11.1% from Rs. 2,105.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,340.4 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in investments
in Indian government securities by 7.5% from Rs. 1,521.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,636.3 billion in fiscal 2018. Average
other rupee investments increased by 20.5% from Rs. 584.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 704.1 billion in fiscal 2018. Interest-earning
rupee investments, other than Indian government securities include investments in corporate bonds and debentures, certificates
of deposits, commercial paper, pass through certificates and liquid mutual funds. Average foreign currency investments decreased
by 11.4% from Rs. 117.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 103.7 billion in fiscal 2018.

Average other interest-earning assets increased
by 4.5% from Rs. 692.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 724.2 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in call and term
money lent, offset, in part, by a decrease in average investment in Rural Infrastructure Development Fund and other related deposits.

Interest-bearing liabilities

Average interest-bearing liabilities increased
by 6.5% from Rs. 6,630.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 7,063.2 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in average deposits
by Rs. 540.1 billion, offset, in part, by a decrease in average borrowings by Rs. 107.2 billion.

Average interest-bearing rupee liabilities
increased by 14.6% from Rs. 4,798.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5,499.5 billion in fiscal 2018. Average rupee time deposits increased
by 15.3% from Rs. 2,163.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,494.4 billion in fiscal 2018. Average rupee current account and savings
account deposits increased by 18.8% from Rs. 1,800.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,139.6 billion in fiscal 2018. Average rupee
borrowings increased by 3.7% from Rs. 834.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 865.5 billion in fiscal 2018.

Average interest-bearing foreign currency
liabilities decreased by 14.6% from Rs. 1,831.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,563.7 billion in fiscal 2018. Average foreign currency
deposits decreased by 24.3% from Rs. 533.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 404.3 billion in fiscal 2018. Average foreign currency
deposits of ICICI Bank decreased primarily due to a decrease in term deposits. Average deposits of ICICI Bank UK decreased primarily
due to a decrease in corporate term deposits and savings deposits.

162

Average foreign currency borrowings decreased
by 10.7% from Rs. 1,297.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,159.4 billion in fiscal 2018. The foreign currency borrowings of ICICI
Bank decreased primarily due to a decrease in term borrowings and subordinated bond borrowings. Average borrowings of ICICI Bank
Canada increased primarily due to an increase in borrowings through securitization of mortgages. Average borrowings of ICICI Bank
UK increased primarily due to an increase in long-term borrowings and borrowings from central bank under Term Funding scheme. See
also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable
to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income
portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance
”.

Non-Interest Income

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of non-interest income.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Commission, exchange and brokerage   Rs.   96,344   Rs.   112,629   US$   1,629   16.9   %
Profit/(loss) on treasury-related activities (net) (1)   114,366   83,927   1,290   (26.6   )
Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net)   (14   )   29   (0) (2)   N/M
Premium and other operating income from insurance business   312,028   369,369   5,341   18.4
Miscellaneous income   1,853   2,114   30   14.1
Total non-interest income   Rs.   524,577   Rs.   568,068   US$   8,725   8.3   %

N/M- Not meaningful

(1)   Includes profit/(loss) on the sale/revaluation of investments
and exchange transactions.

(2)   Insignificant amount.

Non-interest income primarily includes
income pertaining to our insurance business, commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit/(loss) on treasury-related activities
and other miscellaneous income. This analysis of non-interest income should be read against the backdrop of global and Indian economic
developments, financial market activities, the competitive environment, client activity levels and our strategy, as detailed in
earlier sections.

Non-interest income increased by 8.3% from
Rs. 524.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 568.1 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in net earned premium and other
operating income relating to insurance business and commission, exchange and brokerage income, offset, in part, by a decrease in
treasury-related activities.

Commission, exchange and brokerage

Commission, exchange and brokerage income
primarily includes fees from our banking business as well as fee and brokerage income of our securities broking, asset management
and venture capital fund management subsidiaries. The fee income of our banking business primarily includes fees from corporate
clients such as loan processing fees, commercial banking fees and structuring fees, fee income from retail customers such as loan
processing fees, credit card fees and service charges on retail deposit accounts.

Commission, exchange and brokerage income
increased by 16.9% from Rs. 96.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 112.6 billion in fiscal 2018. Commission, exchange and brokerage
income of ICICI Bank increased from Rs. 80.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 87.9 billion in fiscal 2018. The commission, exchange
and brokerage income of ICICI Bank increased primarily due to an increase in credit card fees from retail customers, fees from
retail deposit customers and lending linked fees, offset, in part, by a decrease in commercial banking fees. Commission, exchange
and brokerage income of our asset management subsidiary increased from Rs. 13.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 18.2 billion in fiscal
2018 primarily due to an increase in management fees from mutual fund operations. Commission, exchange and brokerage income of
our securities broking subsidiary increased from Rs. 12.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 16.8 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due
to an increase in brokerage income and third party product distribution fees. Brokerage income of our securities broking subsidiary
increased primarily due to an increase in retail secondary market volume reflecting improved equity market conditions in fiscal
2018.

163

Income from treasury-related activities (net)

Income from treasury-related activities
includes income from the sale of investments and the revaluation of investments on account of changes in unrealized profit/(loss)
in the fixed income, equity and preference share portfolio, units of venture capital and private equity funds, units of mutual
funds and security receipts issued by asset reconstruction companies. Further, it also includes income from foreign exchange transactions,
consisting of various foreign exchange and derivatives transactions with clients, including options and swaps.

Income from treasury-related activities
decreased from Rs. 114.4 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 83.9 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to a decrease in income from our
government securities portfolio and other fixed income positions.

Income from our equity portfolio increased
marginally from Rs. 57.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 57.7 billion in fiscal 2018. Income from our equity portfolio in fiscal
2017 primarily included a gain of Rs. 51.3 billion on sale of stake in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited through
an initial public offer. Income from our equity portfolio in fiscal 2018 primarily included a gain of Rs. 17.1 billion on sale
of stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Rs. 32.1 billion on sale of stake in ICICI Securities Limited through
an initial public offer.

Income from our government securities portfolio
and other fixed income positions decreased from Rs. 39.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 10.2 billion in fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2017,
income from our government securities portfolio and other fixed income positions was higher primarily due to higher realized gains
on government securities portfolio and other fixed income positions on account of a decrease in yield on benchmark fixed income
securities. Yields on the benchmark 10-year government securities fell significantly following the withdrawal of legal tender status
of Specified Bank Notes in November 2016 to around 6.2% resulting in increased market opportunities for profit-taking in fiscal
2017. Yields on the benchmark 10-year government securities remained stable in the range of 6.4% to 7.0% during April to August
2017 and then increased sharply from September 2017 and was 7.4% at year-end fiscal 2018, resulting in lower market opportunities.

Income from foreign exchange transactions,
including transactions with clients and margins on derivatives transactions with clients, increased from Rs. 14.6 billion in fiscal
2017 to Rs. 16.0 billion in fiscal 2018.

Income relating to our insurance business

Income from our insurance business includes
net premium income, fee and commission income, surrender charges and income on foreclosure of policies. Income from our insurance
business increased by 18.1% from Rs. 312.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 368.6 billion in fiscal 2018 due to an increase in income
from both our life insurance and general insurance business.

Income from our life insurance business
increased from Rs. 242.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 291.3 billion in fiscal 2018. Income from our General insurance business
increased from Rs. 69.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 77.3 billion in fiscal 2018.

Net premium income of our life insurance
subsidiary increased from Rs. 221.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 267.0 billion in fiscal 2018. The premium income (gross of premium
on reinsurance ceded) of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 21.1% from Rs. 223.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs.
270.7 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in retail renewal premium and retail new business premium. Retail renewal
premium increased by 23.1% from Rs. 142.2 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 175.0 billion in fiscal 2018. Retail new business premium
increased by 18.9% from Rs. 70.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 84.0 billion in fiscal 2018. Group premium increased from Rs. 10.7
billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 11.7 billion in fiscal 2018.

Fee and other life insurance related income
of our life insurance subsidiary increased from Rs. 21.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 24.4 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due
to an increase in fund management charges, mortality charges and policy administration charges.

Net premium income of our general insurance
subsidiary increased from Rs. 60.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 67.0 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in motor
and health insurance business. Commission income of our general insurance subsidiary increased from Rs. 9.0 billion in fiscal 2017
to Rs. 10.3 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to higher re-insurance commissions on health, accidental and motor insurance business.

Miscellaneous income

Miscellaneous income increased from Rs.
1.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2.1 billion in fiscal 2018.

164

Non-Interest Expense

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of non-interest expense.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Payments to and provisions for employees   Rs.   78,933   Rs.   83,335   US$   1,205   5.6   %
Depreciation on own property   9,116   9,221   133   1.2
Auditor’s fees and expenses   251   259   4   3.2
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   276,982   336,374   4,864   21.4
Other administrative expenses   116,418   128,367   1,855   10.3
Total non-interest expenses   Rs.   481,700   Rs.   557,556   US$   8,061   15.7   %

Non-interest expense primarily includes
expenses relating to our insurance business, payment to and provision for employees and other administrative expenses. Operating
expenses increased by 15.7% from Rs. 481.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 557.6 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase
in expenses related to insurance business, other administrative expenses and payments to and provisions for employees.

Payments to and provisions for employees

Employee expenses increased by 5.6% from
Rs. 78.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 83.3 billion in fiscal 2018. Our employee base, including sales executives, employees on
fixed term contracts and interns, increased from 107,980 at year-end fiscal 2017 to 112,360 at year-end fiscal 2018.

The employee expenses of ICICI Bank increased
by 3.1% from Rs. 57.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 59.1 billion in fiscal 2018. Employee expenses increased primarily due to annual
increments and promotions and an increase in average staff strength. The average employee base of ICICI Bank, including sales executives,
employees on fixed term contracts and interns, increased from 79,671 employees in fiscal 2017 to 83,577 employees in fiscal 2018.
Further, there was an increase in provision for performance bonus and performance-linked retention pay. This increase in cost was
offset, in part, by a decrease in provision requirement for retirement benefit obligations due to an increase in discount rate
linked to government securities yield. Any change in the government securities yield in the future may impact our employee retirement
benefits obligation and subsequently employee costs.

The employee expenses of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company increased by 18.3% from Rs. 8.2 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 9.7 billion in fiscal 2018. The employee expenses
of ICICI Securities Limited increased by 12.3% from Rs. 4.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5.5 billion in fiscal 2018. The employee
expenses of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company increased by 8.5% from Rs. 4.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5.1 billion in
fiscal 2018. The employee expenses of ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company increased by 16.7% from Rs. 1.8 billion in fiscal
2017 to Rs. 2.1 billion in fiscal 2018.

Depreciation

Depreciation on owned properties increased
by 1.1% from Rs. 9.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 9.2 billion in fiscal 2018.

Other administrative expenses

Other administrative expenses primarily
include rent, taxes and lighting, advertisement and publicity, repairs and maintenance, direct marketing agency expenses and other
expenditures. Other administrative expenses increased by 10.3% from Rs. 116.4 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 128.4 billion in fiscal
2018 primarily due to an increase in expenses of ICICI Bank and our asset management subsidiary, offset, in part, by a decrease
in expenses of our life insurance subsidiary. Other administrative expenses of ICICI Bank increased from Rs. 82.6 billion in fiscal
2017 to Rs. 90.0 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due an increase in retail business volumes.

Other administrative expenses of our asset
management subsidiary increased from Rs. 4.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 7.2 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase
in distribution and fund expenses which is in line with the growth in business volumes.

165

Other administrative expenses of our life
insurance subsidiary decreased from Rs. 15.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 11.6 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to a decrease
in sales and marketing expenses.

Other administrative expenses of our general
insurance subsidiary increased from Rs. 15.2 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 15.8 billion in fiscal 2018.

Expenses related to our insurance business

Expenses related to our insurance business
include claims and benefit payouts, commission expenses and reserves for actuarial liability (including the investible portion
of the premium on unit-linked policies of our life insurance business). Expenses relating to our insurance business increased by
21.4% from Rs. 277.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 336.4 billion in fiscal 2018.

The expenses related to our life insurance
subsidiary increased from Rs. 223.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 277.0 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in
expenses related to reserves for actuarial liability (including the investible portion of the premium on unit-linked policies),
commission expenses and claims and benefit payouts.

The reserves for the actuarial liability
of the life insurance business (including the investible portion of the premium on unit-linked policies) increased from Rs. 209.2
billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 257.0 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in the volume of our unit-linked insurance
business. The investible portion of the premium on linked policies of our life insurance business represents the amount of premium,
including renewal premium received on linked policies of life insurance business invested, after deducting charges and the premium
for risk coverage, in the underlying fund. The claims and benefit payouts and commission expenses increased from Rs. 14.5 billion
in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 19.9 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due an increase in death claims, maturity claims and surrender claims
and higher commission expenses due to the change in product-mix and growth in total premium. In line with Indian accounting norms
for insurance companies, we do not amortize the customer acquisition cost, but account for the expenses as incurred.

The expenses related to our general insurance
subsidiary increased from Rs. 53.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 59.4 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in claims
and benefit payouts and commission expenses. Claims and benefit payouts increased from Rs. 49.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 53.1
billion in fiscal 2018, reflecting an increase in crop/weather insurance claims. The commission expenses increased from Rs. 3.8
billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 6.3 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in direct commission paid on motor insurance
business.

See also “
Business—Overview
of Our Products and Services—Insurance
”.

Provisions and contingencies (excluding
tax provisions)

Provisions
for Non-performing Assets and Restructured Loans

The Reserve Bank of India has substantially
expanded its guidance relating to the identification and classification of non-performing assets over the last four years, which
has resulted in an increase in our loans classified as non-performing and an increase in provisions.

Effective April 1, 2014, the Reserve Bank
of India issued guidelines which included a framework for early identification and resolution of stressed assets. The guidelines
introduced an asset classification category of “special mention accounts”, which comprised cases that were not yet
restructured or classified as non-performing but which exhibited early signs of stress, as determined by various parameters. Banks
were required to share data with each other on a category of special mention accounts, form joint lenders’ forums and devise
action plans for the joint resolution of these accounts.

From April 1, 2015 onwards, loans that
were restructured (other than due to a delay in project implementation up to specified periods) have to be classified as non-performing
assets. Loans to projects under implementation that are restructured due to a delay in implementation of the project (up to a specified
period) enjoy forbearance in classification as non-performing assets, subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions stipulated
by the Reserve Bank of India.

During the three months ended December
31, 2015, against the backdrop of continuing challenges in the corporate sector, the Reserve Bank of India articulated an objective
of early and conservative recognition of stress and provisioning and held discussions with and asked a number of Indian banks,
including us, to review certain loan accounts and their classification over the six months ended March 31, 2016. As a result of
the challenges faced by the corporate sector and the discussions with and review by the Reserve Bank of India, non-performing loans
increased significantly in the banking system during the second half of fiscal 2016.

166

In April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India
directed banks to put in place board-approved policies for making provisions for standard assets at rates higher than those prescribed
by the Reserve Bank of India, based on industry sectors and an assessment of sectoral risks and trends. In particular, the Reserve
Bank of India highlighted risks in the telecom sector and directed banks to complete the assessment with respect to this sector
by June 30, 2017. Furthermore, in April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India required banks to disclose the divergence in asset classification
and provisioning between what banks report and what the Reserve Bank of India assesses through the Reserve Bank of India’s
annual supervisory process. The disclosure is required if either the additional provisioning requirement assessed by the Reserve
Bank of India exceeds 15.0% of the published net profits after tax for the period, or the additional gross non-performing assets
identified by the Reserve Bank of India exceeds 15.0% of the published incremental gross non-performing assets for the reference
period, or both.

In June 2017, the Reserve Bank of India
directed banks to commence proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, enacted in 2016, in respect of certain corporate
borrowers. Under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, a resolution plan for these borrowers would be required to be finalized within
specified timeframes, failing which the borrowers would go into liquidation. The Reserve Bank of India has also specified higher
provisions in respect of loans to these borrowers. In August 2017, the Reserve Bank of India identified additional accounts and
directed banks to initiate insolvency resolution process under the provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code by December
31, 2017 if a resolution plan where the residual debt was rated investment grade by two external credit rating agencies was not
implemented by December 13, 2017. Given that the process of resolution of accounts referred under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy
Code is still evolving, with periodic amendments being incorporated into the framework as well as litigation and judicial decisions
impacting the framework, there is uncertainty regarding the impact of resolution of these borrowers and whether such resolution
will be achieved.

In February 2018, the Reserve Bank of India
issued directions and guidelines aimed at time-bound resolution of non-performing and stressed borrowers, withdrawal of earlier
resolution schemes and commencement of proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code in respect of borrowers where a resolution
satisfying specified criteria could not be achieved within a prescribed timeframe. Apart from the withdrawal of earlier resolution
mechanisms, the guidelines have also withdrawn the Joint Lenders’ Forum, a committee formed by banks to explore options for
resolution. The guidelines withdrew the standstill benefit for classification of borrower accounts and resulted in banks, including
us, classifying assets under the resolution schemes of the Reserve Bank of India as non-performing on an accelerated basis.

ICICI Bank classifies its assets, including
those in overseas branches, as performing and non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. ICICI Home
Finance Company classifies its loans and other credit facilities in accordance with the guidelines of its regulator, the National
Housing Bank. Our overseas banking subsidiaries classify a loan as impaired only if there is objective evidence of impairment as
a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition on the loan (a loss event) and the loss event has an
impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. Under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines,
non-performing assets are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on certain pre-defined criteria. Loans held
at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than record of recovery
but which are standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines are identified as non-performing assets to the extent
the loan amount is outstanding in the host country. Our non-performing assets include loans and advances as well as credit substitutes,
which are funded credit exposures. The Reserve Bank of India has separate guidelines for restructured loans.

From April 1, 2015 onwards, loans that
are restructured are classified as non-performing, other than loans already restructured prior to March 31, 2015 or where the restructuring
was proposed prior to April 1, 2015 and was effected subsequently within prescribed timelines. However, loans granted for implementation
of projects that are restructured due to a delay in implementation of the project (up to a specified period) continue to enjoy
forbearance in asset classification subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India. See
also “
Business—Classification of Loans
”.

ICICI Bank makes provisions on standard,
sub-standard and doubtful assets at rates prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful
assets are provided for/written off as required by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. For loans and advances of overseas branches,
we make provisions as per the Reserve Bank of India regulations or host country regulations, whichever is higher. We make provisions
on retail non-performing loans at the borrower level in accordance with our retail assets provisioning policy, subject to the minimum
provisioning levels prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and
advances and against certain performing loans and advances in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India directions, including the
Reserve Bank of India direction for additional provision on accounts referred to

167

the National Company Law Tribunal under the
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. We hold higher specific provisions on retail loans and advances than the minimum regulatory requirement.

In respect of non-retail loans reported
as fraudulent to the Reserve Bank of India and classified in doubtful category, the entire amount, without considering the value
of security, is provided for over a period of four quarters starting from the quarter in which fraud has been detected. In respect
of non-retail loans where there has been a delay in reporting the fraud to the Reserve Bank of India or which are classified as
loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In the case of fraud in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided
immediately. We make provisions on restructured/rescheduled loans and advances in accordance with the applicable Reserve Bank of
India guidelines on restructuring of loans and advances by banks. In addition to the specific provision on non-performing assets,
we maintain a general provision on standard loans and advances and restructured/rescheduled loans and advances at rates prescribed
by the Reserve Bank of India. For standard loans and advances in overseas branches, we hold a general provision at the higher of
host country regulatory requirements and the Reserve Bank of India requirements. The Bank also makes additional general provision
on loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors. The Bank may create floating provision for the year, in excess of
the specific and general provision, as per Board approved policy. The floating provision can only be utilized, with the approval
of Board and the Reserve Bank of India.

See also “
Business—Loan
portfolio—Classification of Loans
”.

Non-performing Assets

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, certain information regarding non-performing assets.

At March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Opening balance (gross non-performing assets)   Rs.   293,216   Rs.   458,861   US$   6,635   56.5   %
Add: New non-performing assets during the year   348,281   295,969   4,279   (15.0   )
Less: Loans upgraded to performing during the year   (10,078   )   (38,668   )   (559   )   283.7
Less: Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (46,401   ) (1)   (48,103   ) (1)   (696   )   3.7
Less: Write-offs   (126,157   )   (92,798   )   (1,342   )   (26.4   )
Gross non-performing assets (2)   Rs.   458,861   Rs.   575,261   US$   8,318   25.4
Provisions for non-performing assets (2)   (188,530   )   (281,714   )   (4,073   )   49.4
Net non-performing assets (2)   Rs.   270,331   Rs.   293,547   US$   4,244   8.6
Gross customer assets   Rs.   5,923,253   Rs.   6,681,141   US$   96,604   12.8
Net customer assets   Rs.   5,720,375   Rs.   6,393,368   US$   92,443   11.8
Gross non-performing assets as a percentage of gross customer assets   7.7   %   8.6   %
Net non-performing assets as a percentage of net customer assets   4.7   %   4.6   %

(1)   Includes non-performing assets transferred to asset reconstruction
companies primarily in exchange for the receipt of securities in the form of pass through instruments.

(2)   Includes loans identified as non-performing/impaired in line with the guidelines issued by regulators of the respective subsidiary.

During fiscal 2018, the additions to non-performing
loans remained elevated due to a slowdown in economic activity and particularly due to changes in the Reserve Bank of India’s
guidelines with regard to the resolution of stressed assets that accelerated the additions to non-performing loans. The Reserve
Bank of India introduced a new framework for the resolution of stressed assets in February 2018. The new framework withdrew the
existing guidelines on restructuring of stressed assets, including strategic debt restructuring, change in ownership outside strategic
debt restructuring and the scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets with immediate effect. Under the revised framework,
the stand-still benefits in asset classification of borrower accounts where any of these schemes had been invoked but not yet implemented
were withdrawn resulting in accelerated classification of assets under the resolution schemes of the Reserve Bank of India as non-performing.

168

These developments have led to a significant
increase in non-performing loans, including slippages from restructured loans, for banks, including us. It has also led to higher
provisioning requirements.

The gross additions to non-performing commercial
loans decreased from Rs. 332.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 267.2 billion in fiscal 2018. During fiscal 2018, we upgraded non-performing
commercial loans amounting to Rs. 34.6 billion and made recoveries of non-performing commercial loans amounting to Rs. 39.9 billion.
During fiscal 2018, commercial loans amounting to Rs. 88.7 billion were written-off as compared to Rs. 124.0 billion in fiscal
2017 based on a borrower-specific evaluation of the probability of recovery and collectability of the loans. Gross non-performing
commercial loans increased from Rs. 430.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 534.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

At year end fiscal 2016, ICICI Bank had
disclosed its fund based exposure and outstanding non-fund based facilities internally rated below investment grade (excluding
borrowers classified as non-performing or restructured) to the iron and steel, mining, power, rigs and cement sectors and promoter
entities internally rated below investment grade where the underlying was partly linked to these sectors, amounting to Rs. 440.7
billion. The aggregate fund based exposure and outstanding non-fund based facilities to companies that were internally rated below
investment grade in the above sectors and promoter entities decreased from Rs. 440.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2016 to Rs. 190.4
billion at year-end fiscal 2017, which further decreased to Rs. 47.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. The decrease in fiscal 2018
was on account of slippage of loans of Rs. 135.5 billion to non-performing category, a net reduction in exposure of Rs. 20.3 billion,
exclusion of outstanding non-fund based facilities for borrowers classified as non-performing asset amounting to Rs. 12.3 billion
and upgrade of ratings of loans of Rs. 0.2 billion, offset, in part, by a downgrade of ratings of loans of Rs. 25.2 billion.

Gross additions to non-performing consumer
loans were Rs. 28.8 billion in fiscal 2018 as compared to Rs. 15.9 billion in fiscal 2017. During fiscal 2018, we upgraded non-performing
consumer loans of Rs. 4.1 billion as compared to Rs. 5.3 billion in fiscal 2017. During fiscal 2018, we made recoveries against
non-performing consumer loans of Rs. 8.2 billion (fiscal 2017: Rs. 7.2 billion) and written-off loans of Rs. 4.1 billion (fiscal
2017: Rs. 2.1 billion). Gross non-performing consumer loans increased from Rs. 28.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 40.5
billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

As a result of above, our gross non-performing
assets increased by 25.4% from Rs. 458.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 575.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Our net
non-performing assets increased by 8.6% from Rs. 270.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 293.5 billion at year-end fiscal
2018. The net non-performing asset ratio decreased from 4.7% at year-end fiscal 2017 to 4.6% at year-end fiscal 2018.

The total non-fund based outstanding to
borrowers classified as non-performing was Rs. 29.8 billion at March 31, 2018.

See also “
Business—Classification
of Loans—Non-performing Assets
”.

Restructured Loans

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, information regarding roll-forward and average balances of standard restructured loans.

At March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Opening balance (gross restructured loans)   Rs.   98,674   Rs.   50,855   US$   735   (48.5   )%
Add: Loans restructured during the year   5,826   7   0   (99.9   )
Add: Increase in loans outstanding in respect of previously restructured loans/borrowers   1,112   2,161   31   (94.3   )
Less: Loans upgraded to standard category during the year   -   -   (-)   (100.0   )
Less: Loans downgraded to non-performing category during the year   (48,428   )   (22,838   )   (330   )   (52.8   )
Less: Repayments/change in management/converted to equity shares during the year   (6,329   )   (11,605   )   (168   )   (83.4   )
Gross restructured loans   Rs.   50,855   Rs.   18,579   US$   269   (63.5   )
Provisions for restructured loans   (3,012   )   (628   )   (9   )   (79.1   )
Net restructured loans   Rs.   47,843   Rs.   17,951   US$   260   (62.5   )
Average balance of net restructured loans (1)   Rs.   70,350   Rs.   27,586   US$   399   (60.8   )
Gross customer assets   Rs.   5,923,253   Rs.   6,681,141   US$   96,604   12.8
Net customer assets   Rs.   5,720,375   Rs.   6,393,368   US$   92,443   11.8
Gross restructured loans as a percentage of gross customer assets   0.9   %   0.3   %
Net restructured loans as a percentage of net customer assets   0.8   %   0.3   %

(1)   The average balance is the average of quarterly balances
outstanding at the end of March of the previous year and June, September, December and March of the current year.

(2)   Based on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines effective
fiscal 2013, restructured loans include all loans to a borrower where any of the loan facilities have been restructured.

169

During fiscal 2018, we restructured loans
of borrowers classified as standard, as well as made additional disbursements to borrowers whose loans had been restructured in
prior years, aggregating Rs. 2.2 billion, as compared to Rs. 6.9 billion during fiscal 2017. Further, during fiscal 2018, restructured
standard loans amounting to Rs. 22.8 billion were classified as non-performing due to failure of borrowers to perform as per restructured
debt terms, compared to Rs. 48.4 billion during fiscal 2017. Restructured loans that were repaid or converted into equity shares
or for which a change in management was effected amounted to Rs. 11.6 billion in fiscal 2018, as compared to Rs. 6.3 billion in
fiscal 2017. The gross outstanding standard restructured loans decreased by 63.5% from Rs. 50.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017
to Rs. 18.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 and the net outstanding restructured loans decreased by 62.5% from Rs. 47.8 billion
at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 18.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

Further, at year-end fiscal 2018, ICICI
Bank’s outstanding non-fund based facilities to borrowers whose loans were classified as restructured were Rs. 4.0 billion.

The net standard restructured loans, as
a percentage of net customer assets, decreased from 0.8% at year-end fiscal 2017 to 0.3% at year-end fiscal 2018. The outstanding
provision on restructured loans (including the provision for funded interest) decreased from Rs. 3.0 billion at year-end fiscal
2017 to Rs. 0.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Provisions
for Non-performing Assets and Restructured Loans
”.

The aggregate gross non-performing assets
and gross standard restructured loans increased by Rs. 84.1 billion, or 16.5%, from Rs. 509.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to
Rs. 593.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. The aggregate net non-performing assets and net restructured loans decreased by Rs.
6.7 billion, or 2.1%, from Rs. 318.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 311.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

The Reserve Bank of India issued various
schemes for the resolution of stressed borrower accounts. The Reserve Bank of India announced guidelines on strategic debt restructuring
in fiscal 2016, under which the conversion of debt into equity was allowed, which resulted in the acquisition of ownership interests
in the borrowers by banks. On the conversion of debt into equity, banks were allowed to continue with the existing asset classification
for an 18-month period (stand-still benefit). Apart from the strategic debt restructuring scheme, the Reserve Bank of India also
issued guidelines with respect to loans to borrowers, allowing a change in ownership of the borrowers outside the strategic debt
restructuring framework. This guideline allowed the stand-still benefits in asset classification of borrowers in-line with the
strategic debt restructuring scheme. In fiscal 2017, the scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets was introduced,
which sought to strengthen the ability of banks to undertake the resolution of large borrower accounts that were facing financial
difficulties on account of delays in completing large projects. The scheme aimed at enabling lenders to initiate deep financial
restructuring, subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions, for the sustainable revival of projects. The scheme envisaged
bifurcation of the current dues of a borrower into sustainable debt and other than sustainable debt as per an independent study
of the viability of the borrower’s operations. The scheme also envisaged that the asset classification of the borrower as
on a ‘reference date’ (date on which the lenders jointly decide to invoke the scheme) would continue for a period of
180 days (stand-still period).

On February 12, 2018, the Reserve Bank
of India issued a revised framework for the resolution of stressed assets, which superseded the existing guidelines on strategic
debt restructuring, change in ownership outside strategic debt restructuring (except projects under implementation) and scheme
for sustainable structuring of stressed assets with

170

immediate effect. Under the revised framework, the stand-still
benefits in asset classification of borrower accounts where any of these schemes had been invoked but not yet implemented were
withdrawn and the accounts were classified as per the extant Reserve Bank of India norms on asset classification. Hence, the Bank
classified loans where any of these schemes had been invoked but not implemented as non-performing at year-end fiscal 2018.

At year-end fiscal 2018, the Bank had outstanding
strategic debt restructuring loans of nil (at year-end fiscal 2017: Rs. 52.4 billion) where strategic debt restructuring had been
implemented, out of which nil (at year-end fiscal 2017: Rs. 16.6 billion) was classified as restructured loans.

At year-end fiscal 2018, the Bank had initiated
the process/implemented for change of ownership outside the strategic debt restructuring scheme in one borrower account classified
as a standard account with a gross balance outstanding of nil (at year-end fiscal 2017: Rs. 51.1 billion).

At year-end fiscal 2018, the Bank had implemented
the scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed asset in five standard borrower accounts with an aggregate balance outstanding
of Rs. 5.5 billion (at year-end fiscal 2017: Rs. 2.9 billion), comprising Rs. 2.9 billion (at year-end fiscal 2017: Rs. 1.5 billion)
of sustainable debt and Rs. 2.6 billion (at year-end fiscal 2017: Rs. 1.4 billion) of unsustainable debt. Of these accounts, one
account (at year-end fiscal 2017: Nil) with an aggregate balance outstanding of Rs. 0.2 billion (at year-end fiscal 2017: Nil)
had been classified as non-performing asset at year-end fiscal 2018. Further, the Bank has implemented scheme for sustainable structuring
of stressed asset in one non-performing borrower account (at year-end fiscal 2017: Nil) with an aggregate balance outstanding of
Rs. 2.3 billion (at year-end fiscal 2017: Nil), comprising Rs. 1.3 billion (at year-end fiscal 2017: Nil) of sustainable debt (upgraded
to standard) and Rs. 1.0 billion (at year-end fiscal 2017: Nil) of unsustainable debt. The outstanding loans where a change of
ownership scheme was invoked for projects under implementation were Rs. 2.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2018(at year-end fiscal
2017: Nil).

The Reserve Bank of India had issued guidelines
permitting banks to refinance long-term project loans for infrastructure and other core industries at periodic intervals without
such refinancing being considered as restructuring. Accordingly, the portfolio of such loans for which refinancing under the long-term
project loans for infrastructure and other core industries had been implemented was Rs. 60.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 out
of which Rs. 21.2 billion was classified as performing loans. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating
to Advancing Loans
”.

In fiscal 2018, we sold commercial loans
made to 12 borrowers with an aggregate book value (net of provision) of Rs. 2.7 billion to asset reconstruction companies. In fiscal
2017, we sold commercial loans made to 35 borrowers with an aggregate book value (net of provision) of Rs. 37.1 billion to asset
reconstruction companies. See also
“Business—Classification of Loans—Non-Performing Asset Strategy”.

Provisions and contingencies

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the composition of provisions and contingencies, excluding provisions for tax.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Provision for investments (net)   Rs.   9,364   Rs.   19,489   US$   282   -
Provision for non-performing and other assets   157,453   147,516   2,133   (6.3   )%
Provision for standard assets   (3,734   )   2,960   43   -
Others   2,742   9,764   141   -
Total provisions and contingencies (excluding tax)   Rs.   165,825   Rs.   179,729   US$   2,599   8.4   %

Provisions and contingencies increased
by 8.4% from Rs. 165.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 179.7 billion in fiscal 2018.

Provision for non-performing and other
assets remained elevated at Rs. 147.5 billion in fiscal 2018 as compared to Rs. 157.5 billion in fiscal 2017 primarily due to high
additions to non-performing assets in the corporate and small and medium enterprises loan portfolio, provision on certain cases
referred to National Company Law Tribunal under the provisions of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code and provisions on loans classified
as non-performing in earlier years.

171

During the six months ended September 30,
2017, the Reserve Bank of India advised the banks to initiate insolvency resolution process under the provisions of Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code for certain specific accounts. The Reserve Bank of India also required the banks to make provision at 50% of
the secured portion and 100% of unsecured portion, or provision as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guideline on asset classification
norms, whichever is higher. Subsequently, in April 2018, the Reserve Bank of India revised the provisioning requirements in respect
of these specified cases from 50% of secured portion to 40% of secured portion at year-end fiscal 2018 and to 50% of the secured
portion at three months ended June 30, 2018.

In fiscal 2018, we also made a provision
for frauds amounting to Rs. 5.3 billion through reserves and surplus on certain non-retail accounts, which will be reversed and
recognized through profit and loss account in fiscal 2019, as permitted by the Reserve Bank of India.

Provision for investments increased from
Rs. 9.4 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 19.5 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to provision on equity shares, bonds and debentures
and preference shares on loan conversion cases under strategic debt restructuring and scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed
assets.

Provision for standard assets increased
from a reversal of Rs. 3.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to a provision of Rs. 3.0 billion in fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2017, reversal of
provision for standard assets was primarily due to higher slippages from standard assets to non-performing assets and invocation
of strategic debt restructuring in certain stressed assets, where the Bank made specific provision in accordance with the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines. In April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India through its circular advised the banks that the provisioning
rates prescribed under the prudential norms circular are the regulatory minimum and banks are encouraged to make provisions at
higher rates in respect of advances to stressed sectors of the economy and had specifically highlighted the telecom sector. Accordingly,
during fiscal 2018, the Bank as per its Board approved policy made additional general provision amounting to Rs. 1.91 billion on
standard loans to borrowers. We held a cumulative general provision of Rs. 28.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 compared to Rs.
25.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2017.

Other provisions and contingencies increased
from Rs. 2.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 9.8 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to provision made on assets acquired under
debt asset swap in fiscal 2018 as per the Reserve Bank of India’s direction.

The Bank’s provisioning coverage
ratio (specific provisions as a percentage of non-performing advances) at year-end fiscal 2018, computed in accordance with the
Reserve Bank of India guidelines, was 47.7%.

See also “
Business—Classification
of Loans—Non-Performing Assets
” and “
Business—Classification of Loans—Restructured Loans
”.

Tax Expense

Income tax expense decreased by 23.9% from
Rs. 24.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 18.8 billion in fiscal 2018. The effective tax rate decreased from 17.9% in fiscal 2017
to 17.1% in fiscal 2018 primarily due to a decrease in the effective tax rate of the Bank, offset, in part, by higher profit before
taxes in domestic subsidiaries.

Income tax expense of the Bank decreased
by 55.5% from Rs. 14.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 6.6 billion in fiscal 2018. The effective tax rate of the Bank decreased from
13.1% in fiscal 2017 to 8.8% in fiscal 2018 primarily due to long-term capital gain from the sale of shares of ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited, which is exempt from income tax.

Income tax expenses of our securities broking
subsidiary increased from Rs. 1.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 3.0 billion in fiscal 2018 and our general insurance subsidiary
from Rs. 2.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 3.3 billion in fiscal 2018.

Financial Condition

172

Assets

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, the principal components of assets.

At March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Cash and cash equivalents   Rs.   804,909   Rs.   889,991   US$   12,869   10.6   %
Investments   3,043,733   3,722,077   53,818   22.3
Advances (net of provisions)   5,153,173   5,668,542   81,963   10.0
Fixed assets   93,380   94,650   1,369   1.4
Other assets   762,052   867,550   12,544   13.8
Total assets   Rs.   9,857,247   Rs.   11,242,810   US$   162,563   14.1   %

(1)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period classification.

Our total assets increased by 14.1% from
Rs. 9,857.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 11,242.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in investments,
net advances and other assets. Net advances increased by 10.0% from Rs. 5,153.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5,668.5
billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Investments increased by 22.3% from Rs. 3,043.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 3,722.1
billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Other assets increased by 13.8% from Rs. 762.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 867.6 billion
at year-end fiscal 2018.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash
in hand and balances with the Reserve Bank of India and other banks, including money at call and short notice. Cash and cash equivalents
increased from Rs. 804.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 890.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase
in balances with banks outside India and foreign currency term money lent, offset, in part, by a decrease in money lent at call
and short notice.

Investments

Total investments increased by 22.3% from
Rs. 3,043.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 3,722.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Investments of ICICI Bank increased
from Rs. 1,615.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,029.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in
investments in government securities, commercial paper, bonds and debentures and certificate of deposits.

Investments of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company increased from Rs. 1,204.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,370.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Investments
held to cover linked liabilities increased from Rs. 878.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 975.0 billion at year-end fiscal
2018 primarily due to an increase in investment in equity shares and corporate bonds. Investments, other than investments held
to cover linked liabilities, increased from Rs. 325.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 395.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018
primarily due to an increase in investment in government securities and equity shares.

Investments of ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company increased from Rs. 146.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 180.3 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase
in investment in debentures, bonds and equity shares.

Investments of ICICI Securities Primary
Dealership Limited increased from Rs. 94.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 154.5 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to
an increase in investment in government securities portfolio.

Investments of ICICI Bank UK increased
by 18.4% from Rs. 44.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 52.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase
in investment in government securities. ICICI Bank Canada’s investment portfolio decreased by 32.7% from Rs. 32.6 billion
at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 22.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to maturity/closures of treasury bills and bankers’
acceptances.

Our total investment in Indian government
securities increased from Rs. 1,401.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,803.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

At year-end fiscal 2018, the Bank had an
outstanding net investment of Rs. 34.4 billion in security receipts issued by asset reconstruction companies in relation to sales
of non-performing assets, compared to Rs. 32.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017. See also “
Business—Overview of Our
Products and Services—Treasury
”.

Advances

Net advances increased by 10.0% from Rs.
5,153.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5,668.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in retail advances.

173

Net advances of the Bank increased by 10.4%
from Rs. 4,642.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5,124.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Net retail advances of ICICI Bank
increased by 20.6% from Rs. 2,403.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,898.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Net advances
of our overseas branches decreased by 14.1% from Rs. 749.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 644.3 billion at year-end fiscal
2018. Net advances of ICICI Home Finance increased by 7.1% from Rs. 88.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 95.2 billion at
year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to higher disbursement of retail loans.

Advances of ICICI Bank UK increased marginally
from Rs. 153.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 155.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

Advances of ICICI Bank Canada increased
from Rs. 272.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 290.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 primarily due to an increase in corporate
loans and mortgage originations during fiscal 2018. See also “
Business – Loan Portfolio
”.

Fixed and other assets

Fixed assets include premises, furniture
and fixtures, assets given on lease and other fixed assets. Fixed assets increased by 1.4% from Rs. 93.4 billion at year-end fiscal
2017 to Rs. 94.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Other assets increased from Rs. 762.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs.
867.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in trade receivables, rural infrastructure and development fund
and related deposits and deferred tax assets of the Bank and an increase in premium receivables of our general insurance subsidiary.

Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, the principal components of liabilities and stockholders’ equity.

At March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Deposits   Rs.   5,125,873   Rs.   5,857,961   US$   84,702   14.3   %
Borrowings (1)   1,882,868   2,294,018   33,170   21.8
Other liabilities   1,753,533   1,924,452   27,826   9.7
Total liabilities   8,762,274   10,076,431   145,698   15.0
Minority interest   48,653   60,082   869   23.5
Equity share capital   11,651   12,858   186   10.4
Reserves and surplus (2)   1,034,669   1,093,439   15,810   5.7
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   Rs.   9,857,247   Rs.   11,242,810   US$   162,563   14.1   %

(1)   Includes subordinated debt and redeemable non-cumulative preference shares.

(2)   Includes employees’ stock options outstanding.

(3)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified
where necessary to conform to current period classification.

Our total liabilities (including capital
and reserves) increased by 14.1% from Rs. 9,857.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 11,242.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018,
primarily due to an increase in deposits, borrowings and other liabilities.

Deposits

Deposits increased by 14.3% from Rs. 5,125.9
billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5,858.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Deposits of ICICI Bank increased by 14.5% from
Rs. 4,900.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5,609.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Savings account deposits increased
by 17.0% from Rs. 1,718.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,009.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 and current account deposits
increased by 18.6% from Rs. 749.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 889.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Term deposits increased
by 11.4% from Rs. 2,432.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,710.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. The current account and
savings account deposits increased by 17.5% from Rs. 2,468.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,899.3 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018. Deposits of overseas branches decreased by 28.4% from Rs. 69.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 49.6 billion
at year-end fiscal 2018. At year-end fiscal 2018, deposits of the Bank formed 75.4% of the funding (i.e., deposits and borrowings).
See also
“Business—Funding”.

174

Deposits of ICICI Bank Canada increased
from Rs. 124.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 142.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 due to an increase in term deposits
and current account deposits, offset, in part, by a decrease in savings account deposits. Term deposits increased from Rs. 84.9
billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 102.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Current account deposits increased from Rs. 10.1
billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 14.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Savings account deposits decreased from Rs. 29.2 billion
at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 25.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

Deposits of ICICI Bank UK increased from
Rs. 106.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 114.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in current
and savings deposits, offset, in part, by a decrease in term deposits.

Borrowings

Borrowings increased by 21.8% from Rs.
1,882.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,294.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. Borrowings of ICICI Bank increased by 23.9%
from Rs. 1,475.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,828.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in
borrowings with the Reserve Bank of India under liquidity adjustment facility, refinance borrowings and foreign currency call money
borrowings, offset, in part, by a decrease in foreign currency subordinated bond borrowings. Net borrowings of overseas branches
decreased by 1.3% from Rs. 803.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 813.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

Borrowings of ICICI Bank UK increased from
Rs. 81.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 102.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in inter-bank,
long-term borrowings and borrowings from central bank under Term Funding Scheme. Borrowings of ICICI Bank Canada decreased from
Rs. 150.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 145.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2018, primarily due to a net repayment of securitized
borrowings. Borrowings of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Company increased from Rs. 98.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to
Rs. 155.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the
Reserve Bank of India and refinance borrowings. Borrowings of ICICI Home Finance Company increased from Rs. 74.2 billion at year-end
fiscal 2017 to Rs. 81.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in bond borrowings. See also “
Business—Funding
”.

Other liabilities

Other liabilities primarily consist of
sundry creditors, bills payable and liabilities on insurance policies in force pertaining to our insurance subsidiaries. Other
liabilities increased by 9.7% from Rs. 1,753.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,924.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018,
primarily due to an increase in liabilities on policies in force of our life insurance business by Rs. 159.9 billion from Rs. 1,155.0
billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,314.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

Equity share capital and reserves

Stockholders’ equity increased from
Rs. 1,046.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,106.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to the annual accretion
to reserves out of profit.

Consolidated
Cash Flow statement

Please
refer to “
Consolidated financial Statements—Consolidated cash flow statements
”.

Cash
and cash equivalents increased by 10.6% from Rs. 804.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to
Rs
.
890.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

The
net cash inflow from operating activities decreased from Rs. 526.4 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 193.8 billion in fiscal 2018
primarily due to a higher increase in investments (other than held-to-maturity investments) and advances and lower increase in
other liabilities, offset, in part, by a higher increase in deposits in fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017.

The
net cash outflow from investing activities increased from Rs. 16.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 505.7 billion in fiscal 2018
primarily due to a higher net purchase of held-to-maturity securities as compared to fiscal 2017.

There was
a net cash inflow from financing activities of Rs. 396.8 billion in fiscal 2018 as compared to a net cash outflow of Rs. 354.7
billion in fiscal 2017 primarily due to a net increase in short-term borrowings of Rs. 383.8 billion in fiscal 2018 as compared
to a net decrease in short-term borrowings of Rs. 217.9 billion and a net repayment of long-term borrowings amounting to Rs. 104.3
billion in fiscal 2017.

Off Balance Sheet Items, Commitments and
Contingencies

Foreign Exchange and Derivatives Contracts

We enter into foreign exchange forwards,
options, swaps and other derivatives products to enable customers to transfer, modify or reduce their foreign exchange and interest
rate risks and to manage our own interest rate and foreign exchange positions. These instruments are used to manage foreign exchange
and interest rate risk relating to specific groups of on-balance sheet assets and liabilities.

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, the notional amount and fair value of foreign exchange and interest rate derivatives contracts.

Notional principal amounts   Balance
                                         sheet fair value (1)
At March 31,   At March 31,
2017   2018   2019   2019   2017   2018   2019   2019
(in millions)
Interest rate products:
Swap agreements   Rs.   6,118,473   Rs.   11,788,157   Rs.   18,272,117   US$   264,201   Rs.   3,795   Rs.   (4,784   )   Rs.   475   US$   7
Others   65,252   86,932   105,336   1,523   150   70   (128   )   (2   )
Total interest rate products   Rs.   6,183,725   Rs.   11,875,089   Rs.   18,377,453   US$   265,724   Rs.   3,945   Rs.   (4,714   )   Rs.   347   US$   5
Foreign exchange products:
Forward contracts   Rs.   4,446,642   Rs.   4,461,284   Rs.   4,446,960   US$   64,300   Rs.   (538   )   Rs.   (1,916   )   Rs.   (3,109   )   US$   (45   )
Swap agreements   411,069   417,771   426,896   6,173   9,062   8,765   7,299   106
Others   518,974   578,555   1,178,985   17,047   (2,131   )   163   (2,581   )   (37   )
Total foreign exchange
    products   Rs.   5,376,684   Rs.   5,457,610   Rs.   6,052,841   US$   87,519   Rs.   6,393   Rs.   7,012   Rs.   1,609   US$   23

(1)   Denotes the net mark-to-market impact of the derivatives and foreign exchange products on the reporting date.

175

The notional principal amount of interest
rate products increased from Rs. 11,875.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 18,377.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily
due to an increase in the turnover of overnight index swaps. These transactions are done for trading and market-making purposes
with a view to manage the interest rate risk. The credit exposure on interest rate derivatives increased from Rs. 131.7 billion
at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 211.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The notional principal amount of foreign exchange products
increased from Rs. 5,457.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 6,052.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The credit exposure
on foreign exchange derivatives increased from Rs. 207.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 225.9 billion at year-end fiscal
2019.

An interest rate swap does not entail the
exchange of notional principal, and the cash flow arises because of the difference between the interest rate pay and receive portions
of the swap, which is generally much lower than the notional principal of the swap. A large proportion of interest rate swaps,
currency swaps and forward exchange contracts are on account of market making, which involves providing regular two-way prices
to customers or inter-bank counter-parties. This results in the generation of a higher number of outstanding transactions, and
hence a large value of gross notional principal of the portfolio. For example, if a transaction entered into with a customer is
covered by an exactly opposite transaction entered into with another counterparty, the net market risk of the two transactions
will be zero whereas the notional principal amount of the portfolio will be the sum of both transactions. We had no funded or non-funded
credit derivatives instruments at year-end fiscal 2019.

Securitization

The Bank primarily securitizes retail loans
through securitization transactions involving special purpose entities, usually constituted as trusts. Post securitization of the
loans, we continue to act as the servicing agent and maintain customer account relationships and service these set of loans transferred
to the securitization trusts. The securitization transactions can be either with or without credit enhancement. In accordance with
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines for securitization of standard assets, the Bank accounts for any loss arising from securitization
immediately at the time of sale and the profit/premium arising from securitization is amortized over the life of the transaction
based on the method prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank acts in different capacities and
under different contracts for a consideration including as originator, liquidity facility provider, servicing agent credit enhancement
provider, underwriter, senior contributor etc.

In a securitization transaction, the excess
interest spreads from the underlying assets in securitization transactions are generally subordinated to provide credit enhancement.
In addition to the subordination of excess interest spreads, the Bank in a separate capacity provides external credit enhancement
facilities to mitigate cash flow shortfalls that may arise from the underlying asset delinquencies. These facilities include first
loss credit enhancement representing the first or primary level of protection provided to bring the ratings accorded to the beneficial
interests of senior contributors to investment grade. The Bank also provides second loss credit enhancement representing a subsequent
level of protection provided to protect the beneficiaries against further cash flow shortfalls. The Bank has provided credit enhancement
(first loss and second loss enhancement) on the securitized pools originated by the Bank and guarantees (second loss enhancement)
provided to the pools originated by a third party. The Bank, in a separate capacity, provides liquidity facilities to help smoothen
the timing differences faced by the special purpose vehicles between the receipt of cash flows from the underlying assets and the
payments to be made to the investors. The liquidity facility enjoys a priority of claim over the future cash flows from the underlying
assets, which is even senior to the claims of the senior contributors.

With respect to the securitized pools originated
by the Bank, the first loss and second loss credit enhancements are provided either in the form of undertakings or cash collateral
in a current account operated by the trust.

176

The total outstanding first loss credit
enhancements at year-end fiscal 2019 were Rs. 2.0 billion and second loss credit enhancements were Rs. 1.4 billion for securitized
pools originated by the Bank. With respect to the second loss guarantees provided to the third party originated pools, the outstanding
at year-end fiscal 2019 was Rs. 4.9 billion.

Our Canadian subsidiary has entered into
securitization arrangements in respect of its self-originated and/or purchased (originated by third parties) insured residential
mortgages, to issue National Housing Act Mortgage-backed Securities and also participates in Canada Mortgage Bonds program as a
seller. The National Housing Act Mortgage-backed Securities are backed by amortizing residential mortgages insured by the Canada
Mortgage and Housing Corporation or other private mortgage insurers. The Canada Mortgage Bonds, introduced by Canada Mortgage and
Housing Corporation, is a guaranteed, semi-annual coupon, bullet-maturity bond. Canada Mortgage Bonds are issued by a special purpose
trust, known as Canada Housing Trust.

As required under the Canada Mortgage Bonds
program, our Canadian subsidiary, as an issuer, has undertaken to remit monthly payments of principal and interest accrued which
is due on the mortgage loans in the pool(s) to the Central Paying Agent who acts on behalf of the Canada Housing Trust. ICICI Bank
Canada has also undertaken to make the payments to the Central Paying Agent on the due dates even if the corresponding amounts
have not been received and collected from the customer(s) in respect with the mortgages in the pools. At year-end fiscal 2019,
the outstanding balance of such securitized insured mortgages were CAD 2.8 billion.

Loan Commitments

We have outstanding undrawn commitments
to provide loans and financing to customers. These loan commitments aggregated to Rs. 1,560.6 billion (including fund-based commitments
fungible with non-fund-based facilities) at year-end fiscal 2019, compared to Rs. 1,377.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. The
interest rate on a significant portion of these commitments is dependent on the lending rates prevailing on the date of the loan
disbursement. Further, the commitments have fixed expiration dates and are contingent upon the borrower’s ability to maintain
specific credit standards.

Capital Commitments

We are obligated under a number of capital
contracts. Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature, which have been committed. The amounts of contracts remaining
to be executed on capital projects increased from Rs. 5.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 7.5 billion at year-end fiscal
2019.

Other Contractual Obligations

The following table sets forth certain
contractual obligations at year-end fiscal 2019.

Payments due by period
Contractual Obligations   Total   Less than 1 year   1-3 years   3-5 years   More than 5 years
(in millions, except percentages)
Long-term debt obligations   Rs.   1,569,978   Rs.   392,750   Rs.   491,861   Rs.   397,632   Rs.   287,735
Time deposits   3,489,813   2,740,056   631,569   96,008   22,180
Life-insurance obligations (1)   2,368,409   (94,368   )   (221,766   )   (78,536   )   2,763,079
Gratuity obligations (2)   18,656   1,896   3,408   3,720   9,632   (3)
Pension obligations (2)   10,485   982   2,388   2,369   4,746   (3)
Operating lease obligations   2,967   673   1,080   707   507
Guarantees (4),(5)
Financial guarantees   472,599   348,078   96,646   22,952   5,923
Performance guarantees   727,373   398,699   233,193   73,251   22,230
Total   Rs.   8,660,280   Rs.   3,788,766   Rs.   1,238,379   Rs.   518,103   Rs.   3,116,032

(1)   The amounts shown represent an estimate of undiscounted
cash flows under life insurance contracts. The cash flows shown consist of expected benefit payments net of premiums receivable
as per the contractual terms. Cash flows associated with benefit payments are projected based on assumptions for factors like
mortality and investment returns. The cash flows included in the above table are different from the liabilities on policies in
effect on March 31, 2019 that are disclosed in the balance sheet because the liabilities are disclosed at discounted values and
include an allowance for other non-contractual cash flows, such as expenses.

(2)   Based on actuarial assumptions.

(3)   Based on outflow estimates between five and 10 years.

(4)   The amount represents maximum amount of obligation.

(5)   Based on contractual maturity.

177

Long-term debt obligations

Long-term debt represents debt with an
original contractual maturity greater than one year. Maturity distribution is based on contractual maturity or the date, at which
the debt is callable at the option of the holder, whichever is earlier. For a detailed discussion on long-term debt, see note 3
to our “Consolidated Financial Statements—Additional Notes” included herein.

Time deposits

Time deposits represent deposits with fixed
maturity terms. Generally, time deposits can be withdrawn by the depositors any time before maturity, subject to certain prepayment
charges.

Life insurance obligations

Life insurance obligations primarily include
liabilities for life insurance policies, including both unit-linked and non-linked policies.

A unit-linked life insurance policy is
a policy in which the cash value of the policy varies according to the net asset value of units (i.e., shares) in investment assets
chosen by the policyholder. The unit liability is equal to the net asset value of the units in each policy as of the valuation
date. The non-unit liability for linked insurance policies and the liability for non-linked life insurance policies is calculated
using the gross premium method using assumptions for interest, mortality, expense and inflation. For participating policies, the
assumptions are also made for future bonuses, together with allowances for taxation and allocation of profits to shareholders.
These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates at the date of valuation with allowances for adverse deviations.

Gratuity obligations

We provide gratuity, a defined benefit
retirement plan covering all employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service. The plan provides
a lump sum payment to eligible employees at retirement or termination of employment based on the respective employee’s salary
and years of employment with us.

The gratuity benefit is provided to employees
through either an in-house fund or separate funds managed by Life Insurance Corporation of India Limited and ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited. We are responsible for settling the gratuity obligation through contribution to these funds.

Pension obligations

The Bank provides pensions—deferred
retirement plans—covering certain employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. The plans provide
for monthly pension payments to these employees when they retire. These payments are based on the respective employees’ years
of service with the Bank and applicable salary and include a cost of living adjustment. Pension funds for employees in service
who previously worked at the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank or Bank of Rajasthan are managed in an in-house trust and the liability
is funded as per actuarial valuation.

Pursuant to a master policy, the Bank purchases
annuities from Life Insurance Corporation and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited for the benefit of employees upon
their retirement. These annuities provide the pension payments to retired employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and
Bank of Rajasthan.

Operating lease obligations

We have commitments under long-term operating
leases principally for premises. The following table sets forth a summary of future minimum lease rental commitments at year-end
fiscal 2019.

Lease rental commitments for fiscal   (in millions)
2020   Rs.   673
2021   602
2022   478
2023   407
2024   300
Thereafter   507
Total minimum lease commitments   Rs.   2,967

178

Guarantees

As a part of our project financing and
commercial banking activities, we have issued bank guarantees to support business requirements of our clients. Guarantees represent
irrevocable assurances that the Bank will pay in the event a customer fails to fulfill its financial or performance obligations.
Financial guarantees are obligations to pay a third party beneficiary, when a customer fails to make payment towards a specified
financial obligation. Performance guarantees are obligations to pay a third party beneficiary, where a customer fails to perform
a non-financial contractual obligation. The guarantees are generally for a period not exceeding 10 years. The credit risks, as
well as the operating risks, associated with bank guarantees are similar to those relating to other types of unfunded facilities.
We enter into guarantee arrangements after conducting appropriate due diligence on our clients. We generally review these facilities
on an annual basis. If a client’s risk profile deteriorates to an unacceptable level, we may choose not to renew the guarantee
upon expiry or may require additional security sufficient to protect our exposure. Guarantees increased by 10.0% from Rs. 1,090.9
billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,200.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, guarantees outstanding.

At year-end fiscal
2017   2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Financial guarantees   Rs.   388,779   Rs.   440,612   Rs.   472,599   US$   6,834   7.3   %
Performance guarantees   631,185   650,275   727,373   10,518   11.9
Total guarantees   Rs.   1,019,964   Rs.   1,090,887   Rs.   1,199,972   US$   17,352   10.0   %

Financial guarantees constituted approximately
39% of our guarantee exposure at year-end fiscal 2019. Of these financial guarantees, approximately 10% were issued towards risk
participation, syndication and favoring other lenders as beneficiaries to allow our clients to avail credit assistance or credit
enhancement from other lenders. The remaining financial guarantees were issued to support other business requirements of our clients,
such as guarantees for the procurement of goods or guarantees in lieu of security/cash deposits. Performance guarantees constituted
about 61% of our guarantee exposure at year-end fiscal 2019.

Illustrative examples of client business
activities requiring guarantees include: contracts to procure goods from suppliers where guarantees are obtained by clients to
provide suppliers with assurance of payment in case the clients fail to pay upon receipt of goods; submission of bids for projects
where guarantees are obtained by clients to provide assurance of performance of contract obligations in case the bid is awarded
to them; advances against goods or services to be supplied by clients to their own customers where guarantees are obtained by clients
to assure their customers of a refund of the advance in case the clients are unable to supply goods or services; guarantees provided
in lieu of security deposits or cash deposits that clients would otherwise be required to maintain with stock exchanges; commodity
exchanges, regulatory authorities or other bodies, or for participating in tenders or in other business contracts; and guarantees
obtained by clients in favor of lenders that enable the clients to receive credit assistance or credit enhancement from lenders
by providing such lenders with assurance of payment.

Upon default by a client under the terms
of the guarantee, the beneficiary may exercise its rights under the guarantees, and we are obligated to honor payments to the beneficiaries.
Banks and financial institutions are beneficiaries for some of our financial guarantees, so as to enable clients to receive financial
assistance from these banks and financial institutions. If our clients default on such loans, the banks and financial institutions
may exercise their rights under the guarantee and we are obligated to honor payments to them. Amounts that we pay to the other
banks and financial institutions and do not recover from clients are subject to the Reserve Bank of India’s prudential norms
on income recognition, asset classification and provisioning pertaining to advances.

In some cases, we have collateral available
to reimburse potential losses on our guarantees. Margins in the form of cash and fixed deposit available to us to reimburse losses
realized under guarantees decreased from Rs. 137.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 129.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.
Other property or security may also be available to us to cover losses under these guarantees.

Our related party guarantees amounted to
Rs. 11 million at year-end fiscal 2019.

The following table sets forth the roll-forward
of activity for guarantees at year-end fiscal 2019.

179

Particulars   Performance Guarantees   Financial Guarantees
(in millions)
Opening balance at April 1, 2018   Rs.   650,275   Rs.   440,612
Additions: Issued during the year   279,422   280,392
Deletions: Closed due to expiry/termination during the year   (193,480   )   (241,889   )
Invoked and paid by the Group during the year   (8,844   )   (6,516   )
Closing balance at year-end fiscal 2019   Rs.   727,373   Rs.   472,599

Capital Resources

We actively manage our capital to meet
regulatory norms and current and future business needs, considering the risks in our businesses, expectations of rating agencies,
shareholders and investors, and the available options of raising capital. Our capital management framework is administered by the
Finance Group and the Risk Management Group under the supervision of the Board and the Risk Committee. The capital adequacy position
and assessment is reported to the Board and the Risk Committee periodically.

Regulatory capital

Reserve Bank of India issued final Basel
III guidelines, applicable with effect from April 1, 2013 which is implemented in a phased manner through March 31, 2019 as per
the transitional arrangement provided by the Reserve Bank of India for Basel III implementation. The Basel III rules on capital
consist of measures on improving the quality, consistency and transparency of capital, enhancing risk coverage, introducing a supplementary
leverage ratio, reducing pro-cyclicality and promoting counter-cyclical buffers and addressing systemic risk and inter-connectedness.

At year-end fiscal 2019, ICICI Bank was
required to maintain a minimum Common Equity Tier-1 capital ratio of 7.53%, minimum Tier-1 capital ratio of 9.03% and minimum total
capital ratio of 11.03%. The minimum total capital requirement includes a capital conservation buffer of 1.875% and capital surcharge
of 0.15% on account of the Bank being designated as a Domestic Systemically Important Bank. Under Pillar 1 of the Reserve Bank
of India guidelines on Basel III, the Bank follows the standardized approach for measurement of credit risk, the standardized duration
method for measurement of market risk and the basic indicator approach for measurement of operational risk.

Unconsolidated capital adequacy position

The following table sets forth, at the
dates indicated, regulatory capital, risk-weighted assets and risk-based capital ratios computed in accordance with the Reserve
Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines and based on ICICI Bank’s unconsolidated financial statements prepared in accordance
with Indian GAAPs.

As per the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel
    III guidelines
At year-end fiscal 2018   2019 (1)   2019 (1)
(in millions, except percentages)
Common equity Tier 1 capital   915,869   936,891   US$   13,548
Tier 1 capital   1,010,644   1,037,162   14,998
Tier 2 capital   159,135   123,739   1,789
Total capital   1,169,779   1,160,901   US$   16,787
Credit risk: risk-weighted assets   5,220,540   5,741,030   US$   83,017
Market risk: risk-weighted assets   523,377   488,379   7,062
Operational risk: risk-weighted assets   605,165   644,340   9,317
Total risk-weighted assets   6,349,082   6,873,749   US$   99,396
Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   14.4   %   13.6   %
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   15.9   %   15.1   %
Tier 2 risk-based capital ratio   2.5   %   1.8   %
Total risk-based capital ratio   18.4   %   16.9   %

(1)   The proposed dividend for fiscal 2019 was deducted from capital funds though not deducted from net worth for the purpose of
financial reporting at year-end fiscal 2019.

In fiscal 2019, capital funds (net of deductions)
decreased by Rs. 8.9 billion from Rs. 1,169.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,160.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily
due to progressive discounting of Tier-2 capital instruments as per the Reserve Bank of India extant guidelines and exercise of
call option for Tier-2 capital instruments

180

of Rs. 45.2 billion and innovative perpetual
debt instrument of Rs. 5.0 billion, offset, in part, by inclusion of retained earnings for fiscal 2019 and issuance of Additional
Tier-1 capital instruments of Rs. 11.4 billion during fiscal 2019. Mandatory appropriation towards investment fluctuation reserve
with effect from fiscal 2019 of Rs. 12.7 billion has been considered under Tier-2 capital.

Risk-weighted assets relating to credit
risk increased by Rs. 520.5 billion from Rs. 5,220.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 5,741.0 billion at year-end fiscal
2019 primarily due to an increase of Rs. 455.2 billion in risk-weighted assets for on-balance sheet assets and an increase of Rs.
65.3 billion in risk-weighted assets for off-balance sheet assets. On-balance sheet risk-weighted assets increased primarily due
to the growth in advances during the year.

Risk-weighted assets relating to market
risk decreased by Rs. 35.0 billion from Rs. 523.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 488.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2019
primarily due to a decrease in value of equity investments, offset, in part, by an increase in risk-weighted assets for fixed income
securities.

Risk-weighted assets relating to operational
risk increased by Rs. 39.2 billion from Rs. 605.2 billion at March 31, 2018 to Rs. 644.3 billion at March 31, 2019. The operational
risk capital charge is computed based on 15% of the average of the previous three financial years’ gross income and is revised
on an annual basis at June 30. Risk-weighted assets are arrived at by multiplying the capital charge by 12.5.

Consolidated capital adequacy position

Consolidation for regulatory capital calculations
is based on the consolidated financial statements of ICICI Bank and its subsidiaries, in line with the standards on consolidated
prudential reporting issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The entities considered for consolidation for regulatory capital calculations
include subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the Bank, which carry on activities of a banking or of a financial nature
as stated in the reporting guidelines prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. Entities engaged in the insurance business and businesses
not pertaining to financial services are excluded from consolidation for capital adequacy calculation. As per Basel III guidelines
stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, equity and other regulatory capital investments in the unconsolidated insurance and non-financial
subsidiaries will be deducted from consolidated regulatory capital of the group.

At year-end fiscal 2019, our total risk-based
capital ratios at the consolidated level as per Basel III guidelines stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India were common equity
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 13.42%, Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 14.73% and total risk-based capital ratio of 16.47%
against the current requirement of minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.525%, a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 9.025%
and a minimum total capital ratio of 11.025% respectively.

Internal assessment of capital

Our capital management framework includes
a comprehensive internal capital adequacy assessment process conducted annually which determines the adequate level of capitalization
for us to meet regulatory standards and current and future business needs. Adequate stress testing, as determined by several stress
scenarios, is also done. The internal capital adequacy assessment process is formulated at both the stand alone bank level and
the consolidated group level. The process encompasses capital planning for a four-year time horizon, identification and measurement
of material risks and the relationship between risk and capital.

The capital management framework is complemented
by the risk management framework, which includes a comprehensive assessment of material risks. Stress testing, which is a key aspect
of the capital assessment process and the risk management framework, provides an insight on the impact of extreme but plausible
scenarios on the risk profile and capital position. Based on our Board-approved stress testing framework, we conduct stress tests
on our various portfolios and assess the impact on our capital ratios and the adequacy of our capital buffers for current and future
periods. We periodically assess and refine our stress tests in an effort to ensure that the stress scenarios capture material risks
as well as reflect possible extreme market moves that could arise as a result of market conditions. The business and capital plans
and the stress testing results of the ICICI Bank entities are integrated into the internal capital adequacy assessment process.

Based on the internal capital adequacy
assessment process, we determine the level of capital that needs to be maintained by considering the following in an integrated
manner:

·   strategic focus, business plan and growth objectives;

·   regulatory capital requirements as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines;

·   assessment of material risks and impact of stress testing;

181

·   perception of shareholders and investors;

·   future strategy with regard to investments or divestments in subsidiaries; and

·   evaluation of options to raise capital from domestic and overseas markets, as permitted by the Reserve Bank of India from time
to time.

We continue to monitor relevant developments
and believe that its current robust capital adequacy position and demonstrated track record of access to domestic and overseas
markets for capital raising will enable us to maintain the necessary levels of capital as required by regulations while continuing
to grow our business.

Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is the current and prospective
risk arising out of an inability to meet financial commitments as they fall due, through available cash flows or through the sale
of assets at fair market value. It includes both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding an asset portfolio at
appropriate maturities and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner at a reasonable price.

The goal of liquidity management is to
ensure that the Bank is always in a position to efficiently meet both expected and unexpected current and future cash flow and
collateral needs without negatively affecting either its daily operation or financial condition.

Most of our incremental funding requirements
are met through short-term funding sources, primarily in the form of deposits including inter-bank deposits. However, a large portion
of our assets, primarily the corporate and project finance and home loan portfolio, have medium or long-term maturities, creating
a potential for funding mismatches. We actively monitor our liquidity position and attempts to maintain adequate liquidity at all
times to meet all the requirements of our depositors and bondholders, while also meeting the credit demand of its customers.

We seek to establish a continuous information
flow and an active dialogue between the funding and borrowing divisions of the organization to enable optimal liquidity management.
A separate group is responsible for liquidity management. We are required to submit rupee gap reports for domestic operations on
a fortnightly basis to the Reserve Bank of India. Pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the liquidity gap (if negative)
must not exceed 5.0%, 10.0%, 15.0% and 20.0% of cumulative outflows in the 1-day, up to 7-day, up to 14-day and up to 30-day time
categories, respectively. We prepare a daily maturity gap analysis for the overseas operations and rupee book for the domestic
operations. Our static gap analysis is also supplemented by a short-term dynamic cash-flow analysis, in order to provide the liability
raising units with a fair estimate of our funding requirements in the near-term. In addition, we monitor certain liquidity ratios
on a fortnightly basis. We also monitor liquidity coverage ratio which has been applicable from January 1, 2015. We have a liquidity
contingency plan in place, through which we monitor key indicators that could signal potential liquidity challenges, to enable
us to take necessary measures to ensure sufficient liquidity.

We maintain diverse sources of liquidity
to facilitate flexibility in meeting funding requirements. Incremental operations in India are principally funded by accepting
deposits from retail and corporate depositors. These deposits are augmented by issuance of Certificate of Deposits, borrowings
in the short-term inter-bank market, through refinance agencies and through the issuance of bonds. We also have recourse to the
liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility which are short-term funding arrangements provided by the Reserve
Bank of India. We generally maintain a substantial portfolio of high quality liquid securities that may be sold on an immediate
basis to meet our liquidity needs. We also have the option of managing liquidity by borrowing in the inter-bank market on a short-term
basis. The overnight market, which is a significant part of the inter-bank market, is susceptible to volatile interest rates. These
interest rates on certain occasion have touched highs of 100.0% and above. To curtail reliance on such volatile funding, our liquidity
management policy has stipulated daily limits for borrowing and lending in this market. Our limit on daily borrowing is more conservative
than the limit set by the Reserve Bank of India. ICICI Securities Primary Dealership, like us, relies for a certain proportion
of its funding on the inter-bank market for overnight money and is therefore also exposed to similar risk of volatile interest
rates. However, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership being a primary dealer also has access to liquidity adjustment facility and
standing liquidity facility from the Reserve Bank of India.

Our gross liquid assets consist of cash,
nostro balances, overnight and other short-term money market placements, government bonds and treasury bills (including investments
eligible for reserve requirements and net of borrowings on account of repurchase agreements, the liquidity adjustment facility
and the marginal standing facility), corporate bonds (rated AA and above), other money market investments such as commercial papers
and certificates of deposits and mutual fund investments. We deduct short-term money-market borrowings (borrowings with maturity
up to 30 days) from the aggregate of these assets to determine net liquid assets.

182

We maintain a significant portion of our
demand and time liabilities in forms required pursuant to regulatory reserve requirements imposed by the Reserve Bank of India.
The Reserve Bank of India stipulates a cash reserve ratio applicable to Indian banks, which requires us to maintain an average
percentage of our demand and time liabilities as a cash balance deposited with the Reserve Bank of India over 14-day period. As
of June 30, 2019, the cash reserve ratio requirement percentage was 4.00%. In addition, cash reserves may not fall below 90% (with
effect from April 16, 2016) of the required cash reserve ratio on any day during any 14-day reporting period.

The Reserve Bank of India also
stipulates a statutory liquidity ratio applicable to Indian banks, which requires us to maintain a certain percentage of
demand and time liabilities in certain prescribed investments. At year-end fiscal 2019, the statutory liquidity ratio
requirement percentage was 19.25%. During December 2018, in order to align the statutory liquidity ratio with the liquidity
coverage ratio requirement, the Reserve Bank of India announced reduction in the statutory liquidity ratio by 0.25% every
calendar quarter until the statutory liquidity ratio reaches 18% of net demand and time liabilities. The first reduction of
0.25% took effect in the quarter commencing January 2019. Accordingly, as of June 30, 2019, the statutory liquidity ratio
requirement is 19.0%. We generally hold more statutory liquidity ratio eligible securities than the statutory liquidity ratio
requirement. Statutory liquidity ratio eligible instruments include cash, gold or approved unencumbered securities.

As of March 31, 2019,
out of the statutory liquidity ratio requirement of 19.25% of net demand and time liabilities in India, up to 15.5% (13% in the
form of facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio, 2% under marginal standing facility and up to 0.5% in the form
of additional facility to avail liquidity under liquidity coverage ratio) is counted towards the high quality liquid assets under
the liquidity coverage ratio. Additional facility of 0.50% to avail liquidity under liquidity coverage ratio was permitted by the
Reserve Bank of India till March 31, 2019 against banks incremental outstanding credit to non-banking finance companies and housing
finance companies, over and above the amount of credit to these entities outstanding at October 19, 2018.

Additionally, the Reserve Bank of India
during April 2019 decided to permit banks to reckon an additional 2.0% of government securities within the mandatory statutory
liquidity ratio requirement, as facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio for the purpose of computing liquidity
coverage ratio, in a phased manner from the earlier 13.0% of net demand and time liabilities to 15.0% of net demand and time liabilities
by April 1, 2020. Accordingly, as of June 30, 2019, out of the statutory liquidity ratio requirement of 19.0% of net demand and
time liabilities in India, 15.5% (13.5% in the form of facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio and 2.0% under
marginal standing facility) is counted towards the high quality liquid assets under liquidity coverage ratio. Further, the Reserve
Bank of India on July 5, 2019 decided that, with immediate effect, banks will be permitted to frontload the phased increase in
facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio of 1.0% which was originally effective from August 1, 2019 and December
1, 2019. This frontloading was to the extent of incremental outstanding credit to non-banking finance companies and housing finance
companies over and above the amount of credit to non-banking finance companies/housing finance companies outstanding on their books
as on date. The frontloading of facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio of 1.0%, exclusively meant for incremental
exposure to non-banking finance companies/housing finance companies, will form part of general facility to avail liquidity for
liquidity coverage ratio as and when the increase in facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio takes place as per
original schedule on August 1 and December 1, 2019.

The Reserve Bank of India on June 9, 2014
issued final guidelines on the Basel III framework on liquidity standards including liquidity coverage ratio, liquidity risk monitoring
tools and liquidity coverage ratio disclosure standards. The liquidity coverage ratio promotes short-term resilience of banks to
potential liquidity disruptions by ensuring that banks have sufficient high quality liquid assets to survive an acute stress scenario
lasting for 30 days. As per the guidelines, the liquidity coverage ratio requirement was effective January 1, 2015 with a minimum
requirement of 60.0% starting from January 1, 2015 (currently the minimum requirement is 100.0%), As per the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines, effective January 1, 2016, liquidity coverage ratio has been made applicable to Indian banks on a consolidated basis.
The liquidity coverage ratio disclosure for the three months ended March 31, 2019, is based on simple average of daily observations.
The liquidity coverage ratio of the Group, for the three months ended March 31, 2019 was 127.5%.

The Reserve Bank of India on May 17, 2018
issued final guidelines on the Basel III framework on liquidity standards – net stable funding ratio. These guidelines ensure
reduction in funding risk over a longer time horizon by requiring banks to fund their activities with sufficiently stable sources
of funding in order to mitigate the risk of future funding stress. As per the guidelines, the net stable funding ratio should be
equal to at least 100% on an ongoing basis. As per the circular dated November 29, 2018 these guidelines will be applicable for
Indian banks at the solo as well as consolidated level effective April 1, 2020.

We maintain liquid assets in addition to
statutory liquidity ratio and cash reserve ratio requirement. Throughout fiscal 2019, the Bank maintained adequate reserves as
per the regulatory requirements mentioned above.

183

The following table sets forth the components
of the ICICI Bank’s average and balance sheet date liquid assets.

At March 31, 2018   Fortnightly average for fiscal 2019   At March 31, 2019
(in billions)
Statutory liquidity ratio eligible investments and other government securities, net of borrowings on account of repurchase agreement, liquidity adjustment facility and collateralized borrowings   Rs.   1,255.0   Rs.   1,375.1   Rs.   1,442.0
Balance with central banks and current accounts with other banks   420.4   350.4   406.3
Other liquid assets   686.8   349.5   574.4
Gross liquid assets   2,362.2   2,075.0   2,422.7
(Less) Short-term borrowings   —   3.0   —
Net liquid assets   Rs.   2,362.2   Rs.   2,072.0   Rs.   2,422.7

ICICI Bank held net liquid assets totaling
to Rs. 2,422.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019, compared to Rs. 2,362.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2019, the Bank
held fortnightly average net liquid assets of Rs. 2,072.0 billion. In addition to the amounts included in net liquid assets above,
at year-end fiscal 2019, the Bank also held other fixed income non-government securities totaling to Rs. 23.1 billion compared
to Rs. 29.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

In compliance with local regulations, some
overseas branches of the Bank are required to maintain a ‘net due’ position with other group entities i.e. those branches
need to be a net borrower above a specified amount or they cannot be a net lender beyond a specified amount. Accordingly, surplus
liquidity maintained at those branches can be utilized at other group entities only to the extent of buffer available in the ‘net
due’ position. At year-end fiscal 2019, such overseas branches of the Bank held net liquid assets of Rs. 129.4 billion (equivalent),
which are included in our overall net liquid assets of the Bank of Rs. 2,422.7 billion.

We also have access to other reliable sources
of liquidity. The Reserve Bank of India conducts repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions with banks through its liquidity
adjustment facility and marginal standing facility to carry out monetary policy and manage liquidity for the Indian banking system.
The Reserve Bank of India stipulates an interest rate applicable to fixed rate repurchase, fixed rate reverse repurchase agreements
and marginal standing facility, known as the repo rate, reverse repo rate and marginal standing facility rate respectively. In
addition, Reserve Bank of India also conducts variable rate repurchase, reverse repurchase auction, rates for which are arrived
through competitive bidding. At year-end fiscal 2019, the Reserve Bank of India repo rate, reverse repo rate and marginal standing
facility rate were 6.25%, 6.00% and 6.50% respectively (as of June 30, 2019 these rates were 5.75%, 5.50% and 6.00% respectively).
The liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility are available throughout the year. Under the marginal standing
facility, in addition to the eligible securities a bank holds in excess of the statutory requirement, banks can borrow overnight
up to 2.0% of their respective net demand and time liabilities outstanding at the end of the second preceding 14-day period. Further,
there is a liquid market for repurchase transactions with other market counterparties. Banks may enter into repurchase transactions
with the Reserve Bank of India or other market counterparties against the statutory liquidity ratio eligible securities that hold
in excess of the statutory requirement.

At year-end fiscal 2019, ICICI Bank had
government securities amounting to Rs. 356.4 billion eligible for borrowings through the liquidity adjustment facility and marginal
standing facility from the Reserve Bank of India.

The Reserve Bank of India uses the liquidity
adjustment facility and the marginal standing facility to implement monetary policy. The Reserve Bank of India has the right to
suspend the liquidity adjustment facility or reduce the amounts that Indian banks can access through the liquidity adjustment facility
on any day on a proportionate basis for all banks. Such policy changes could affect the operations of these facilities and could
restrict Indian banks, including us, from accessing these facilities. The Reserve Bank of India has restricted liquidity provision
through the overnight liquidity adjustment facility to a specified ratio of net demand and time liabilities and increasingly provides
liquidity through term repurchase agreements of various maturities. At June 30, 2019, the liquidity provision through the overnight
liquidity adjustment facility was capped at 0.25% of net demand and time liabilities of banks.

We have a well-defined borrowing program
for the overseas operations. In order to maximize borrowings at a reasonable cost through our branches, liquidity in different
markets and currencies is targeted. The wholesale borrowings are in the form of bond issuances, syndicated loans from banks, money
market borrowings and inter-bank bilateral loans. We also raise refinance from other banks against eligible trade assets. Those
loans that meet the Export Credit Agencies’ criteria are refinanced as per the agreements entered into with these agencies.
We also mobilize deposit liabilities, in accordance with the regulatory framework at the host country.

184

ICICI Bank has the ability to use its rupee
liquidity in India to meet refinancing needs at its overseas branches, although this may be at a relatively high cost based on
swap and exchange rates prevailing at the time of such refinancing. The Bank (through its overseas branches) has not raised funds
through issuance of bonds during fiscal 2019. The terms of the Bank’s bond issuances and loans from other financial institutions
and export credit agencies contain cross-default clauses, restrictions on its ability to merge or amalgamate with another entity
and restrictions on the Bank’s ability to prematurely redeem or repay such bonds or loans. The terms of the Bank’s
subordinated debt issuances eligible for inclusion in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital include the suspension of interest payments in the
event of losses or capital deficiencies, and a prohibition on redemption, even at maturity or on specified call option dates, without
the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank is currently not, and does not expect to be, in breach of any material
covenants of the Bank’s borrowings that would be construed as events of default under the terms of such borrowings.

The successful management of credit, market
and operational risk is an important consideration in managing the liquidity because it affects the evaluation of our credit ratings
by rating agencies. Rating agencies may reduce or indicate their intention to reduce the ratings at any time.

Rating agencies can also decide to withdraw
their ratings of the Bank, which may have the same effect as a reduction in our ratings. Any reduction in our ratings (or withdrawal
of ratings) may increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to capital markets and adversely affect our ability to sell or market
our products, engage in business transactions (particularly longer-term transactions) and derivatives transactions, or retain our
customers. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Any downgrade
of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, our liquidity and the prices
of our equity shares and ADSs
”.

In respect of our
domestic operations, we may enter into collateralized borrowings in the form of repurchase transactions with the Reserve Bank of
India or through Clearing Corporation of India Limited, a centralized clearing counterparty or with the market counterparties,
against the statutory liquidity ratio eligible securities to meet expected and unexpected borrowings requirements. In general,
the market value of collateral given for any such loan is higher than the value of the loan, the difference is referred to as a
haircut. The Reserve Bank of India has stipulated the haircut for all such securities for borrowings from them. In case of borrowings
from products settled through Clearing Corporation of India Limited, members of Clearing Corporation of India Limited’s repo
segment are required to maintain margin contributions in relation to their borrowing/lending obligation at any point of time which
act as cushion against any fall in the value of the underlying collateral.

Further, the bank
is also a member in the triparty repo segment wherein, we may enter into collateralized borrowings in the form of repurchase transactions
on the Triparty Repo Order Matching Platform provided by Clearcorp Dealing Systems (India) Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Clearing
Corporation of India Limited. Clearing Corporation of India Limited also performs the roles and responsibilities of a Triparty
Repo Agent, in terms of Repurchase transactions (Repo) (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2018 as amended from time to time. The triparty
repo agent has stipulated the haircuts for the eligible securities for borrowing through its platform and the market value of collateral
given for any such loan is higher than the value of the loan.

We hold sufficient
securities in our account to meet additional collateral requirements if required and systems and processes are in place to ensure
sufficient balance in our Principal-Securities General Ledger account, Repo Constituent - Securities General Ledger account, Clearing
Corporation of India Limited Securities Guarantee Fund, Tri-party repo margin account resulting in smooth settlement of transactions.

Further, in case of any emergency requirement,
additional securities may be transferred to our Securities Guarantee Fund/collateralized borrowing and lending obligations margin
account on a T+0 basis. In case of corporate bond repo, the value of the securities is computed after applying the minimum haircut
as stipulated by the clearing house or bilaterally agreed upon by counterparties depending upon the credit rating of the underlying
security. The Bank also deals with central counterparties for settlement of government securities outright and repo transactions,
forex transactions, interest rate and currency derivatives for which it needs to contribute towards margin obligations. We will
be required to post additional collateral in case of downgrade in the external credit rating of the Bank under letter of credit,
stand by letter of credit, bank guarantee and unfunded risk participation agreements.

In respect of overseas branch operations,
generally, the collateral requirements are applicable to banks which have outstanding borrowings that are subject to margining
and consequent collateral deposits are governed by Global Master Repurchase Agreement. We have an Asset Liability Management Committee
approved framework for accepting covenants, linked to credit rating downgrade of the Bank and a breach in thresholds of certain
financial covenants as a part of borrowing agreements and a stress scenario has been formulated linked to potential outflows due
to a breach of rating downgrade covenants.

185

In view of the margin rules for non-centrally
cleared derivative transactions issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and Reserve Bank of India, currently in a
draft stage, derivative transactions would be subject to margining and consequent collateral exchange would be as governed by
Credit Support Annex. The margin rules are applicable for both, the domestic and overseas operations of the Bank. The Bank has
entered into Credit Support Annex which would require maintenance of collateral.

We have certain borrowings that would be
affected by a credit rating downgrade of the Bank. Such borrowings amount to about 1% of the total borrowings of the Bank at year-end
fiscal 2019. If an international credit rating agency downgrades the Bank’s credit rating by one or more notches, we would
be required to pay an increased interest rate on these borrowings. The liquidity impact is monitored on a fortnightly basis and
is reported to relevant committees on a semi-annual basis. Volatility in the international debt markets may constrain our international
borrowings.

There are restrictions on the use of liquidity
maintained by UK and Canada subsidiaries of the Bank to meet their overall liquidity needs. The Office of the Superintendent of
Financial Institutions of Canada has prescribed a limit of 100% of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital (as defined under Canadian regulations)
on the credit exposure to any single entity or a group of connected entities. ICICI Bank Canada, Bank’s Canadian subsidiary,
has internally capped this credit exposure at CAD 150.0 million (approximately 26% of the limit specified by the Office of the
Superintendent of Financial Institutions, except with respect to exposure to the ICICI Bank). The limit of CAD 150.0 million can
be increased to a maximum of 75% of capital depending on the credit quality of the Group or Connection. In fiscal 2019, ICICI Bank
Canada has complied with both regulatory and their internal limits on exposures to any single entity, including to ICICI Bank.

As per the Capital Requirements Regulation
guidelines applicable for ICICI Bank UK, an institution shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the effect of the
credit risk mitigation, to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25 % of its eligible capital. The
capital base is calculated as the sum of eligible Tier-1 and Tier-2 capital, less any deductions as per the Capital Requirements
Regulation guidelines. ICICI Bank UK has a capital base of US$ 576.49 million at year-end fiscal 2019, resulting in a limit of
US$ 144.12 million. Also, ICICI Bank UK stipulates various internal limits to manage exposure concentrations within the Bank. The
key parameters of risk concentrations measured include sectoral, country, rating category based, product specific exposures, counterparty
and large exposures.

The Prudential Regulation Authority issued
a new policy statement on Capital Requirements Directive IV: Liquidity Requirements in June 2015, which was supplemented by supervisory
statement on Prudential Regulation Authorities approach to supervising liquidity and funding risk. The new guidelines were applicable
from October 1, 2015. As per the guidelines banks were required to maintain Liquidity Coverage Ratio calculated, as per the methodology
provided in the Delegated Act issued by European Banking Authority in October 2014, at 100% as Pillar 1 liquidity requirements.  Prudential Regulation Authority has adopted a Pillar 2 approach for Liquidity requirements, in which banks are required
to hold high quality liquid assets for specified risks, which are not captured in Liquidity Coverage Ratio. ICICI Bank UK PLC maintained
Liquidity Coverage Ratio above the stipulated level during fiscal 2019 and complied with Pillar 2 liquidity requirements specified
by Prudential Regulation Authority.

In November 2014, The Office of Superintendent
of Financial Institution revised the Liquidity Adequacy Requirements to incorporate Liquidity Coverage Ratio requirements for banks
in Canada. The requirements expect banks to have an adequate stock of unencumbered high quality liquid assets that consists of
cash or assets that can be converted into cash at little or no loss of value in private markets, to meet its liquidity needs for
a 30 calendar day liquidity stress scenario. The standard requires that, absent a situation of financial stress, the value of the
coverage ratio of high quality liquid assets to total net cash outflows be no lower than 100%. The Office of Superintendent of
Financial Institution expects each Canadian bank to have an internal liquidity policy articulating and defining the role of liquid
assets within the bank’s overall liquidity management system and establishing minimum targets for liquid asset holdings.
ICICI Bank Canada has a Liquidity Management Policy and Market Risk Management Policy, which are approved by its Board of Directors.
These policies require ICICI Bank Canada to maintain a certain percentage of its customer liabilities in liquid assets and to maintain
sufficient liquidity to cover net outflows in the “up to 30 days” maturity bucket. These limits are monitored by Asset
Liability Management Committee of ICICI Bank Canada, at least on monthly basis. ICICI Bank Canada has complied with these requirements
throughout fiscal 2019. In addition, net cumulative cash flow information, which consists of details of the maturity pattern of
assets and liabilities and net cash flows, is shared with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institution on a monthly basis.

186

Capital Expenditure

The following tables set forth, for the
periods indicated, certain information related to capital expenditure by category of fixed assets.

Fiscal 2017
Cost at year-end fiscal 2016   Additions/transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2017
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   80,650   Rs.   8,050   (1)   Rs.   (607   )   Rs.   (14,750   )   Rs   73,344   US$   1,060
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   59,567   7,487   (3,215   )   (46,218   )   17,621   255
Assets given on lease   17,300   -   (395   )   (14,490   )   2,415   35
Total   Rs.   157,517   Rs.   15,537   Rs.   (4,217   )   Rs.   (75,458   )   Rs.   93,380   US$   1,350

(1)   Includes gain on revaluation created through reserve
of Rs. 3.0 billion.

Fiscal 2018
Cost at year-end fiscal 2017   Additions/transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2018
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   88,093   Rs.   3,498   (1)   Rs.   (2,046   )   Rs.   (16,524   )   Rs   73,023   US$   1,056
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   63,839   8,946   (1,771   )   (51,801   )   19,212   278
Assets given on lease   16,905   -   (190   )   (14,300   )   2,415   35
Total   Rs.   168,837   Rs.   12,444   Rs.   (4,007   )   Rs.   (82,625   )   Rs.   94,650   US$   1,369

(1)   Includes gain on revaluation created through reserve of Rs. 0.3 billion.

Fiscal 2019
Cost at year-end fiscal 2018   Additions/ transfers/revaluations   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2019
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   89,546   Rs.   2,897   (1)   Rs.   (802   )   Rs.   (18,132   )   Rs   73,510   US$   1,063
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   71,014   9,171   (7,222   )   (52,283   )   20,680   299
Assets given on lease   16,715   -   -   (14,300   )   2,415   35
Total   Rs.   177,275   Rs.   12,068   Rs.   (8,024   )   Rs.   (84,715   )   Rs.   96,604   US$   1,397

(1)   Includes gain on revaluation created through reserve of Rs. 1.0 billion.

Collateral Management

Overview

We define collateral as the assets or rights
provided to the Bank by the borrower or a third party in order to secure a credit facility. The Bank would have the rights of a
secured creditor in respect of the assets/contracts offered as security for the obligations of the borrower/obligor. The underlying
documentation for the collateral is designed to provide the Bank with appropriate rights over the collateral or other forms of
credit enhancement including the right to liquidate, retain or take legal possession of it in a timely manner in the event of default
by the counterparty. We also endeavor to keep the assets provided as security to the Bank under adequate insurance during the tenor
of the Bank’s exposure. The Bank monitors the collateral value periodically.

187

Collateral valuation

We have an internal framework for updating
the collateral values of commercial loans on a periodic basis. Generally, for commercial loans, the value of moveable property
held as collateral is updated annually and the value of immovable property held as collateral is updated at least annually, subject
to extant regulatory guidelines. However, for commercial and industrial properties, the Bank would obtain a valuation report at
least once in two years.

Types of collateral taken by the Bank

We determine the appropriate collateral
for each facility based on the type of product and risk profile of the counterparty. In the case of corporate and small and medium
enterprises financing, fixed assets are generally taken as security for long tenor loans and current assets for working capital
finance. For project finance, security of the assets of the borrower and assignment of the underlying project contracts is generally
taken. In addition, in some cases, additional security such as pledge of shares, cash collateral, charge on receivables with an
escrow arrangement and guarantees is also taken.

For retail products, the security to be
taken is defined in the product policy for the respective products. Housing loans and automobile loans are secured by the security
of the property/automobile being financed. The valuation of the properties is carried out by an empaneled valuer at the time of
sanctioning the loan/limit set-up.

The Bank also offers products which are
primarily based on collateral, such as shares, specified securities, warehoused commodities and gold jewelry. These products are
offered in line with the approved product policies which include types of collateral, valuation and margining.

The Bank extends unsecured facilities to
clients for certain products such as derivatives, credit cards and personal loans and to corporate borrowers. The limits with respect
to unsecured facilities have been approved by our Board of Directors.

The decision on the type and quantum of
collateral for each transaction is made by the credit approving authority as per the credit approval authorization approved by
the Board of Directors. For facilities provided as per approved product policies, collateral is taken in line with the policy.

Significant Changes

Except as otherwise stated in this annual
report, we have experienced no significant changes since the date of fiscal 2019 consolidated financial statements contained in
this annual report.

Segment Revenues and Assets

The Reserve Bank of India in its guidelines
on “segmental reporting” has stipulated specified business segments and their definitions, for the purposes of public
disclosures on business information for banks in India.

The consolidated segmental report for fiscal
2019, based on the segments identified and defined by the Reserve Bank of India, has been presented as follows:

·   Retail Banking includes our exposures which satisfy the four qualifying criteria of “regulatory retail portfolio”
as stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines. These criteria are as follows:

(i)   Orientation criterion: The exposure is to an individual person or persons or to a small business; person under this clause
would mean any legal person capable of entering into contracts and would include but not be restricted to an individual, Hindu
Undivided Family, partnership firm, trust, private limited companies, public limited companies, co-operative societies, etc. A
small business is defined as one where the three-year average annual turnover is less than Rs. 500 million.

(ii)   Product criterion: All exposures should take the form of any of the following:

·   revolving credits and lines of credit (including overdrafts);

·   term loans and leases (e.g. installment loans and leases, student and educational loans); and

·   small business facilities and commitments.

(iii)   Low value of individual exposures: The maximum aggregate retail exposure to one counterparty should not exceed the absolute
threshold limit of Rs. 50 million.

188

(iv)   Granularity criterion: The regulatory retail portfolio should be sufficiently diversified to a degree that reduces the risks
in the portfolio. The aggregate exposure to one counterparty should not exceed 0.2% of the overall retail portfolio.

·   Wholesale Banking includes all advances to trusts, partnership firms, companies and statutory bodies, by the Bank which
are not included in the Retail Banking segment, as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines for the Bank.

·   Treasury includes the entire investment and derivative portfolio of the Bank and ICICI Strategic Investments Fund.

·   Other Banking includes leasing operations and other items not attributable to any particular business segment of the
Bank. It also includes the Bank’s banking subsidiaries, i.e., ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank Canada.

·   Life Insurance represents results of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

·   General Insurance represents results of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

·   Others include ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited, ICICI International
Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., ICICI Securities
Inc., ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Prudential Trust Limited, ICICI Investment Management Company Limited,
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited and ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited.

Framework for transfer pricing

Liabilities
of retail banking and wholesale banking segments are transfer priced to a central treasury unit, which pools all funds and lends
to the business units at appropriate rates based on the relevant maturity of assets being funded after adjusting for regulatory
reserve requirements and specific charge on account of directed lending to certain sectors categorized as priority sector. Current
account and savings account deposits are transfer priced at a fixed rate. For term deposits and borrowings, the transfer pricing
is primarily based on the categories specified in the Transfer Pricing Policy. Transfer pricing to our asset creation units is
based on the incremental cost of deposits (blended for current account and savings account deposits) and borrowings adjusted for
the maturity of the asset (term premium) and regulatory reserve requirements. The allocated capital is also considered as a source
of funding for the purpose of segmental reporting.

Fiscal 2019 Compared with Fiscal 2018

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, profit before tax of various segments.

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail Banking   Rs.   71,414   Rs.   82,231   US$   1,189   15.1   %
Wholesale Banking   (82,813   )   (102,423   )   (1,481   )   23.7
Treasury   77,443   53,401   772   (31.0   )
Other Banking   5,705   5,916   86   3.7
Life Insurance   17,191   11,614   168   (32.4   )
General Insurance   11,962   15,984   231   33.6
Others   21,041   20,170   292   (4.1   )
Profit before tax   Rs.   121,943   Rs.   86,893   US$   1,257   (28.7   %)

189

Retail Banking

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   134,488   Rs.   158,276   US$   2,289   17.7   %
Non-interest income   65,720   76,152   1,101   15.9
Total income   200,208   234,428   3,390   17.1
Non-interest expenses   121,340   141,157   2,041   16.3
Profit before provisions   78,868   93,271   1,349   18.3
Provisions   7,454   11,040   160   48.1
Profit before tax   Rs.   71,414   Rs.   82,231   US$   1,189   15.1   %

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   2,433,639   Rs.   2,896,559   US$   41,882   19.0   %
Deposits   3,988,658   4,700,375   67,964   17.8

Loans in the retail banking segment increased
by 19.0% from Rs. 2,433.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2,896.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The Bank maintained its
focus on strengthening its deposit franchise reflected in the increase in the retail deposit base
.

The savings account deposits of the segment increased by 13.3% from Rs. 2,009.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2,276.7
billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The current account deposits of the segment increased by 11.4% from Rs. 381.2 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018 to Rs. 424.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The term deposits of the segment increased by 25.1% from Rs. 1,597.8
billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,999.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The overall retail deposits increased by 17.8%
from Rs. 3,988.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 4,700.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

The profit before tax of the retail banking
segment increased by 15.2% from Rs. 71.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 82.2 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase
in net interest income and non-interest income, offset, in part, by an increase in non-interest expenses and provisions.

Net interest income increased by 17.7%
from Rs. 134.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 158.3 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in the average loan portfolio
and average deposits.

Non-interest income increased by 15.9%
from Rs. 65.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 76.2 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in fees income from credit
card portfolio, transaction banking fees and lending linked fees.

Non-interest expenses increased by 16.3%
from Rs. 121.3 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs 141.2 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in employee cost and other
administrative expenses reflecting an increase in business volume.

Provisions increased by 48.2% from
Rs. 7.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 11.0 billion in fiscal 2019. While the provision as a percentage of retail loan
portfolio continues to remain low for the Bank, the provisions increased primarily due to an increase in the retail loan
portfolio, particularly home loans and unsecured products including personal loans and credit cards. The provisions also
included the impact of provision on farmer finance. See also “
Business–Risk management–Credit risk–Assessment of Retail Loans” and “Business–Classification of loans–Impact of Economic
Environment on Commercial and Consumer Loan Borrowers
”
.

190

Wholesale Banking

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   60,971   Rs.   73,355   US$   1,060   20.3   %
Non-interest income   35,907   40,381   585   12.5
Total income   96,878   113,736   1,645   17.4
Non-interest expenses   33,013   34,637   501   4.9
Profit before provisions   63,865   79,099   1,144   23.9
Provisions   146,678   181,522   2,625   23.8
Profit before tax   Rs.   (82,813   )   Rs.   (102,423   )   US$   (1,481   )   23.7   %

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   2,609,463   Rs.   2,829,914   US$   40,918   8.4   %
Deposits   1,590,326   1,757,918   25,418   10.5

The loan portfolio of the wholesale banking
segment increased by 8.4% from Rs. 2,609.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2,829.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. The
current account deposits increased by 5.9% from Rs. 508.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 538.3 billion at year-end fiscal
2019 and the term deposits in the segment increased by 12.7% from Rs. 1,081.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,219.7 billion
at year-end fiscal 2019.

The loss before tax of the wholesale banking
segment increased from Rs. 82.8 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 102.4 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in provisions,
offset, in part, by an increase in net interest income.

Net interest income increased by 20.3%
from Rs. 61.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 73.4 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in loan portfolio, higher
interest collection on non-performing assets during fiscal 2019, an increase in average current account deposits and term deposits.

Non-interest income increased by 12.4%
from Rs. 35.9 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 40.4 billion in fiscal 2019.

Provisions increased from Rs. 146.7 billion
in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 181.5 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to additional provisions on cases classified as non-performing
assets in earlier years, provision on non-fund based facilities and provision on non-banking assets acquired under debt-asset swap.
While additions to non-performing loans of the Bank reduced significantly, provisions remained elevated as the bank made additional
provisions on existing non-performing loans as required by applicable regulations resulting in an increase in provision in fiscal
2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. See Also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Provisions and contingencies
(excluding tax provisions)”.

Treasury

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   30,506   Rs.   31,994   US$   463   4.9   %
Non-interest income   67,994   29,485   426   (56.6   )
Total income   98,500   61,479   889   (37.6   )
Non-interest expenses   2,196   4,354   63   98.3
Profit before provisions   96,304   57,125   826   (40.7   )
Provisions   18,860   3,725   54   (80.2   )
Profit before tax   Rs.   77,444   Rs.   53,400   US$   772   (31.0   )%

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the closing balances of key assets and liabilities.

191

Closing balance at March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   2,030,755   Rs.   2,078,784   US$   30,058   2.4   %
Borrowings   1,828,586   1,653,200   23,904   (9.6   )%

Our treasury operations include the maintenance
and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign exchange and derivatives
products and services, such as forward contracts, swaps and options.

The profit before tax of the treasury segment
decreased by 31.0% from Rs. 77.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 53.4 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in non-interest
income, offset, in part, by a decrease in provisions.

Net interest income increased by 4.9% from
Rs. 30.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 32.0 billion in fiscal 2019.

Non-interest income decreased by 56.6%
from Rs. 68.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 29.5 billion in fiscal 2019. Non-interest income of fiscal 2018 included the gain on
sale of equity shares of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited of Rs. 20.1 billion and ICICI Securities Limited of Rs.
33.2 billion through an initial public offers. Non-interest income of fiscal 2019 included the gain on sale of equity shares of
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited of Rs. 11.1 billion through an offer for sale.

Provisions decreased from Rs. 18.9 billion
in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3.7 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to recovery towards bonds, which were fully provided in earlier
years, and lower provision on equity shares.

Other Banking

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   12,682   Rs.   16,332   US$   236   28.8   %
Non-interest income   2,611   2,143   31   (17.9   )
Total income   15,293   18,475   267   20.8
Non-interest expenses   4,621   5,285   76   14.4
Profit before provisions   10,672   13,190   191   23.6
Provisions   4,967   7,274   105   46.4
Profit before tax   Rs.   5,705   Rs.   5,916   US$   86   3.7   %

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the outstanding balances of the key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   527,050   Rs.   607,370   US$   8,782   15.2   %
Investments   74,433   95,867   1,386   28.8
Deposits   285,536   383,731   5,548   34.4
Borrowings   Rs.   247,984   Rs.   223,377   US$   3,230   (9.9   )%

Other banking business includes our leasing
operations, our overseas banking subsidiaries and other items not attributable to any particular business segment of the Bank.

The profit before tax of our other banking
segment increased from Rs. 5.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 5.9 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in net interest
income, offset, in part, by an increase in provisions.

Net interest income increased by 28.8%
from Rs. 12.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 16.3 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in interest received on income
tax refunds and an increase in interest income of ICICI Bank UK and ICICI Bank Canada. Interest on income tax refund increased
from Rs. 2.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 4.5 billion in fiscal 2019. Net interest income of ICICI Bank UK increased from Rs.
4.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 4.8

192

billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an
increase in average interest-earning assets and increase in yield on average interest-earning assets, offset, in part, by an increase
in cost of borrowings. Net interest income of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs. 4.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 5.0 billion
in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in net interest margin and an increase in advances.

Non-interest income decreased by 17.9%
from Rs. 2.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2.1 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to a decrease in non-interest income of ICICI
Bank UK and ICICI Bank Canada. Non-interest income of ICICI Bank UK decreased from Rs. 1.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 0.8 billion
in fiscal 2019 primarily due to loss on sale of corporate bonds. Non-interest income of ICICI Bank Canada decreased from Rs. 0.8
billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 0.5 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in foreign exchange income and loss on sell-down
of loans, offset, in part, by an increase in fee income.

Non-interest expenses increased by 14.4%
from Rs. 4.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 5.3 billion in fiscal 2019. Non-interest expenses of ICICI Bank UK increased from Rs.
2.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2.4 billion in fiscal 2019. Non-interest expenses of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs. 1.9
billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2.1 billion in fiscal 2019.

Provisions increased by 46.4% from Rs.
5.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 7.3 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to higher provisions made by ICICI Bank UK. Provisions
of our subsidiary in the UK increased from Rs. 5.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 7.4 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an
increase in specific provisions on impaired loans. Our Canadian subsidiary had a write-back of provisions of Rs. 0.5 billion in
fiscal 2019 as compared to Rs. 0.2 billion in fiscal 2018.

Advances increased by 15.2% from Rs. 527.1
billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 607.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in advances of the Bank
and ICICI Bank UK. Advances of the Bank, other than retail and wholesale, increased from Rs. 80.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018
to Rs. 140.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in loans against Foreign Currency Non-Resident (Bank)
deposits. Advances of ICICI Bank UK increased from Rs. 155.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 169.8 billion at year-end fiscal
2019. Advances of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs. 290.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 297.6 billion at year-end fiscal
2019.

Investments increased by 28.8% from Rs.
74.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 95.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2019, due to an increase in investments of ICICI Bank
UK and ICICI Bank Canada. The investment portfolio of ICICI Bank UK increased from Rs. 52.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to
Rs. 62.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in investments in government securities. The investment portfolio
of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs. 22.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 33.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily
due to an increase in bankers’ acceptances and treasury bills.

Deposits increased by 34.4% from Rs. 285.5
billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 383.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. Deposits of the Bank, other than retail and wholesale,
increased from Rs. 28.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 70.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase
in Foreign Currency Non-Resident (Bank) deposits. Deposits of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs. 142.8 billion at year-end fiscal
2018 to Rs. 164.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in term deposits, offset, in part, by a decrease
in savings account deposits. Deposits of ICICI Bank UK increased from Rs. 114.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 148.0 billion
at year-end fiscal 2019, primarily due to an increase in term deposits.

Borrowings decreased by 9.9% from Rs. 248.0
billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 223.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in the borrowings of ICICI
Bank UK. Borrowings of ICICI Bank UK decreased from Rs. 102.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 to Rs. 80.8 billion at year-end fiscal
2019 primarily due to a decrease in inter-bank and long-term borrowings. Borrowings of ICICI Bank Canada decreased from Rs. 145.2
billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 142.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2019.

With regard to our overseas banking subsidiaries,
recent global developments, including movement in oil prices, trade-related disputes and uncertainties regarding finalization of
the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, are expected to impact economic growth in Canada and the United Kingdom,
respectively, which in turn could impact the business of our banking subsidiaries in these countries.

Life Insurance

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

193

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Premium earned   Rs.   270,688   Rs.   309,298   US$   4,472   14.3   %
Premium on re-insurance ceded   (2,581   )   (3,515   )   (51   )   36.2
Net premium earned   268,107   305,783   4,421   14.1
Other income   24,601   25,335   366   3.0
Investment income   32,481   35,875   519   10.4
Total income   325,189   366,993   5,306   12.9
Commission paid   14,033   15,513   224   10.5
Claims/benefits paid   15,119   17,342   251   14.7
Operating expenses   21,801   27,457   397   25.9
Total expenses   50,953   60,310   872   18.4
Transfer to linked funds   196,062   217,899   3,151   11.1
Provisions for policy holder liabilities (non-linked)   60,978   77,154   1,116   26.5
Profit before tax   Rs.   17,196   Rs.   11,630   US$   167   (32.4   )%

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the outstanding balance of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   395,470   Rs.   462,273   US$   6,684   16.9   %
Assets held to cover linked liabilities   975,020   1,109,458   16,042   13.8
Liabilities on life policies   Rs.   1,314,884   Rs.   1,523,788   US$   22,033   15.9   %

The life insurance industry in
India registered a growth of 9.0% in retail weighted new business premium in fiscal 2019, according to the Life Insurance
Council with retail weighted new business premium of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company declining by 4.9%. ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company had a market share of 17.7% in private sector on a retail weighted new business premium
basis in fiscal 2019 compared to 20.9% in fiscal 2018, according to Life Insurance Council. Overall market share was 10.3% in
fiscal 2019 on a retail weighted new business premium basis compared to 11.8% in fiscal 2018, according to Life Insurance Council.
Assets under management increased by 15.0% from Rs. 1,395.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,604.1 billion at
year-end fiscal 2019.

Every insurer in India is required to maintain
an excess of the value of assets over the amount of liabilities of not less than an amount prescribed by the Insurance and Regulatory
Development Authority of India, which is referred to as a Required Solvency Margin. The actual excess of assets over liabilities
maintained by the insurer is termed as Available Solvency Margin. The ratio of Available Solvency Margin to the Required Solvency
Margin is referred to as solvency margin. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company’s solvency margin was 214.9% at year-end
2019 compared to the stipulated requirement of 150%.

The profit before tax of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company decreased from Rs. 17.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 11.6 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to higher
new business strains resulting from the new business growth of protection and annuity business. New business strains arise when
the premium paid at the commencement of a contract is not sufficient to cover the initial expenses including acquisition costs
and due to any mathematical reserve that ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company needs to set up at that point.

The total premium income of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company increased by 14.3% from Rs. 270.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 309.3 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due
to an increase in retail renewal premium and group premium. Retail renewal premium increased by 15.6% from Rs. 175.0 billion in
fiscal 2018 to Rs. 202.3 billion in fiscal 2019. Group premium increased from Rs. 11.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 25.7 billion
in fiscal 2019. Retail new business premium decreased by 3.1% from Rs. 84.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 81.4 billion in fiscal
2019.

Other income of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company increased by 3.0% from Rs. 24.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 25.3 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase
in mortality charges and fund management charges.

Investment income of ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company increased by 10.4% from Rs. 32.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 35.9 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an
increase in interest income on account of an increase in

194

average interest-earning assets. The interest
income increased from Rs. 23.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 27.5 billion in fiscal 2019. The net realized gains decreased from
Rs. 8.8 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 8.4 billion in fiscal 2019.

Commission expenses of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company increased by 10.5% from Rs. 14.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 15.5 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due
to growth in total premium.

Claims and benefit payouts of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company increased by 14.7% from Rs. 15.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 17.3 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due
to an increase in death, maturity and survival claims.

Transfer to linked funds including the
investible portion of the premium on linked policies of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 11.1% from Rs. 196.1
billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 217.9 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in linked premium. The investible portion
of the premium on linked policies of life insurance represents the premium income including renewal premium received on linked
policies of life insurance business invested, after deducting charges and premium for risk coverage, in the underlying asset or
index chosen by the policy holder.

Assets held to cover the linked liabilities
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased from Rs. 975.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,109.5 billion at year-end
fiscal 2019.

Liabilities on life policies of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company increased by 15.9% from Rs. 1,314.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,523.8 billion at year-end fiscal
2019.

General Insurance

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Gross written premium (including premium on re-insurance accepted)   Rs.   126,001   Rs.   147,892   US$   2,138   17.4   %
Premium on re-insurance ceded   (47,553   )   (52,507   )   (759   )   10.4
Unexpired risk reserve   (9,330   )   (11,632   )   (168   )   24.7
Net premium earned   69,117   83,753   1,211   21.2
Commission income (net)   2,840   (2,229   )   (32   )   -
Investment income from pool (1)   275   297   4   8.1
Investment income   14,822   17,548   254   18.4
Total income   87,054   99,369   1,437   14.1
Operating expenses   21,119   19,898   288   (5.8   )
Claims/benefits paid (net)   53,147   63,081   912   18.7
Other expenses (net)   826   406   6   (50.8   )
Total expense   75,092   83,385   1,206   11.0
Profit/(loss) before tax   Rs.   11,962   Rs.   15,984   US$   231   33.6   %

(1)   Investment income from pool represents our share of income from the terrorism pool. The pool represents a multilateral re-insurance
arrangement entered into by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited together with other Indian insurance companies and
the General Insurance Corporation of India. The funds belonging to the terrorism pool are administered by the General Insurance
Corporation of India.

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   180,261   Rs.   214,959   US$   3,108   19.2   %
Current liabilities including claims outstanding   195,112   216,228   3,126   10.8
Provisions   Rs.   44,784   Rs.   56,359   US$   815   25.8   %

195

The industry witnessed a growth of 12.9%
in fiscal 2019 on the basis of gross direct premium primarily due to the growth in health and personal accident, marine hull, aviation,
motor third party and liability insurance segment. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited registered a growth of 17.2%
in gross direct premium during fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in motor, fire, marine, personal accident and health insurance
portfolio. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited maintained its leadership position among private sector general insurance
companies (including private standalone health insurers) with a market share of 15.6% during fiscal 2019. (Source: General Insurance
Council/Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India).

The profit before tax of ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company increased by 33.6% from Rs. 12.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 16.0 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily
due to an increase in net earned premium and investment income, offset, in part, by an increase in net claims incurred.

The gross direct premium income increased
by 17.2% from Rs. 123.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 144.9 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in motor, fire,
marine, personal accident and health insurance business. The net premium income increased from Rs. 69.1 billion in fiscal 2018
to Rs. 83.8 billion in fiscal 2019.

Net commission income (net of commission
expenses paid) was expense of Rs. 2.2 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to net commission income of Rs. 2.8 billion in fiscal
2018 primarily due to an increase in direct commission paid on motor insurance business.

Investment income increased by 18.4% from
Rs. 14.8 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 17.5 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in interest income. Interest income
increased from Rs. 10.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 13.3 billion in fiscal 2019. Realized gain on sale of investment securities
decreased from Rs. 4.4 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 4.3 billion in fiscal 2019.

Operating expenses decreased by 5.8% from
Rs. 21.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 19.9 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in business support expenses, offset,
in part, by an increase in staff cost.

Claims/benefits paid increased by 18.7%
from Rs. 53.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 63.1 billion in fiscal 2019.

Investments increased by 19.2% from Rs.
180.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 215.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in investment in
government securities and bonds and debentures. Current liabilities, including claims outstanding, increased by 10.8% from Rs.
195.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 to Rs. 216.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in claims outstanding
and re-insurance and coinsurance payables.

The solvency margin was 224.0% at year-end
fiscal 2019 as against the stipulated requirement of 150.0% at year-end fiscal 2019.

Combined ratio [(Net incurred claims/Net
earned premium) + (Operating Expenses + Commission (net) / Net written premium] was 98.5% in fiscal 2019 compared to 100.2% in
fiscal 2018 primarily due to improvements in loss ratio (Net claims incurred/Net earned premium). Loss ratio decreased from 76.9%
in fiscal 2018 to 75.3% in fiscal 2019.

Others

The “others” segment mainly
includes ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited, ICICI Securities Limited,
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited.

ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company
manages the ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, which was the second largest mutual fund in India in terms of average funds under management
for the three months ended March 31, 2019 according to the Association of Mutual Funds in India.

ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited are engaged in equity underwriting and brokerage and primary dealership in government securities respectively.
ICICI Securities Limited owns icicidirect.com, a leading online brokerage platform.

The profit before tax of the “others”
segment decreased from Rs. 21.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 20.2 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in profit
before tax of ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, offset,
in part, by an increase in profit before tax of ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited and ICICI Venture Funds Management
Company limited.

196

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019   2019/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   6,155   Rs.   6,912   US$   100   12.3   %
Non-interest income   38,021   37,042   536   (2.6   )
Total income   44,176   43,954   636   (0.5   )
Non-interest expenses   22,117   22,788   329   3.0
Operating profit before provisions and tax   22,059   21,166   307   (4.0   )
Provisions   1,019   996   14   (2.2   )
Profit before tax   Rs.   21,040   Rs.   20,170   US$   293   (4.1   )%

Net interest income increased by 12.3%
from Rs. 6.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 6.9 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in net interest income of our
Securities broking subsidiary.

Non-interest income decreased by 2.6% from
Rs. 38.0 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 37.0 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in fees income of our securities
broking subsidiary and a decrease in trading gains of our primary dealership subsidiary, offset, in part, by an increase in management
fees of our asset management subsidiary and an increase in income from venture capital units of our private equity subsidiary.

Non-interest expenses increased by 3.0%
from Rs. 22.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 22.8 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in administrative expenses
and staff expenses of our housing finance subsidiary.

The profit before tax of ICICI Securities
Limited decreased from Rs. 8.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 7.6 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to a decrease in fee income,
offset, in part, by an increase in net interest income and a decrease in other administrative expenses. Fee income decreased primarily
due to a decrease in brokerage income, corporate finance fees and third party product distribution fees. The brokerage income decreased
due to lower secondary market retail volumes. The third party product distribution fees decreased primarily due to a decrease in
business volumes of mutual fund distribution. During fiscal 2018, the Securities and Exchange Board of India allowed brokers to
offer margin funding to their clients. ICICI Securities Limited had outstanding advances for margin funding of Rs. 3.4 billion
at year-end fiscal 2019 as compared to Rs. 5.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

The profit before tax of ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited decreased from Rs. 1.7 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1.0 billion in fiscal 2019, primarily due to a
decrease in fee income and trading gains. Fee income decreased primarily due to execution of lesser number of deals in fiscal 2019
as compared to fiscal 2018. Trading gains decreased primarily due to an increase in yield on government securities during the year
resulting in lower trading opportunity.

The profit before tax of ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company Limited increased from Rs. 9.5 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 10.5 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due
to an increase in fee income on account of an increase in average assets under management. Fee income increased from Rs. 18.2 billion
in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 19.3 billion in fiscal 2019. Average assets under management for mutual funds increased from Rs. 2,963.4
billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 3,193.3 billion in fiscal 2019 and average assets under management for equity schemes increased from
Rs. 1,327.3 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,549.7 billion in fiscal 2019 (Source: Association of Mutual Funds of India). During
fiscal 2019, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company, based on communication from the regulator, paid compensation with interest
amounting to Rs. 1.1 billion to certain schemes of ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund in connection with shares allotted to these schemes
in the initial public offering of ICICI Securities Limited in March 2018, and also compensated the investors in these schemes who
had redeemed their units since the March 2018 allotment.

The profit before tax of ICICI Home Finance
Company Limited decreased from Rs. 1.1 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 0.4 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to an increase in
administrative expenses. Administrative expenses increased primarily due to an increase in branches and employee base. Net interest
income decreased from Rs. 2.6 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 2.5 billion in fiscal 2019. Fees income increased from Rs. 0.3 billion
in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 0.4 billion in fiscal 2019. Provisions remained at a similar level of Rs. 0.9 billion in fiscal 2018 and
fiscal 2019.

The profit before tax of ICICI Venture
Fund Management Company Limited increased from Rs. 0.2 billion in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 0.7 billion in fiscal 2019 primarily due to
an increase in income from venture capital units.

Fiscal 2018 Compared with Fiscal 2017

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, profit before tax of various segments.

197

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail Banking   Rs.   53,853   Rs.   71,414   US$   1,033   32.6   %
Wholesale Banking   (74,341   )   (82,813   )   (1,197   )   11.4
Treasury   120,814   77,443   1,120   (35.9   )
Other Banking   3,022   5,705   82   88.8
Life Insurance   17,849   17,191   249   (3.7   )
General Insurance   9,101   11,962   173   31.4
Others   21,764   21,041   304   (3.3   )
Profit before tax   Rs.   152,062   Rs.   121,943   US$   1,764   (19.8   %)

Retail Banking

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   113,270   Rs.   134,488   US$   1,945   18.7   %
Non-interest income   57,535   65,720   950   14.2
Total income   170,805   200,208   2,895   17.2
Non-interest expenses   112,260   121,340   1,754   8.1
Profit before provisions   58,545   78,868   1,141   34.7
Provisions   4,692   7,454   108   58.9
Profit before tax   Rs.   53,853   Rs.   71,414   US$   1,033   32.6   %

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   1,999,885   Rs.   2,433,639   US$   35,189   21.7   %
Deposits   3,518,338   3,988,658   57,673   13.4

The Bank has been pursuing a conscious
strategy of maintaining a robust funding profile by increasing the share of low cost current account and savings account deposits
in total funding and is focusing on growing the retail portfolio. Growth in advances in the retail segment was primarily due to
an increase in home loans, personal loans, rural loans, business banking and automobile loans.

Loans in the retail banking segment increased
by 21.7% from Rs. 1,999.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,433.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. The Bank maintained its
focus on strengthening its deposit franchise reflected in the increase in the retail deposit base. The savings account deposits
of the segment increased by 17.0% from Rs. 1,718.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,009.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.
The current account deposits of the segment increased by 14.5% from Rs. 332.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 381.2 billion
at year-end fiscal 2018. The term deposits of the segment increased by 8.9% from Rs. 1,467.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to
Rs. 1,597.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018. The overall retail deposits increased by 13.4% from Rs. 3,518.3 billion at year-end
fiscal 2017 to Rs. 3,988.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

The profit before tax of the retail banking
segment increased by 32.6% from Rs. 53.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 71.4 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase
in net interest income and non-interest income.

Net interest income increased by 18.7%
from Rs. 113.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 134.5 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in the average loan portfolio
and an increase in average current account and savings account deposits.

198

Non-interest income increased by 14.2%
from Rs. 57.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 65.7 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in fees income from credit
card portfolio, transaction banking fees, third party product distribution fees and lending linked fees.

Non-interest expenses increased by 8.1%
from Rs. 112.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs 121.3 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in employee cost and other
administrative expenses reflecting an increase in business volume.

Provisions increased by 58.9% from Rs.
4.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 7.5 billion in fiscal 2018. The increase in provisions were primarily due to higher growth in
the retail portfolio, particularly auto loans, home loans and unsecured products including personal loans and credit cards. Further,
in fiscal 2017, there was higher recovery/write back of provisions as compared to fiscal 2018. See also “
Business –
Risk management – Credit risk – Assessment of Retail Loans” and “Business – Classification of loans
– Impact of Economic Environment on Commercial and Consumer Loan Borrowers
”
.

The retail segment will remain the key
driver of our growth, with segments like business banking, credit cards and personal loans growing at a higher pace off a lower
base, while home loans will continue to be the largest part of the portfolio.

Wholesale Banking

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   65,712   Rs.   60,971   US$   882   (7.2   %)
Non-interest income   35,304   35,907   519   1.7
Total income   101,016   96,878   1,401   (4.1   )
Non-interest expenses   32,414   33,013   477   1.8
Profit before provisions   68,602   63,865   923   (6.9   )
Provisions   142,943   146,678   2,121   2.6
Profit before tax   Rs.   (74,341   )   Rs.   (82,813   )   US$   (1,197   )   11.4   %

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2018 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   2,565,395   Rs.   2,609,463   US$   37,731   1.7   %
Deposits   1,358,117   1,590,326   22,995   17.1   %

Under the wholesale banking segment, we
adopted a two-pronged strategy of improving both portfolio quality and earnings quality. In fiscal 2018, in line with the Bank’s
strategy of enhancing the quality of its portfolio, the wholesale banking segment focused its incremental lending efforts on higher
rated, well-established corporations. In addition, the Bank has strengthened its framework for managing concentration risk with
respect to single borrower and group exposures, based on the internal rating and track record of the borrowers. The exposure limits
for lower rated borrowers and groups are substantially lower than the regulatory limits. Our approach to resolution and recovery
in the existing portfolio involves working with sponsors for the deleveraging through sale of assets and businesses, working with
all stakeholders to improve the operations and cash flow generation of borrowers and the enforcement of contractual rights and
in addition referring the cases for resolution with the National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.

The loan portfolio of the wholesale banking
segment increased by 1.7% from Rs. 2,565.4 billion at year end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,609.5 billion at year end fiscal 2018. The
current account deposits increased by 21.9% from Rs. 417.1 billion at year end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 508.4 billion at year end fiscal
2018 and the term deposits in the segment increased by 15.0% from Rs. 941.1 billion at year end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,081.9 billion
at year end fiscal 2018.

The loss before tax of the wholesale banking
segment increased from Rs. 74.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 82.8 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to a decrease in net interest
income.

199

Net interest income decreased by 7.2% from
Rs. 65.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 61.0 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to non-accrual of interest income on loans classified
as non-performing. There were higher additions to non-performing assets during fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018. The Bank accounts for
interest income on a cash basis on non-performing assets.

Non-interest income increased marginally
by 1.7% from Rs. 35.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 35.9 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in income from forex
and derivative products, offset, in part, by a decrease in lending linked fees.

The additions to non-performing assets
during fiscal 2018 included the impact of revised framework for resolution of stressed assets issued by the Reserve Bank of India
in February 2018, which superseded the earlier guidelines on strategic debt restructuring, change in ownership outside strategic
debt restructuring (except projects under implementation) and the scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets with immediate
effect. Under the revised framework, the stand-still benefits in asset classification of borrowers where any of these schemes had
been invoked but not yet implemented were withdrawn. Hence, the Bank classified loans where any of these schemes had been invoked
but not implemented as nonperforming at year-end fiscal 2018.

Provisions during fiscal 2018 remained
elevated at Rs. 146.7 billion in fiscal 2018 as compared to Rs. 142.9 billion in fiscal 2017, primarily due to higher additions
to non-performing assets, higher provisions on certain cases referred to the National Company Law Tribunal under the provisions
of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 and further provisions on loans classified as non-performing assets in earlier years. See
Also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Provisions and contingencies (excluding tax provisions)”.

Treasury

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   31,615   Rs.   30,506   US$   441   (3.5   )%
Non-interest income   98,701   67,994   983   (31.1   )
Total income   130,316   98,500   1,424   (24.4   )
Non-interest expenses   2,177   2,196   32   0.9
Profit before provisions   128,139   96,304   1,392   (24.8   )
Provisions   7,325   18,860   273   157.5
Profit before tax   Rs.   120,814   Rs.   77,444   US$   1,119   35.9   %

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the closing balances of key assets and liabilities.

Closing balance at March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   1,615,348   Rs.   2,030,755   US$   29,363   25.7   %
Borrowings   1,475,562   1,828,586   26,440   (23.9   %)

Our treasury operations include the maintenance
and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign exchange and derivatives
products and services, such as forward contracts, swaps and options.

The profit before tax of the treasury segment
decreased by 35.9% from Rs. 120.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 77.4 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to a decrease in realized
gain on government securities on account of an increase in yield of government securities and an increase in provisions.

Net interest income decreased by 3.5% from
Rs. 31.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 30.5 billion in fiscal 2018.

Non-interest income decreased by 31.1%
from Rs. 98.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 68.0 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to a decrease in realized gain on government
securities and decrease in dividend from subsidiaries during fiscal 2018.

200

Non-interest income of fiscal 2018 included
the gain on sale of equity shares of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited of Rs. 20.1 billion and ICICI Securities Limited
of Rs. 33.2 billion through an initial public offer. Non-interest income of fiscal 2017 included the gain on sale of equity shares
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited of Rs. 56.8 billion through initial public offer.

Provisions increased from Rs. 7.3 billion
in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 18.9 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to higher provisions on equity shares, preference shares, bonds
and debentures acquired on loan conversion cases under strategic debt restructuring and scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed
assets.

Other Banking

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   15,184   Rs.   12,682   US$   183   (16.5   %)
Non-interest income   3,095   2,611   38   (15.6   )
Total income   18,279   15,293   221   (16.3   )
Non-interest expenses   4,703   4,621   67   (1.7   )
Profit before provisions   13,576   10,672   154   (21.4   )
Provisions   10,554   4,967   72   (52.9   )
Profit before tax   Rs.   3,022   Rs.   5,705   US$   82   88.8

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the outstanding balances of the key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   502,938   Rs.   527,050   US$   7,621   4.8   %
Investments   76,940   74,433   1,076   (3.3   )
Deposits   255,054   285,536   4,129   12.0
Borrowings   Rs.   232,139   Rs.   247,984   US$   3,586   6.8   %

Other banking business includes our leasing
operations, our overseas banking subsidiaries and other items not attributable to any particular business segment of the Bank.

The profit before tax of our other banking
segment increased from Rs. 3.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5.7 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to a decrease in provisions,
offset, in part, by a decrease in net interest income.

Net interest income decreased by 16.5%
from Rs. 15.2 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 12.7 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to a decrease in interest received on income
tax refunds from Rs. 4.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2.8 billion in fiscal 2018. Net interest income of ICICI Bank UK decreased
from Rs. 4.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 4.4 billion in fiscal 2018. Net interest income of ICICI Bank Canada increased from
Rs. 3.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 4.0 billion in fiscal 2018.

Non-interest income decreased by 16.1%
from Rs. 3.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2.6 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to a decrease in non-interest income of ICICI
Bank Canada. Non-interest income of ICICI Bank Canada decreased from Rs. 1.2 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 0.8 billion in fiscal
2018. Non-interest income of ICICI Bank Canada was higher in fiscal 2017 due to capital gain on call-back of corporate bonds. Non-interest
income of ICICI Bank UK decreased from Rs. 1.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1.0 billion in fiscal 2018.

Non-interest expenses decreased marginally
from Rs. 4.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 4.6 billion in fiscal 2018. Non-interest expenses of ICICI Bank UK decreased from Rs.
2.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2.2 billion in fiscal 2018. Non-interest expenses of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs. 1.7
billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1.9 billion in fiscal 2018.

Provisions decreased by 52.9% from Rs.
10.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5.0 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to lower provisions made by ICICI Bank Canada. Provisions
of our Canadian subsidiary decreased from a provision of Rs. 5.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to a write-back of Rs. 0.2 billion in fiscal
2018 primarily due to a decrease in specific

201

provisions on impaired loans. Net non-performing
assets of ICICI Bank Canada decreased from Rs. 0.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Nil at year-end fiscal 2018. Provisions of
our subsidiary in the UK increased from Rs. 4.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 5.1 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase
in specific provision on impaired loans. Net non-performing assets of ICICI Bank UK decreased from Rs. 14.6 billion at year-end
fiscal 2017 to Rs. 12.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

Advances increased by 4.8% from Rs. 502.9
billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 527.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in advances of ICICI
Bank Canada. Advances of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs. 272.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 290.7 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018 primarily due to fresh disbursements of corporate loans and mortgage originations during fiscal 2018. Advances of the
Bank, other than retail and wholesale, increased from Rs. 77.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 80.9 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018. Advances of ICICI Bank UK increased marginally from Rs. 153.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 155.5 billion
at year-end fiscal 2018.

Investments decreased by 3.3% from Rs.
76.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 74.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2018, primarily due to a decrease in investments of
ICICI Bank Canada, offset, in part, by an increase in investments of ICICI Bank UK. The investment portfolio of ICICI Bank Canada
decreased from Rs. 32.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 22.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to maturity/closure
of treasury bills and bankers’ acceptances. The investment portfolio of ICICI Bank UK increased from Rs. 44.3 billion at
year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 52.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in investments in government securities.

Deposits increased by 12.0% from Rs. 255.1
billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 285.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in deposits of ICICI
Bank Canada and ICICI Bank UK. Deposits of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs. 124.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 142.8
billion at year-end fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in current account deposits and term deposits, offset, in part, by
a decrease in savings account deposits. Deposits of ICICI Bank UK increased from Rs. 106.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs.
114.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018, primarily due to an increase in current and savings deposits, offset, in part, by a decrease
in term deposits. Deposits of the Bank other than retail and wholesale, increased from Rs. 23.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017
to Rs. 28.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

Borrowings increased by 6.8% from Rs. 232.1
billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 248.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in the borrowings of
ICICI Bank UK. Borrowings of ICICI Bank UK increased from Rs. 81.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 102.8 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in inter-bank, long term borrowings and borrowings from central bank under Term Funding
Scheme. Borrowings of ICICI Bank Canada decreased from Rs. 150.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 145.2 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018 primarily due to net repayment of securitized borrowings.

Life Insurance

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Premium earned   Rs.   223,540   Rs.   270,688   US$   3,914   21.1   %
Premium on re-insurance ceded   (1,988   )   (2,581   )   (37   )   29.8
Net premium earned   221,552   268,107   3,877   21.0
Other income   22,305   24,601   356   10.3
Investment income   26,605   32,481   470   22.1
Total income   270,462   325,189   4,703   20.2
Commission paid   7,589   14,033   203   84.9
Claims/benefits paid   11,118   15,119   219   36.0
Operating expenses   24,728   21,801   315   (11.8   )
Total expenses   43,435   50,953   737   17.3
Transfer to linked funds   160,605   196,062   2,835   22.1
Provisions for policy holder liabilities (non-linked)   48,573   60,978   882   25.5
Profit before tax   Rs.   17,849   Rs.   17,196   US$   249   (3.7   )%

202

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the outstanding balance of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   325,351   Rs.   395,470   US$   5,718   21.6   %
Assets held to cover linked liabilities   878,784   975,020   14,098   11.0
Liabilities on life policies   Rs.   1,154,974   Rs.   1,314,884   US$   19,012   13.8   %

The life insurance industry in India registered
a growth of 19.2% in retail weighted new business premium in fiscal 2018, according to the Life Insurance Council with ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company registering a growth of 16.4%. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company achieved a market share of 20.9%
in private sector on a retail weighted new business premium basis in fiscal 2018 compared to 22.3% in fiscal 2017. Overall market
share was 11.8% in fiscal 2018 on a retail weighted new business premium basis compared to 12.0% in fiscal 2017. Assets under management
increased by 13.5% from Rs. 1,229.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,395.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018.

Every insurer in India is required to maintain
an excess of the value of assets over the amount of liabilities of not less than an amount prescribed by the Insurance and Regulatory
Development Authority of India, which is referred to as a Required Solvency Margin. The actual excess of assets over liabilities
maintained by the insurer is termed as Available Solvency Margin. The ratio of Available Solvency Margin to the Required Solvency
Margin is referred to as solvency margin. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company’s solvency margin was 252.0% at year-end
2018 compared to the stipulated requirement of 150%.

The profit before tax of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company decreased from Rs. 17.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 17.2 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase
in transfer to linked funds and provision for policy holder liability, offset, in part, by an increase in net earned premium. Profit
before tax was also impacted due to higher new business strains resulting from the new business growth. New business strains arise
when the premium paid at the commencement of a contract is not sufficient to cover the initial expenses including acquisition costs
and any mathematical reserve that ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company needs to set up at that point.

The total premium income of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company increased by 21.1% from Rs. 223.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 270.7 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due
to an increase in retail renewal premium and retail new business premium. Retail renewal premium increased by 23.1% from Rs. 142.2
billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 175.0 billion in fiscal 2018. Retail new business premium increased by 18.8% from Rs. 70.7 billion
in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 84.0 billion in fiscal 2018. Group premium increased from Rs. 10.7 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 11.7 billion
in fiscal 2018.

Other income of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company increased by 10.3% from Rs. 22.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 24.6 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase
in fund management charges, mortality charges and policy administration charges.

Investment income of ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company increased by 22.2% from Rs. 26.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 32.5 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an
increase in net realized gains and interest income. The interest income increased from Rs. 20.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 23.7
billion in fiscal 2018. The net realized gains increased from Rs. 6.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 8.8 billion in fiscal 2018
primarily due to higher realized gains on sale of equity shares.

Commission expenses of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company increased by 84.2% from Rs. 7.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 14.0 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due
to the change in product mix and growth in business volume.

Claims and benefit payouts of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company increased by 36.0% from Rs. 11.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 15.1 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due
to an increase in death, maturity and surrender claims.

Transfer to linked funds including the
investible portion of the premium on linked policies of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 22.1% from Rs. 160.6
billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 196.1 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in linked premium. The investible portion
of the premium on linked policies of life insurance represents the premium income including renewal premium received on linked
policies of life insurance business invested, after deducting charges and premium for risk coverage, in the underlying asset or
index chosen by the policy holder.

203

Assets held to cover the linked liabilities
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased from Rs. 878.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 975.0 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in investments in equity shares and corporate bonds.

Liabilities on life policies of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company increased by 13.8% from Rs. 1,155.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,314.9 billion at year-end fiscal
2018.

General Insurance

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Gross written premium (including premium on re-insurance accepted)   Rs.   109,605   Rs.   126,001   US$   1,822   15.0   %
Premium on re-insurance ceded   (43,657   )   (47,553   )   (688   )   8.9
Unexpired risk reserve   (4,312   )   (9,330   )   (135   )   116.4
Net premium earned   61,636   69,117   999   12.1
Commission income (net)   4,341   2,840   41   (34.6   )
Investment income from pool (1)   245   275   4   12.3
Investment income   13,105   14,822   214   15.5
Total income   79,327   87,054   1,258   10.1
Operating expenses   19,820   21,119   305   6.6
Claims/benefits paid (net)   49,543   53,147   768   7.3
Other expenses (net)   863   826   12   39.7
Total expense   70,226   75,092   1,085   7.3
Profit/(loss) before tax   Rs.   9,101   Rs.   11,962   US$   173   31.4   %

(1)   Investment income from pool represents our share of income from the terrorism pool. The pool represents a multilateral re-insurance
arrangement entered into by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited together with other Indian insurance companies and
the General Insurance Corporation of India. The funds belonging to the terrorism pool are administered by the General Insurance
Corporation of India.

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   146,680   Rs.   180,261   US$   2,606   22.9   %
Current liabilities including claims outstanding   149,149   195,112   2,821   30.8
Provisions   Rs.   35,485   Rs.   44,784   US$   648   26.2   %

The industry witnessed a growth of 17.5%
in fiscal 2018 on the basis of gross direct premium primarily due to growth in crop, health and motor insurance segment. ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited registered a growth of 15.2% in gross direct premium during fiscal 2018 primarily due
to an increase in health and motor insurance portfolio. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited has maintained its leadership
position among private sector general insurance companies with a market share of 16.8% during fiscal 2018. (Source: General Insurance
Council/Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India).

The profit before tax of ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company increased by 31.4% from Rs. 9.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 12.0 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due
to an increase in net earned premium and investment income, offset, in part, by a decrease in net commission income and an increase
in net claims incurred.

The gross direct premium income increased
by 15.2% from Rs. 107.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 123.6 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in motor and health
insurance business. The net premium income increased from Rs. 61.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 69.1 billion in fiscal 2018.

204

Net commission income decreased by 34.6%
from Rs. 4.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2.8 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in direct commission paid on
motor insurance business and a decrease in re-insurance commission income on crop insurance.

Investment income increased by 13.0% from
Rs. 13.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 14.8 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in interest income and net realized
gains. Interest income increased from Rs. 8.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 10.0 billion in fiscal 2018. Realized gain on sale
of investment securities increased from Rs. 3.9 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 4.4 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to higher
gain on equity investments and government securities.

Operating expenses increased by 6.6% from
Rs. 19.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 21.1 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in advertising and publicity expenses.

Claims/benefits paid increased by 7.3%
from Rs. 49.5 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 53.1 billion in fiscal 2018 reflecting an increase in crop/weather insurance claims.

Investments increased by 22.9% from Rs.
146.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 180.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in investment in
debentures, bonds and equity shares. Current liabilities, including claims outstanding, increased by 30.8% from Rs. 149.1 billion
at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 195.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in claims outstanding and re-insurance
and coinsurance payables.

The solvency margin was 205.0% at year-end
fiscal 2018 as against the stipulated requirement of 150.0% at year-end fiscal 2018.

Combined ratio [(Net incurred claims/Net
earned premium) + (Management Expenses - Commission on reinsurance)/Net written premium] was 100.2% in fiscal 2018 compared to
103.9% in fiscal 2017 primarily due to a decrease in loss ratios (Net claims incurred/Net earned premium) of motor and health insurance
segment. Loss ratio decreased from 80.4% in fiscal 2017 to 76.9% in fiscal 2018.

Others

The “others” segment mainly
includes ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited, ICICI Securities Limited,
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited.

ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company
manages the ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, which was the largest mutual fund in India in terms of average funds under management
for the period ended March 31, 2018 according to Association of Mutual Funds in India.

ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited are engaged in equity underwriting and brokerage and primary dealership in government securities respectively.
ICICI Securities Limited owns icicidirect.com, a leading online brokerage platform.

The profit before tax of the “others”
segment decreased from Rs. 21.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 21.0 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to a decrease in profit
before tax of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, offset, in part, by an increase
in profit before tax of ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited.

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2017   2018   2018   2018/2017 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   5,400   Rs.   6,155   US$   89   14.0   %
Non-interest income   34,215   38,021   550   11.1
Total income   39,615   44,176   639   11.5
Non-interest expenses   17,761   22,117   320   24.5
Operating profit before provisions and tax   21,854   22,059   319   0.9
Provisions   90   1,019   15   1,032.2
Profit before tax   Rs.   21,764   Rs.   21,040   US$   304   (3.3   )%

205

Net interest income increased by 14.0%
from Rs. 5.4 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 6.2 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in net interest income of our
Securities broking subsidiary and primary dealership subsidiary, offset, in part, by a decrease in net interest income of our home
finance subsidiary.

Non-interest income increased by 11.1%
from Rs. 34.2 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 38.0 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in fees income of our securities
broking subsidiary and management fees of our asset management subsidiary, offset, in part, by a decrease in trading gains of our
primary dealership subsidiary.

Non-interest expenses increased by 24.5%
from Rs. 17.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 22.1 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in administrative expenses
and staff expenses of our asset management and securities broking subsidiary.

The profit before tax of ICICI Securities
Limited increased from Rs. 5.2 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 8.5 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in fee income
and net interest income, offset, in part, by an increase in staff cost and other administrative expenses. Fee income increased
primarily due to an increase in brokerage income and third party product distribution fees. The brokerage income increased due
to higher secondary market retail volumes. The third party product distribution fees increased primarily due to an increase in
business volumes of mutual fund and wealth products. During fiscal 2018, the Securities and Exchange Board of India allowed brokers
to offer margin funding to their clients. ICICI Securities Limited had outstanding advances for margin funding of Rs. 5.6 billion
at year-end fiscal 2018.

The profit before tax of ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited decreased from Rs. 6.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1.7 billion in fiscal 2018, primarily due to a
sharp decline in trading gains. Trading gains decreased primarily due to an increase in yield on government securities resulting
in lower trading opportunity.

The profit before tax of ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company Limited increased from Rs. 7.3 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 9.5 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due
to an increase in fee income on account of an increase in average assets under management and change in product-mix in favor of
equity mutual fund, which earns higher fees. Fee income increased from Rs. 13.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 18.2 billion in fiscal
2018. The above increase was, offset, in part, by an increase in other administrative expenses. Average assets under management
for mutual funds increased from Rs. 2,214.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2,963.4 billion in fiscal 2018 and average assets under
management for equity schemes increased from Rs. 777.2 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1,327.3 billion in fiscal 2018 (Source: Association
of Mutual Funds of India). Other administrative expenses increased from Rs. 4.4 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 7.3 billion in fiscal
2018.

The profit before tax of ICICI Home Finance
Company Limited decreased from Rs. 2.8 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 1.1 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to an increase in
provision on loans and investments and a decrease in fee income and net interest income. Net interest income decreased from Rs.
3.0 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2.6 billion in fiscal 2018. Fees income decreased from Rs. 0.6 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs.
0.3 billion in fiscal 2018. Provisions increased from a write-back of Rs. 0.04 billion in fiscal 2017 to a provision of Rs. 0.9
billion in fiscal 2018. Net nonperforming assets increased from Rs. 0.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2017 to Rs. 2.0 billion at year-end
fiscal 2018.

The profit before tax of ICICI Venture
Fund Management Company Limited increased from Rs. 0.1 billion in fiscal 2017 to Rs. 0.2 billion in fiscal 2018 primarily due to
an increase in management fees. Management fees increased primarily due to management fees from new entities.

Related Party Transactions

In fiscal 2019, we entered into transactions
with related parties consisting of (i) associates/other related entities and (ii) key management personnel and their close family
members.

Related Parties

Associates/Other Related Entities

In fiscal 2019, the following parties were
identified as our associates/other related entities: Arteria Technologies Private Limited (related party with effect from May 29,
2018), India Advantage Fund-III, India Advantage Fund-IV, India Infradebt Limited, ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited, I-Process
Services (India) Private Limited, NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited, Comm Trade Services Limited
and ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth.

206

Key Management Personnel and their Close Family
Members

Our key management personnel include our
executive directors. The following individuals were our key management personnel in fiscal 2019: Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi (related party
with effect from June 19, 2018), Ms. Vishakha Mulye, Mr. Vijay Chandok, Mr. Anup Bagchi, Mr. N. S. Kannan (related party up to
June 18, 2018) and Ms. Chanda Kochhar (related party upto October 4, 2018). The close family members of the above key management
personnel are also our related parties. Close family members in relation to the executive directors means their spouses, children,
siblings and parents. We have applied the Indian GAAP standard in determining the close family members of the executive directors.

Related Party Transactions

The following are the material transactions
between us and our associates/other related entities or our key management personnel or their close family members. A related party
transaction is disclosed as a material related party transaction whenever it exceeds 10% of all related party transactions in that
category.

For additional details, see also “
Management—Compensation
and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Loans
” and note 2 - “
Related Party Transactions
” of Schedule
18 to the consolidated financial statements included herein.

Insurance Services

During fiscal 2019, we received insurance
premiums from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 25 million, from key management personnel of the Bank amounting
to Rs. 1 million and from the close family members of key management personnel amounting to Rs. 3 million. The premiums received
were towards cover for health insurance, personal accident, marine and miscellaneous items. Our material transaction during fiscal
2019 included Rs. 21 million of premium received from ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth and Rs. 3 million of premium received
from Mr.Vivek Mulye.

During fiscal 2019, we paid claims to our
key management personnel related entities amounting to Rs. 0.1 million. Our material transactions during fiscal 2019 include Rs.
0.1 million of claims paid to Mr. Anup Bagchi.

Fees, Commission and Other Income

During fiscal 2019, we received fees, commission
and other income from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 58 million, from key management personnel of the Bank
amounting to Rs. 1 million and from the close family members of key management personnel amounting to Rs. 0.2 million. These transactions
primarily generated management, arranger fees and bank charges for us. The material transactions during fiscal 2019 included Rs.
58 million of fees, commission and other income received from India Infradebt Limited.

During fiscal 2019, we received commission
on bank guarantees from NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited amounting to Rs. 0.1 million.

Recovery of lease of Premises, Shared Corporate
and Facilities Expenses

During fiscal 2019, we recovered cost towards
sharing of premises, corporate infrastructure facilities and technology services from our associates/other related entities amounting
to Rs. 60 million. The material transaction during fiscal 2019 included recovery amounting to Rs. 56 million from ICICI Foundation
for Inclusive Growth.

Recovery of secondment of Employees

During fiscal 2019, we received compensation
from I-Process Services (India) Private Limited amounting to Rs. 9 million for the recovery of secondment of our employees.

Brokerage, Fees and Other Expenses

During fiscal 2019, we paid brokerage,
fees and other expenses to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 9.6 billion. These transactions primarily pertain
to outsourcing services and expenses towards providing basic banking services. The material transactions during fiscal 2019 included
Rs. 5.4 billion in brokerage, fees and other expenses paid to I-Process Services (India) Private Limited and Rs. 4.2 billion in
brokerage, fees and other expenses paid to ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited.

Investments in securities issued by related
parties

During fiscal 2019, we invested Rs. 10.0
billion in securities issued by India Infradebt Limited.

207

Redemption/buyback of Investments

During fiscal 2019, we received Rs. 273
million from India Advantage Fund-III and Rs. 262 million from India Advantage Fund-IV on account of redemption of venture capital
units.

Interest Expenses

During fiscal 2019, we paid interest on
deposits to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 8 million, to our key management personnel amounting to Rs.
4 million and to the close family members of key management personnel amounting to Rs. 2 million. The material transactions during
fiscal 2019 included Rs. 2 million of interest paid to ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth, Rs. 2 million of interest paid to
India Infradebt Limited, Rs. 2 million of interest paid to Arteria Technologies Private Limited and Rs. 3 million of interest paid
to Ms. Chanda Kochhar.

Interest Income

During fiscal 2019, we received interest
on our non-convertible bonds from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 265 million, from our key management personnel
amounting to Rs. 12 million and from the close family members of key management personnel amounting to Rs. 0.0 million (insignificant
amount). The material transaction during fiscal 2019 included Rs. 261 million of interest received from India Infradebt Limited.

Gain/(loss) on forex and derivative transactions
(net)

During fiscal 2019, we undertook forex
and derivative transactions with our associates/other related entities. The net gain on forex and derivative transactions entered
with Arteria Technologies Private Limited was Rs. 0.1 million.

Sale of fixed assets

During fiscal 2019, we sold fixed assets
amounting to Rs. 7 million to Ms. Chanda Kochhar.

Dividend Income

During fiscal 2019, we received dividend
from India Infradebt Limited amounting to Rs. 64 million.

Reimbursement of expenses to related parties

During fiscal 2019, we reimbursed expenses
to the NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited amounting to Rs. 0.1 million.

Dividends Paid

During fiscal 2019, the Bank paid dividends
to its key management personnel, amounting to Rs. 11 million and to the close family members of key management personnel, amounting
to Rs. 3 million. The dividend paid during fiscal 2019 to Mr. Sandeep Bakshi was Rs. 3 million, to Ms. Vishakha Mulye was Rs. 3
million, to Mr. Vijay Chandok was insignificant, to Mr. Anup Bagchi was Rs. 0.1 million, to Ms. Chanda Kochhar was Rs. 5 million
and to Mr. Shivam Bakshi was Rs. 2 million.

Donations Given

During fiscal 2019, we gave donations to
the ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth amounting to Rs. 1.0 billion.

Related Party Balances

The following table sets forth, at the
date indicated, our balance payable to/receivable from our associates/other related entities:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2019
(in million)
Deposits from related parties held by us   Rs.   523
Payables to related parties   1,797
Our investments in related parties   10,777
Loans and advances to related parties (1)   45
Receivables from related parties   123
Guarantees issued by us for related parties   11

208

The following table sets forth, at the
date indicated, the balance payable to/receivable from the key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2019
(in million, except number of shares)
Deposits from key management personnel   Rs.   63
Payables to key management personnel   0.0   (2)
Investments in our shares held by key management personnel   7
Loans and advances to key management personnel (3)   254
Employee stock options outstanding (numbers)   20,022,000
Employee stock options exercised (4)   296

The following table sets forth, at the
date indicated, the balance payable to/receivable from the close family members of key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2019
(in million)
Deposits from close family members of key management personnel   Rs.   14
Payables to close family members of key management personnel   0.0   (2)
Investments in our shares held by close family members of key management personnel   10
Loans and advances to close family members of key management personnel (1)   0.4

The following table sets forth, for the
period indicated, the maximum balance payable to/receivable from the key management personnel:

Items   Year ended March 31, 2019
(in million)
Deposits from key management personnel   Rs.   235
Payables to key management personnel   0.0   (2)
Investments in our shares held by key management personnel   22
Loans and advances to key management personnel (3)   256

The following table sets forth, for the
period indicated, the maximum balance payable to/receivable from the close family members of key management personnel:

Items   Year ended March 31, 2019
(in million)
Deposits from close family members of key management personnel   Rs.   175
Payables to close family members of key management personnel   0.1
Investments in our shares held by close family members of key management personnel   10
Loans and advances to close family members of key management personnel (1)   1

(1)   The loans and advances (a) were made in the ordinary course of business, (b) were made on substantially the same terms, including
interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons, and (c) did not
involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features.

(2)   Insignificant amount.

(3)   The loans and advances (a) were made in the ordinary course of business and were made on substantially the same terms, including
interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons or (b) were made
on the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for other employees as part of employee
loan scheme, and (c) did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features.

(4)   During fiscal 2019, 2,062,000 employee stock options were exercised by the key management personnel of the Bank, which have
been reported at exercise price.

209

Joint Ventures and Associates

From fiscal 2008, FINO PayTech Limited
(earlier known as Financial Inclusion Network & Operations Limited), I-Process Services (India) Private Limited and NIIT Institute
of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited were accounted as equity affiliates on consolidated financial statements. In
fiscal 2017, the ICICI Group ceased to exercise significant influence over FINO PayTech Limited and therefore this entity ceased
to be an equity affiliate of the Bank, and, accordingly, has not been accounted as an equity affiliate from January 5, 2017.

From fiscal 2010, investment in ICICI Merchant
Services Private Limited was accounted as an equity affiliate in the consolidated financial statements.

From fiscal 2011, Mewar Aanchalik Gramin
Bank was accounted as an equity affiliate in the consolidated financial statements. However, from fiscal 2015, Mewar Aanchalik
Gramin Bank and another Regional Rural Bank were amalgamated into a single Regional Rural Bank. ICICI Bank does not have any shareholding
in the new Regional Rural Bank. Accordingly, this entity ceased to be an equity affiliate from the date of the amalgamation, and,
accordingly, has not been accounted as an equity affiliate.

From fiscal 2013, India Infradebt Limited
was accounted as an equity affiliate. From fiscal 2015, investment in India Advantage Fund-III and India Advantage Fund-IV were
accounted as an equity affiliate. From fiscal 2019, Arteria Technologies Private Limited was accounted as an equity affiliate.

Under Indian GAAP, we have not consolidated
certain entities in which investments are intended to be temporary. However, under U.S. GAAP, these entities have been consolidated
in accordance with FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation – Overall”.

Reconciliation of Net Profit between Indian GAAP and U.S.
GAAP

Our consolidated financial statements are
prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, which differs in certain significant aspects from U.S. GAAP. The following discussion
explains the significant adjustments to our consolidated profit after tax under Indian GAAP in fiscal 2019, fiscal 2018 and fiscal
2017 that would result from the application of U.S. GAAP instead of Indian GAAP.

Consolidated net income attributable to
the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 94.9 billion in fiscal 2019 under U.S. GAAP was higher than the profit after tax attributable
to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 42.5 billion under Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2019, the net income under U.S. GAAP was higher
primarily due to lower loan loss provisioning under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, gains due to valuation of debt and equity
securities under U.S. GAAP as compared to loss under Indian GAAP, lower provision on assets acquired in debt asset swap arrangements
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, the positive impact of amortization of loan processing fees, net of costs, under U.S.
GAAP, offset, in part, by lower deferred tax benefit under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP and the impact of differences in
accounting for compensation costs under U.S. GAAP. See also
note 21 to our
 “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes
” included herein.

The difference in accounting for the provision
for loan losses resulted in a higher net income by Rs. 65.0 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to Rs. 19.5 billion in fiscal 2018
under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP. This was primarily due to differences in the methodology of computing loan loss allowances
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP, resulting in timing differences in the recognition of such allowances. Under U.S. GAAP, the
provision on impaired loans in fiscal 2019 was lower than the provision under Indian GAAP, as the Bank had made higher provision
on impaired loans under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP in earlier years. Further, for a few impaired loans, the provision
requirement under U.S. GAAP was lower than Indian GAAP due to differences in methodology where the provision on non-performing
loans under Indian GAAP is primarily based on the number of days a loan is past-due, whereas under U.S. GAAP, the provision is
primarily based on assessment of recovery from impaired loans.

Further, under Indian GAAP, specific provision
was made on loans where strategic debt restructuring was invoked/implemented as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank
opted for fair value accounting for such loans and guarantees through income statement. Accordingly, provisions made on these loans
under Indian GAAP were reversed in the line item “Allowance for loan losses”. Under U.S. GAAP, fair value gain on these
loans and guarantees amounting to Rs 13.8 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to fair value loss of Rs. 8.8 billion in fiscal 2018
was recorded in the line item “Valuation of debt and equity securities”.

While the cumulative loan loss allowances
under U.S. GAAP at year-end fiscal 2019 were lower than the cumulative provisions held under Indian GAAP by Rs. 15.9 billion as
shown in the statement of stockholders’ equity reconciliation, the cumulative fair value loss under U.S. GAAP on loans where
strategic debt restructuring was

210

invoked/implemented and opted for fair value
accounting was Rs. 28.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2019. See also
note 21(a) to our
 “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes
” included herein.

The difference in accounting for consolidation
resulted in higher net income by Rs. 1.1 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to Rs. 0.1 billion in fiscal 2018 under U.S. GAAP,
as compared to Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2019, the gains from our life insurance subsidiary were higher by Rs. 1.8 billion under U.S.
GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP as compared to an insignificant difference in fiscal 2018. See also
note 22(h) to our
 “
Consolidated
financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes
” included
herein.

The difference in accounting for the valuation
of debt and equity securities resulted in higher net income by Rs. 12.5 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to lower net income
by Rs. 51.4 billion in fiscal 2018 under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, gain or loss on sale
of equity stake in a subsidiary company is recognized in the income statement. Under U.S. GAAP, change in the parent’s ownership
in the subsidiary company is accounted as an equity transaction, if the parent retains controlling financial interest in the subsidiary
and accordingly gain or loss is not recognized in the income statement. While gain on sale of stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited during fiscal 2018 was accounted in income statement under Indian GAAP, gain under
U.S. GAAP was directly recorded in equity, resulting in lower net income by Rs. 49.1 billion under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2018.

Banks, including ICICI Bank, acquired equity
shares in certain entities by invoking strategic debt restructuring based on the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
Under U.S. GAAP, these entities were considered as affiliates. The Bank has opted for fair value accounting for these affiliates
under ASC Topic 825 “Financial Instruments”. Accordingly, provisions made on these loans under Indian GAAP were reversed
in the line item “Allowance for loan losses” and fair value gains/losses on the loans, guarantees and investments were
accounted through income statement. This resulted in higher net income by Rs. 13.8 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to lower
net income by Rs. 8.8 billion in fiscal 2018 under U.S. GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP unrealized losses of
held-for-trading and available-for-sale securities are taken to profit and loss account, while net unrealized gains on investments
by category are ignored. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on trading assets are recognized in the profit and loss account
and unrealized gains or losses on debt securities classified as ‘available-for-sale’, which include all securities
classified as ‘held-to-maturity’ under Indian GAAP, are recognized in other comprehensive income under stockholders’
equity except for the unrealized losses on debt securities identified as other-than-temporarily impaired which are recognized in
profit and loss account. From fiscal 2019, under U.S. GAAP, on adoption of ASC Topic 321, unrealized gain or loss on all equity
securities were taken through profit and loss account. There was a negative impact of Rs. 0.6 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared
to a positive impact of Rs. 22.1 billion in fiscal 2018 on net income under U.S. GAAP, due to differences in mark-to-market and
provisioning accounting for equity securities and available-for-sale debt securities. Further, there was a negative impact of other-than-temporary
impairment of Rs. 1.8 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to Rs. 7.6 billion on net income in fiscal 2018 under U.S. GAAP.

We earn fees and incur costs on the origination
of loans which are recognized upfront in Indian GAAP but are amortized in U.S. GAAP. Amortization of loan origination fees and
costs resulted in higher income by Rs. 4.2 billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to Rs. 5.4 billion in fiscal 2018 under U.S. GAAP
as compared to Indian GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, retirement benefit cost was lower by Rs. 0.9 billion in
fiscal 2019 and higher by Rs. 1.8 billion in fiscal 2018. The actuarial gains were accounted through profit and loss account under
Indian GAAP, while under U.S. GAAP actuarial gains were accounted through other comprehensive income. See also “
Consolidated
financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes-Note 21(e)
”
included herein.

Deferred tax benefit was lower by Rs. 35.0
billion in fiscal 2019 as compared to higher deferred tax benefit by Rs. 25.5 billion in fiscal 2018 under U.S. GAAP, as compared
to Indian GAAP.

Deferred taxes are recognized on temporary
differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates under U.S. GAAP while under Indian GAAP, no deferred
taxes are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The long-term capital
gains on sale of securities listed at stock exchanges were exempt from tax till fiscal 2018. Due to changes in tax laws, such long-term
capital gains arising after April 1, 2018 are taxable. Accordingly, under U.S. GAAP, the Bank recognized deferred tax asset amounting
to Rs. 31.1 billion on its investment in listed subsidiaries and affiliate in fiscal 2018. In fiscal 2019, the Bank reversed

211

deferred tax asset amounting to Rs. 6.3 billion
on its investment in listed subsidiaries and affiliate due to sale of stake in a listed affiliate and change in tax basis.

The Bank and its housing finance subsidiary
create a Special Reserve through appropriation of profits, in order to avail the tax benefits as per the Income Tax Act, 1961.
Under Indian GAAP, deferred tax liability has been recognized on such Special Reserve in accordance with the guidelines issued
by Reserve Bank of India/National Housing Bank. Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are recognized and measured based on the expected
manner of recovery and deferred taxes are not recognized if the expected manner of recovery does not give rise to tax consequences.
Accordingly, a deferred tax liability was not created on Special Reserve based on the Group’s continuing intention to not
ever withdraw/utilize such Special Reserve and based on an opinion from the legal counsel about non-taxability of such Special
Reserve in the scenario of liquidation. This resulted in a reversal of deferred tax liability of Rs. 1.9 billion in fiscal 2019
and in fiscal 2018, under U.S. GAAP which were recognized under Indian GAAP.

Further, there was difference due to the
negative tax impact of Rs. 30.9 billion in fiscal 2019 on U.S. GAAP adjustments over Indian GAAP as compared to the negative tax
impact of Rs. 6.7 billion in fiscal 2018. See also “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of
the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes—Note 21(i)
” included herein.

The Bank has made provisions on certain
fixed assets acquired under debt asset swap arrangements as per the direction of the Reserve Bank of India under Indian GAAP. Under
U.S. GAAP these fixed assets are carried at lower of book value or fair value. This has resulted a positive impact of Rs. 8.4 billion
in fiscal 2019 as compared to Rs. 5.0 billion in fiscal 2018. See also “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes—Note 21(j)
” included herein.

Consolidated net income attributable to
the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 178.7 billion in fiscal 2018 under U.S. GAAP was higher than the profit after tax attributable
to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 77.1 billion under Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2018, the net income under U.S. GAAP was higher
primarily due to impact of difference in accounting between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for termination of joint venture agreement
for general insurance subsidiary of ICICI Bank, impact of lower loan loss provisioning under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP,
higher deferred tax benefit under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, lower provision on assets acquired in debt asset swap arrangements
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP and the impact of amortization of loan processing fees, net of costs, under U.S. GAAP,
offset, in part, by higher losses due to valuation of debt and equity securities and the impact of differences in accounting for
compensation costs under U.S. GAAP. During fiscal 2018, the joint venture agreement between ICICI Bank and Fairfax Financial Holdings
for the general insurance subsidiary, which was earlier accounted as an affiliate, was terminated. Under U.S. GAAP, termination
of the joint venture agreement resulted in the Bank obtaining control on general insurance subsidiary. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank
re-measured its equity interest in the general insurance subsidiary at fair value amounting to Rs. 128.0 billion on the date of
acquiring control and recognized a gain of Rs. 101.7 billion, which was included in the line item ‘Business Combination’.
See also
note 21 to our
 “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial
statements—Additional notes
” included herein.

Consolidated net income attributable to
the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 62.4 billion in fiscal 2017 under U.S. GAAP was lower than the profit after tax attributable
to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 101.9 billion under Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2017, the net income under U.S. GAAP was lower
primarily due to the higher losses of Rs. 29.8 billion on valuation of debt and equity securities under U.S. GAAP, impact of higher
loan loss provisioning of Rs. 19.6 billion under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, the impact of differences in accounting
for compensation costs under U.S. GAAP of Rs. 4.9 billion and lower profits of Rs. 3.3 billion attributable to the shareholders’
of ICICI Bank from insurance subsidiaries, offset, in part, by the impact of amortization of loan processing fees, net of costs
of Rs. 7.9 billion under U.S. GAAP and higher deferred tax benefit of Rs. 13.1 billion as compared to Indian GAAP. See also
note
21 to our
 “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes
” included herein.

For a further description of significant
differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP, a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP and certain
additional information required under U.S. GAAP, see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements included herein.

Critical Accounting Policies

In order to understand our financial condition
and the results of operations, it is important to understand our significant accounting policies and the extent to which we use
judgments and estimates in applying those policies. Our accounting and reporting policies are in accordance with Indian GAAP and
conform to standard accounting practices relevant to our products and services and the businesses in which we operate. Indian GAAP
requires us to make

212

estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported income and expenses during
the reported period. Accordingly, we use a significant amount of judgment and estimates based on assumptions for which the actual
results are uncertain when we make the estimation. See also “
Consolidated Financial Statements—Schedule 17—Significant
Accounting Policies
” included herein.

ICICI Bank Limited

Accounting for Investments

ICICI Bank accounts for its investments
in accordance with the guidelines on investment classification and valuation issued by the Reserve Bank of India. Investments are
classified into the following categories: (a) held-to-maturity, (b) available-for-sale and (c) held-for-trading. Under each classification,
we further categorize investments into (a) government securities, (b) other approved securities, (c) shares, (d) bonds and debentures,
(e) subsidiaries and joint ventures and (f) others (commercial papers, certificate of deposits, mutual funds, pass through certificates,
venture units, security receipts, etc.).

Held-to-maturity securities are carried
at their acquisition cost or at the amortized cost, if acquired at a premium over the face value. Any premium over the face value
of the fixed rate and floating rate securities acquired is amortized over the remaining period to maturity on a constant effective
yield basis and straight line basis respectively. Equity investments in subsidiaries/joint ventures are categorized as held-to-maturity
and available for sale in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. These instruments are assessed for any permanent
diminution in value and appropriate provisions are made.

Available-for-sale and held-for-trading
securities of the Bank are valued in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank amortizes the
premium, if any, over the face value of its fixed and floating rate investments in government securities classified as available-for-sale
over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. The market value of quoted
investments is based on the closing quotes on recognized stock exchanges or prices declared by the Primary Dealers Association
of India (PDAI) jointly with Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association (FIMMDA)/Financial Benchmark India Private Limited
(FBIL), periodically.

The Bank computes the market value of its
unquoted government securities which are in the nature of statutory liquidity ratio securities included in the available-for-sale
and held-for-trading categories in accordance with rates published by the Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association/Financial
Benchmark India Private Limited.

The Bank computes the market value of unquoted
non-government fixed income securities, including Pass Through Certificates, wherever linked to the yield-to-maturity rates, with
a mark-up, reflecting associated credit risk, over the yield to maturity rates for government securities published by the Fixed
Income Money Market and Derivatives Association. The sovereign foreign securities and non-INR India linked bonds are valued on
the basis of prices published by the sovereign regulator or counterparty quotes.

The Bank computes the market value of its
unquoted equity shares at the break-up value, if the latest balance sheet is available. If such a balance sheet is not available,
the unquoted equity shares are valued at Re. 1 in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank values the securities receipts
at the net asset value provided by asset reconstruction companies.

The Bank computes the market value of its
securities, under the available-for-sale and held-for-trading categories, scrip-wise (that is, by individual securities) and the
depreciation/appreciation on securities, other than those acquired by way of conversion of outstanding loans is aggregated for
each category. Net appreciation in each category under each investment classification, if any, is ignored, as it is unrealized
while net depreciation is provided for. Depreciation on securities acquired by way of conversion of outstanding loan is fully provided
for. Non performing investments are identified based on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank accounts for repurchase, reverse
repurchase and transactions with Reserve Bank of India under Liquidity Adjustment Facility as borrowing and lending transactions
in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the Bank follows the trade
date method of accounting for the purchase and sale of investments, except for government of India and state government securities,
for which the settlement date method of accounting is followed.

213

Provisions/Write-offs on Loans and Other Credit
Facilities

Provisions are generally made by the Bank
on standard, substandard, doubtful and loss assets at rates prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank held specific provisions
against non-performing loans and a general provision against standard loans. The Bank also makes specific provision on certain
performing loans as per the direction of the Reserve Bank of India, including the Reserve Bank of India direction for provision
on accounts referred to the National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. Loss assets and unsecured
portions of doubtful assets are provided/written off to the extent required by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Loans held
at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than record of recovery,
but which are standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are classified as non-performing loans to the extent
of the amount outstanding in the host country. For loans booked in overseas branches, which are standard as per the extant Reserve
Bank of India guidelines but are classified as non-performing loans based on host country guidelines, provisions are made as per
the host country regulations. For loans booked in overseas branches, which are non-performing loans as per the extant Reserve Bank
of India guidelines and as per host country guidelines, provisions are made at the higher of the provisions required under Reserve
Bank of India regulations and host country regulations. In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative borrowers or willful
defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The Bank held specific provisions
for retail loans that are higher than the minimum regulatory requirements.

In respect of non-retail loans reported
as fraud to the Reserve Bank of India and classified in doubtful category, the entire amount, without considering the value of
security, is provided for over a period not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in which fraud has been detected.
In respect of non-retail loans where there has been a delay in reporting the fraud to the Reserve Bank of India or which are classified
as loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In the case of fraud in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided
immediately.

The diminution in the fair value of a restructured
loan, if any, measured in present value terms, is either written off or a provision is made to the extent of the diminution involved.
A restructured loan, which is classified as a standard restructured loan, is subject to higher standard asset provisioning and
higher risk weight for capital adequacy purposes than non-restructured standard loans up to the period specified in the guidelines.
The specified period is a period of one year from the commencement of the first payment of interest or principal whichever is later
on the credit facility with the longest moratorium as per the restructuring package during which payment performance is monitored.
The loan continues to be classified as restructured until it reverts to the normal level of standard asset provisions/risk weights
for capital adequacy purposes, which is a period of one year after the end of the specified period. Loans restructured after April
1, 2015 (excluding loans given for implementation of projects and which are delayed up to a specified period) by re-scheduling
principal repayments and/or the interest has been classified as non-performing and in addition to the provision for the diminution
in fair value of the restructured loans, loan loss provision as applicable to non-performing loans for all loans availed by these
borrowers is made. Non-performing and restructured loans are upgraded to standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
Banks are required to disclose the aggregate fund-based credit facilities of borrowers whose loans were restructured.

The Bank also creates general provisions
on performing loans based on the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India including provisions on loans to borrowers having
unhedged foreign currency exposure, provisions on loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors, provision on exposure
to step-down subsidiaries of Indian companies and provision incremental exposure to borrowers identified as per Reserve Bank of
India’s large exposure framework. For performing loans in overseas branches, the general provision is made at higher of host
country regulations requirement and the Reserve Bank of India requirement.

Additionally, the Bank creates provisions
on individual country exposures including indirect country risk (other than for home country exposure). The countries are categorized
into seven risk categories: insignificant, low, moderately low, moderate, moderately high, high and very high and provisioning
is made on exposures exceeding 180 days on a graded scale ranging from 0.25% to 25%. For exposures with a contractual maturity
of less than 180 days, provision is required to be held at 25% of the rates applicable to exposures exceeding 180 days. The indirect
exposure is reckoned at 50% of the exposure. If the country exposure (net) of the Bank in respect of each country does not exceed
1% of the total funded assets, no provision is required for such country exposure.

The Bank may create floating provision
for the year as per Board approved policy, which is in addition to the specific and general provisions made by the Bank. The floating
provision can only be utilized, with the approval of Board and the Reserve Bank of India, in case of contingencies which do not
arise in the normal course of business and are exceptional and non-recurring in nature and for making specific provision for impaired
loans as per the requirement of extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines or any regulatory guidance/instructions. The floating provision
is netted-off from loans.

214

Transfer and Servicing of Assets

In accordance with Reserve Bank of India
guidelines, the Bank sells non-performing/special mention account-2 loans to securitization company/reconstruction company in lien
of security receipts. The Bank reverses the excess provision in profit and loss account in the year in which amounts are received.
Any shortfall of sale value over the net book value on sale of such assets is recognized by the Bank in the year in which the loan
is sold.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company

Premium for non-linked policies is recognized
as income when due from policyholders. For unit-linked business, premium is recognized as income when the associated units are
created. Premium on lapsed policies is recognized as income when such policies are reinstated.

Reinsurance premium ceded is accounted
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant treaties with the reinsurer. Profit commission on reinsurance ceded
is netted off against premium ceded on reinsurance.

Death and rider claims are accounted for
on receipt of intimation. Survival, maturity and annuity benefits are accounted when due. Withdrawals and surrenders under non-linked
policies are accounted on receipt of intimation and unit-linked policies are accounted when the associated units are cancelled.
Reinsurance claims are accounted in the period in which the claim is intimated.

Income from unit-linked policies, which
includes fund management charges, policy administration charges, mortality charges and other charges, if any, are recovered from
the unit-linked funds in accordance with terms and conditions of policies issued and are recognized when due.

Acquisition costs are costs that vary with
and are primarily related to the acquisition of insurance contracts. It consists of costs like commission, stamp duty, policy issuance,
employee cost and other related costs pertaining to the acquisition of insurance contracts. These costs are expensed in the period
in which they are incurred.

The actuarial liabilities are calculated
in accordance with accepted actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority of India and Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India.

Funds for future appropriation (Unit linked)
- Amounts estimated by appointed actuary as funds for future appropriation in respect of lapsed unit linked policies, are set aside
in the balance sheet and are not available for distribution to shareholders until the expiry of the maximum revival period.

Funds for future appropriation (Participating)
- Based on the recommendation of appointed actuary unappropriated surplus is held in the balance sheet as funds for future appropriations.

Investments are made and accounted for
in accordance with the Insurance Act, 1938, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Investment) Regulations, 2016,
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Preparation of Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report of Insurance Companies)
Regulations, 2002, Investments – Master circular, Investment Policy of the Company and various other circulars/notifications
issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India in this context from time to time. Accordingly, unrealized
gain or loss on investment is not taken into the profit and loss account except in the case of unit-linked businesses. Unrealized
gains/losses arising due to changes in the fair value of equity shares and mutual fund units, in non-unit-linked policyholders’
and shareholders’ segments, are reflected in the “Fair value change account” in the balance sheet.

Unclaimed amount of policyholders’
liability is determined on the basis of net asset value of the units outstanding as at the valuation date. Income on unclaimed
amount of policyholders is accreted to the unclaimed fund and is accounted for on an accrual basis, net of fund management charges.

Fair Value Measurements

We determine the
fair values of our financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820. The standard describes
three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value.

The valuation
of Level 1 instruments is based upon the unadjusted quoted prices of identical instruments traded in active markets.

The valuation
of Level 2 instruments is based upon the quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, the quoted prices for identical
or similar instruments in markets that are not active, prices quoted by market participants

215

and prices derived from valuation models
which use significant inputs that are observable in active markets. Inputs used include interest rates, yield curves, volatilities
and credit spreads, which are available from public sources such as Reuters, Bloomberg, Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of
India, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and the Fixed Income Money Markets and Derivatives Association of India.

The valuation
of Level 3 instruments is based on valuation techniques or models which use significant market unobservable inputs or assumptions.
Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when their values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies
or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable or when the determination of the fair
value requires significant management judgment or estimation.

The valuation
methodologies adopted by us for valuing our investments and derivatives portfolio are summarized below. A substantial portion of
the portfolio is valued based on the unadjusted quoted or traded prices or based on models using market observable inputs such
as interest rates, yield curves, volatilities and credit spreads available from public sources like Fixed Income Money Markets
and Derivatives Association of India, Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited
Reuters, Bloomberg and stock exchanges.

The Rupee denominated
fixed income portfolio, which includes all rupee investments in government securities and corporate bonds, is valued based on guidelines
for market participants established by the Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association. The Fixed Income Money Market
and Derivatives Association is an association of scheduled commercial banks, public financial institutions, primary dealers and
insurance companies and is a voluntary market body for bonds, derivatives and money markets in India. The international investments
portfolio is generally valued on the basis of quoted prices. In certain markets, due to illiquidity, we use alternate valuation
methodologies based on our own assumptions and estimates of the fair values.

A substantial
part of the derivatives portfolio is valued using market observable inputs like swap rates, foreign exchange rates, volatilities
and forward rates. The valuation of derivatives is carried out primarily using the market quoted swap rates and foreign exchange
rates. Certain structured derivatives are valued based on counterparty quotes. The exposure regarding derivative transactions is
computed and is marked against the credit limits approved for the respective counterparties.

We also hold investments
and derivatives that have been valued based on unobservable inputs or that involve significant assumptions made by the management
in arriving at their fair values. Such instruments are classified under Level 3 as per the classification defined in FASB ASC Topic
820 “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures”.

A description of the valuation methodologies of Level 3
investments under U.S. GAAP

Our total investment
in Level 3 instruments amounted to Rs. 144.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2019, as compared to Rs. 127.8 billion at year-end fiscal
2018. Out of the total Level 3 investments, investments amounting to Rs. 141.3 billion were India-linked and investments amounting
to Rs. 2.9 billion were non-India linked. India-linked investments consisted of pass through certificates of Rs. 137.3 billion,
corporate bonds of Rs. 2.3 billion, preference shares of Rs. 1.6 billion and equity shares of Rs. 0.1 billion. Non-India linked
investments consisted of mortgage backed securities of Rs. 2.6 billion and equity shares of Rs. 0.3 billion at year-end fiscal
2019.

Bonds that have
been identified as illiquid and valued on the basis of a valuation model are classified as Level 3 instruments, only if the input
used to value those securities is collected from unobservable market data or if the bonds were valued after making adjustment to
the market observable data. The investment in bonds of Rs. 2.3 billion is valued at the amortized cost net of impairment or using
significant management estimates and assumptions or based on market value of the underlying collateral.

Due to illiquidity
in the asset backed and mortgage backed security markets, a substantial part of these securities are classified as Level 3 and
valuation models are used to value these securities.

The valuation
of Indian pass through certificates is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying trust would pay out. The underlying
trust makes assumptions with regards to various variables to arrive at the estimated cash flows. The cash flows for pass through
certificates are discounted at the yield-to-maturity rates and credit spreads published by Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives
Association and Financial Benchmark India Private Limited on month ends.

Our Canadian subsidiary
holds retained interest, largely representing the excess spread of mortgage interest over the rate of return on the mortgaged backed
securities, which has been recorded as available-for-sale securities in the balance sheet at fair value of Rs. 2.6 billion determined
using an internal model.

216

The methodologies we use for validating
the valuation model of products which are valued with reference to market observable inputs include comparing the outputs of our
models with counterparty quotes, in comparison with pricing from third party pricing tools, replicating the valuation methodology
used in the model or other methods used on a case-by-case basis. The valuation is also carried out under various scenarios and
are checked for consistency. However, for products where there are no reliable market prices or market observable inputs available,
valuation is carried out using models developed using alternate approaches and incorporating proxies wherever applicable. The independent
validation of valuation models is performed by an entity/unit independent of the risk management group.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements under U.S. GAAP

Financial Instruments—Credit Losses

In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-13, “Financial Instruments—Credit Losses” (ASU 2016-13), an Update to Topic 326 –
Financial Instruments-Credit losses. The amendments in this Update eliminate the probable initial recognition threshold in current
GAAP with respect to assets measured at amortized cost and, instead, reflect an entity’s current estimate of all expected
credit losses. When credit losses were measured under current GAAP, an entity generally only considered past events and current
conditions in measuring the incurred loss. The amendments in this Update broaden the information that an entity must consider in
developing its expected credit loss estimate for assets measured either collectively or individually. Further, credit losses on
available-for-sale debt securities should be measured in a manner similar to current GAAP. However, the amendments in this Update
require that credit losses on available-for-sale securities be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down. ASU 2016-13
is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. This Update will be applicable for the
Group from fiscal 2021. Early adoption is permitted for annual periods beginning January 1, 2019. The Group is not planning to
early adopt the Update. The Group expects that the new accounting standard guidance represents a significant departure from existing
GAAP. The adoption of update will result in higher allowance for credit losses given the change to the estimated losses over the
contractual life adjusted for expected prepayments with an anticipated material impact from longer duration portfolios, as well
as, addition of an allowance for debt securities. The allowance on loans and loan commitments will increase to cover credit losses
over the remaining expected life of the loan portfolio. Further, the determination of allowance for loans will also require consideration
of expected future changes in macroeconomic conditions. As the standard does not prescribe a specific method for estimating expected
credit loss, the Group will finalize the approach based on its internal historical experience, emerging market practices and guidance
available from other regulators. The extent of the impact is yet to be quantified.

Leases

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-02, “Leases” (ASU 2016-02), an Update to Topic 842 - Leases. ASU 2016-02 sets out the principles
for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both lessees and lessors. The amendments in this Update
require lessees to recognize leases on the balance sheet with lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use asset based on the
present value of lease payments and both quantitative as well as qualitative disclosures regarding key information about leasing
arrangements. ASU 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with an option
to early adopt. This Update will be applicable for the Group from fiscal 2020. As the Group follows Indian GAAP for computation
of capital adequacy, this update will not have any impact on the Group’s capital adequacy. The Group does not expect any
material impact on its net income and net worth reconciliation between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP on adoption of this statement.

Goodwill

In January
2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-04, “Intangibles- Simplifying the test for goodwill impairment”
(ASU 2017-04), an Update to Topic 350- Intangibles- Goodwill and other. The amendments in this Update modify the concept of impairment
from the condition that exists when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value to the condition that exists
when the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. ASU 2017-04 is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for interim and annual goodwill impairment testing dates
after January 1, 2017. This Update will be applicable for the Group from fiscal 2021 onwards, and
 the
Group
does not plan to early adopt this Update. The impact of ASU will depend upon the performance of the reporting units and market
conditions impacting the fair value of the reporting units in the future.

Non-refundable fees and other costs

217

In March 2017, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2017-08, “Premium amortization on purchased callable debt securities” (ASU 2017-08), an Update
to Topic 310- Receivables- Non-refundable fees and other costs. The amendments in this Update would change the accounting for callable
debt securities purchased at a premium to require amortization of the premium to the earliest call date rather than to the maturity
date. Accounting for callable debt securities purchased at a discount is not proposed to change and the discount would continue
to amortize to the maturity date. ASU 2017-08 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2018. This Update will be applicable for the Group from fiscal 2020. The Group does not expect any significant impact on its net
income reconciliation on adoption of this statement.

Hedge accounting

In August 2017, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2017-12, “Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities” (ASU 2017-12), an Update
to Topic 815-Derivatives and Hedging. The amendments in this Update align an entity’s risk management activities and financial
reporting for hedging relationships through changes to both the designation and measurement guidance for qualifying hedging relationships
and the presentation of hedge results. The amendments in this Update also make certain targeted improvements to simplify the application
of hedge accounting guidance and ease the administrative burden of hedge documentation requirements and assessing hedge effectiveness.
ASU 2017-12 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. This Update will be applicable
for the Group from fiscal 2020. The standard will not have any material impact on our existing hedging relationships. We believe
that going forward, the amendments will primarily simplify the hedge accounting of fair value hedges of interest rate risk for
our financial liabilities.

Convergence of Indian accounting standards with International
Financial Reporting Standards

The financial statements and other financial
information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report are based on our unconsolidated and consolidated financial
statements under Indian GAAP. The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India has issued Ind AS (a revised set of accounting standards)
which largely converges the Indian accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards. The Ministry of Corporate
Affairs, which is the law making authority for adoption of accounting standards in India, has notified these Ind AS for adoption.
Further, the ministry has also issued a roadmap for transition to Ind AS by Indian companies in a phased manner starting from April
1, 2016. For banking companies, the implementation of Ind AS was to begin from April 1, 2018. In April 2018, the Reserve Bank of
India deferred the implementation of Ind AS for banking companies by one year. Further, in March 2019, the Reserve Bank of India
deferred the implementation of Ind AS for banking companies till further notice, as the recommended legislative amendments were
under the consideration of the Government of India. Our four non-banking financial Group companies have reported their standalone
financial statements based on Ind AS during fiscal 2019, however our consolidated financial statements contain their financial
statements based on Indian GAAP. Financial statements prepared under standards different from existing GAAP may diverge significantly
from the financial statements and other financial information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report. The
major areas of differences include classification and mark-to-market accounting of financial assets, impairment of financial assets
and allowance for expected credit losses, accounting of loan processing fees and costs, amortization of premium/discount on purchase
of financial assets, consolidation accounting, employee stock options and deferred taxes.

Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments (Standard
equivalent to International Financial Reporting Standard 9) would have a significant impact on the way financial assets and liabilities
are classified and measured, resulting in volatility in profit or loss and equity.

Under Indian GAAP, loans are measured at
cost, net of provision. Investments are accounted for in accordance with the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines on investment
classification and valuation which require all investments to be classified as ‘held-to-maturity’, ‘available-for-sale’
and ‘held-for-trading’. According to the current guidelines, net loss in the available-for-sale and held for trading
classifications is computed category-wise and recognized in the profit and loss account while net gains are ignored. As per Ind
AS 109, all financial assets will have to be classified at ‘amortized cost’, ‘fair value through other comprehensive
income’ or ‘fair value through profit and loss’. The above classification would be based on the business model
test and the contractual cash flow test. All unrealized gains or losses for financial assets classified at fair value through other
comprehensive income would be accounted for in the other comprehensive income and on assets at fair value through the profit and
loss in the profit and loss account. For the Bank, based on the assessment so far, the loans are likely to primarily qualify for
amortized cost accounting, except for certain loans which are originated by the Bank with an intention to sell. A significant portion
of the government bonds held by the Bank as ‘held-to-maturity’ under Indian GAAP may need to be classified in ‘fair
value through other comprehensive income’ category under Ind AS because of their business model of both – hold to collect
contractual cash flows, as well as selling these bonds to meet liquidity and other risk management requirements.

218

Accordingly, the unrealized gains or losses
on these investments would be accounted for in the other comprehensive income under Ind AS.

We classify our assets, including those
in our overseas branches, as performing and non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines. The
Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing assets and general provision against performing assets. Non-performing assets
are further classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India
and provisions are made for sub-standard and doubtful assets at rates prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. Loss assets and
the unsecured portion of doubtful assets are provided/written-off as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines. See also
“
Business—Classification of Loans
”. Ind AS 109 requires entities to recognize and measure a credit loss
allowance or provision based on an expected credit loss model. The expected credit loss impairment model would apply to loans and
debt securities measured at amortized cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income. The model is also intended to apply
to outstanding non-fund facilities, undrawn fund/non-fund commitments and lease receivables. The impairment and expected credit
loss requirements under Ind AS represent the most significant area of difference with the Indian GAAP and introduces substantial
requirements of management judgment, estimates and assumptions in many areas, like significant increase in credit risk, expected
life of financial instruments, computation of one-year and lifetime expected credit losses (ECL) and incorporation of forward looking
estimates in the expected credit losses model. While Ind AS 109 does not prescribe a specific method for estimating expected credit
loss, the Bank proposes to apply two broad approaches for estimating expected credit loss. For a majority of the Bank’s portfolios
(corporate and retail loans) expected credit loss estimation will be done based on risk estimates such as Probability of Default
(PD), Loss Given Default (LGD) and Exposure at Default (EAD), building on the internal ratings-based approach as introduced under
the Basel framework. For certain smaller portfolios, roll-rate based approaches will be employed which involve the assessment of
flow of exposure across various days past due (DPD) based buckets. The Bank is currently finalizing these assumptions and methodologies
and developing models, as well as discussing with industry participants and the Indian regulator about the possible approaches
to computation of expected credit losses.

Under Indian GAAP, origination fees and
costs for financial instruments, including commissions paid to direct marketing agents, are accounted for upfront. Also, under
Indian GAAP, the premium on purchase of certain investment securities is amortized, while the discount is recognized on maturity/sale
of the instrument. Under Ind AS 109, origination fees (net of certain costs) and all other premiums/discounts will be amortized
over the period of the financial instrument as an adjustment to the yield.

Under Indian GAAP, consolidation is required
only if there is ownership of more than one-half of the voting power of an enterprise or control of the composition of the Board
of Directors in the case of a company or of the composition of the governing body in case of any other enterprise. Ind AS 110 -
Consolidated Financial Statements establishes control as the basis for consolidation and defines the principle of control. Under
Ind AS 110, an investor controls an investee when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. The implementation of this standard will
require the Bank to exercise significant judgment to determine the entities which it controls as per the definition under Ind AS.
Further, under Ind AS, proportionate consolidation can be used only in limited cases of joint control, while joint ventures would
have to be consolidated using the equity method. The Bank does not expect a material impact on its financial statements in this
area.

Under Indian GAAP, gain or loss on sale
of equity stake in a subsidiary company is recognized in the income statement. Under Ind AS, in consolidated financial statements,
change in the parent’s ownership in the subsidiary company is accounted as equity transaction, if the parent retains controlling
financial interest in the subsidiary and accordingly gain or loss is not recognized in the income statement.

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank follows the
intrinsic value method to account for its stock-based employees’ compensation plans. Compensation cost is measured by the
excess, if any, of the fair market price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on the grant date. Ind AS 102 - Share-based
Payment, requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the income
statement based on their fair values.

Under Indian GAAP, deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized by considering the impact of timing differences (income approach) between the taxable income and
accounting income for current year and carry forward losses as compared to Ind AS where, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized in respect of the temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purpose and amount used for taxation purposes.

The Bank is in the process of migrating
to Ind AS based financial statements. For implementation of Ind AS, the Bank has formed a Steering Committee which has members
from various functions. The Committee meets regularly to

219

supervise the progress of the project. An
update on the implementation status is also submitted to the Audit Committee at quarterly intervals. The Bank’s Ind AS implementation
project also focusses on technical evaluation of GAAP differences, selection of accounting policies and choices, evaluation of
system changes and data requirements, business impact analysis and skill development in the Bank through regular trainings and
workshops. The implementation of Ind AS will require significant system developments primarily related to amortization of loan
origination fees and costs, expected credit loss accounting, preparation of financial statements and generation of management information.
It also poses challenge for collection and validation of historical data.

220

Management

Directors and Executive Officers

Our board of directors is responsible for
the management of our business. Our organizational documents provide for a minimum of three directors and a maximum of 21 directors,
excluding the government director and the debenture director (defined below), if any. We may, subject to the provisions of our
organizational documents and the Companies Act, change the maximum number of directors by a special resolution, subject to approval
by our shareholders. Approval of a special resolution requires that the votes cast by shareholders in favor of the resolution are
not less than three times the number of the votes, if any, cast against the resolution. In addition, under the Banking Regulation
Act 1949, the Reserve Bank of India may require us to convene a meeting of our shareholders for the purposes of appointing new
directors to our Board of Directors.

The Banking Regulation Act requires that
at least 51% of our directors should have special knowledge or practical experience in banking and areas relevant to banking including
accounting, finance, agriculture and small scale industry. The Reserve Bank of India in November 2016 has broadened the fields
of specialization to include information technology, payment & settlement systems, human resources, risk management and business
management. All of our directors possess special knowledge in one or more of the areas specified in the Banking Regulation Act
and applicable regulations. The appointment of the chairman and executive directors requires the approval of the Reserve Bank of
India, in addition to the approval of our shareholders that is generally required for the appointment of all directors (other than
the government director and the debenture director, if any). In classifying our directors as independent, we have relied on the
declaration of independence provided by the independent directors as prescribed under the Companies Act and placed at the board
meeting held in May 2019, applicable Reserve Bank of India guidelines and circulars and legal advice. The Companies Act excludes
the government director from the definition of independent director. Our directors are also subject to ‘fit and proper’
criteria as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India and to be considered while appointing persons as directors of banking companies.
Our directors (other than the government director) are required to make declarations confirming their ongoing compliance of the
‘fit and proper’ criteria. Our Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee/Board of Directors has reviewed
the declarations received from the directors in this regard and determined that all our directors satisfy the ‘fit and proper’
criteria. Further, pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a person is eligible for appointment as director if he or
she is between 35 and 70 years of age.

Our organizational documents also provide
that we may execute trust deeds in respect of our debentures under which the trustee or trustees may appoint a director, known
as the debenture director. The debenture director is not subject to retirement by rotation and may only be removed as provided
in the relevant trust deed. Currently, we do not have a debenture director on our Board of Directors.

Of our 12 directors at July 30, 2019, three
directors are in our whole-time employment or executive directors, one is a government director and the remaining eight directors
are independent directors. The eight independent directors include corporate executives, retired corporate executives, advisors
and chartered accountants. Of the eight independent directors, two have specialized knowledge in respect of agriculture and rural
economy or small scale industry. The board of directors of the Bank has appointed Mr. Sandeep Batra as a whole-time director (designated
as executive director) subject to the approval of the Reserve Bank of India. On approval from the Reserve Bank of India, the total
strength of the Board would increase to 13 with four directors in our whole-time employment or executive directors.

The Companies Act provides that an independent
director shall not hold office for more than two consecutive terms of five years each provided that the director is re-appointed
by passing a special resolution on completion of the first term of five consecutive years. To compute the period of five consecutive
years, the tenure of every independent director was considered afresh from April 1, 2014. Pursuant to the provisions of the Banking
Regulation Act, none of the directors other than the chairman and executive directors may hold office continuously for a period
exceeding eight years. The Companies Act also provides that in respect of banking companies, the provisions of the Companies Act
shall apply except in so far as they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Banking Regulation Act.

Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies
Act, at least two-thirds of the total number of our non-independent directors are subject to retirement by rotation. The government
director and the debenture director are not subject to retirement by rotation as per our organizational documents. One-third of
the directors liable to retire by rotation must retire from office at each annual general meeting of shareholders. A retiring director
is eligible for re-election.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held
on June 18, 2018 had appointed Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi as wholetime director and Chief Operating Officer. The Reserve Bank of India
had through its letter dated July 31, 2018 approved his appointment as wholetime director designated as Chief Operating Officer
of the Bank effective July 31, 2018 till July 30,2021. The Shareholders at the annual general meeting held on September 12, 2018
approved his appointment for a

221

period of five years effective from date of RBI approval. The
Board of Directors at its meeting held on October 4, 2018 appointed Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi as the Managing Director and CEO of the
Bank for a period of five years until October 3, 2023.
The
Reserve Bank of India through its letter dated October 15, 2018 has approved his appointment as Managing Director and CEO of the
Bank for a period of three years with effect from October 15, 2018.
 The appointment is subject to the approval of shareholders
at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Bank scheduled in August, 2019.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held
on November 16, 2015 appointed Ms. Vishakha Mulye as Executive Director for a period of five years effective from the date of receipt
of the Reserve Bank of India approval. Pursuant to approval granted by the Reserve Bank of India, Ms. Vishakha Mulye was appointed
as an Executive Director on the Board of the Bank effective January 19, 2016 for a period of three years. The Reserve Bank of India
through its letter dated January 15, 2019 has approved her re-appointment as Executive Director of the Bank for a period of two
years from January 19, 2019 to January 18, 2021. The shareholders through postal ballot on April 22, 2016 approved the appointment
of Ms. Vishakha Mulye for a period of five years effective January 19, 2016 up to January 18, 2021.

The Board of Directors at its meeting held
on October 14, 2016 appointed Mr. Anup Bagchi as Executive Director for a period of five years effective from February 1, 2017
or the date of receipt of approval from the Reserve Bank of India, whichever is later. The Reserve Bank of India granted its approval
for appointment of Mr. Anup Bagchi for a period of three years effective February 1, 2017 up to January 31, 2020. Shareholders
at the annual general meeting held on June 30, 2017 approved the appointment of Mr. Anup Bagchi for a period of five years effective
February 1, 2017 up to January 31, 2022.

The Board, appointed Mr. Hari L. Mundra,
Ms. Rama Bijapurkar, Mr. B. Sriram and Mr. S. Madhavan as additional and independent directors effective from October 26, 2018,
January 14, 2019, January 14, 2019 and April 14, 2019 respectively. Their appointments are subject to the approval of our shareholders.
The approval of shareholders will be sought at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Bank scheduled in August 2019.

Mr. M. D. Mallya, independent director,
tendered his resignation due to health reasons which was accepted by the Board. Accordingly, Mr. M. D Mallya ceased to be a director
effective October 4, 2018.

The Board of Directors at its Meeting held
on October 4, 2018 accepted the request of Ms. Chanda Kochhar to seek early retirement from the Bank with immediate effect. However,
the Board at its meeting held on January 30, 2019 reconsidered her separation from the Bank and regarded the same as ‘Termination
for Cause’, having effect from the close of business hours of the Board Meeting on January 30, 2019 after considering the
enquiry report of the Honorable Mr. Justice (Retd.) B.N. Srikrishna. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our
Business—The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, headed by a former Supreme Court Judge,
taken action against the former MD and CEO, Ms. Chanda Kochhar. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter
by government and regulatory agencies to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and
regulatory sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and reputation.”

Mr.
Lalit Kumar Chandel, Economic Adviser, Government of India, Ministry of Finance, Department of Financial Services, has been nominated
as Government Nominee Director on the Board of ICICI Bank Limited in place of Mr. Lok Ranjan, with effect from December 4, 2018.

Pursuant to completion of their primary
tenure under the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Dileep Choksi and Mr. V. K. Sharma, ceased to be directors effective close of business
hours on March 31, 2019.

Mr.
Vijay Chandok, Executive Director, tendered his resignation and ceased to be a director of the Bank effective close of business
hours on May 6, 2019 pursuant to his appointment as Managing Director and CEO of ICICI Securities Limited.

The
Board of Directors at its Meeting held on May 6, 2019 approved the appointment of Mr. Sandeep Batra as an Executive Director for
a period of five years effective May 7, 2019 or the date of approval by the Reserve Bank of India, whichever is later. The appointment
is also subject to the approval of shareholders which will be sought at the forthcoming annual general meeting scheduled in August
2019.

222

Our Board of Directors had the following
members at July 30, 2019

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date
        of first Appointment   Particulars
        of other Directorship(s) at July 30, 2019
Mr. Girish Chandra Chaturvedi 1 Independent Non-Executive Director Profession: Advisor   66   July 1, 2018 (appointed as part-time Chairman effective
        July 17, 2018)   Director Infrastructure
Leasing and Financial Services Limited Chairman IL&FS Energy
Development Company Limited
Ms. Rama Bijapurkar Independent Non-Executive Director Profession: Advisor   62   January 14, 2019   Director Mahindra and
Mahindra Financial Services limited Emami limited Nestle India
limited National Payments Corporation
        Limited VST Industries
Limited Chairperson People Research
on India’s Consumer Economy
Mr. Uday M. Chitale Independent Non-Executive Director Profession : Advisor   69   January 17, 2018   Director Axis
Mutual Fund Trustee Limited ICICI
        Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ICICI
Prudential Pension Fund Management Company Limited India
        Infradebt Limited Indian
Council for Dispute Resolution
Ms. Neelam Dhawan Independent Non-Executive
Director Profession : Advisor   59   January 12, 2018   Director Yatra Online Inc Head- India Advisory Board IBM Member - Supervisory Board Royal Philips N.V.
Mr. S. Madhavan Independent Non-Executive
Director Profession : Advisor   62   April 14, 2019   Director UFO Moviez India Limited Glaxosmithkline Consumer Health Care Limited Transport Corporation of India
Limited HCL Technologies Limited CBIX Technology Solutions Private
Limited Shopkhoj Content Private Limited Scrabble Entertainment Limited
Mr. Hari L. Mundra Independent Non-Executive
Director Profession : Advisor   69   October 26, 2018   Director Allcargo Logistics Limited Tata Autocomp Systems Limited

223

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date
        of first Appointment   Particulars
        of other Directorship(s) at July 30, 2019
Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair Independent Non-Executive
Director Profession : Advisor   64   May 2, 2018   Director Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited Touchstone Regulatory Advisors
Private Limited ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
        Limited Inditrade Microfinance Limited Geojit Financial Services Limited JRG Fincorp Limited Inditrade Housing Finance Limited Geojit Credits Private Limited
Mr. B. Sriram Independent Non-Executive Director Profession: Advisor   60   January 14, 2019   -
Mr. Lalit Kumar Chandel Profession : Government
Service   52   December 4, 2018   Director Oriental Insurance Company
        Limited
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi Managing Director and
CEO Profession : Company Executive   59   October 15, 2018   -
Ms. Vishakha Mulye Executive Director Profession : Company Executive   50   January 19, 2016   Chairperson ICICI Bank Canada Director ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
Mr. Anup Bagchi Executive Director Profession : Company Executive   48   February 1, 2017   Chairman ICICI Home Finance
Company Limited Director ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company Limited ICICI Prudential Life
        Insurance Company Limited ICICI Securities
Limited Comm Trade Services Limited
Mr. Sandeep
        Batra Executive
Director 2 Profession : Company Executive   53   May 7, 2019 or the date of approval of his appointment by RBI   Director ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited ICICI
        Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ICICI
Prudential Asset Management Company Limited ICICI
        Venture Funds Management Company Limited ICICI
Bank UK PLC Cheryl
        Advisory Private Limited

1. Pursuant to the orders of the National Company Law Tribunal
dated October 1, 2018 and October 3, 2018, the respective Boards of Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services Limited and Infrastructure
Leasing and Financial Services Limited Energy Development Company Limited appointed Mr. G. C. Chaturvedi as the Director and as
Chairman of Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services Limited Energy Development Company Limited.

2. Subject to approval of the Reserve Bank of India

Our executive officers at June 30, 2019,
who received executive remuneration in fiscal 2019, were as follows:

224

Name   Age   Designation
        and Responsibilities   Years
        of Work Experience   Total
        remuneration in Fiscal 2019 (in Rupees)(1)   Bonus
        Paid in Fiscal 2019 (in Rupees)(2)   Stock
        Options Granted during Fiscal 2018(3)   Stock
        Options Granted during Fiscal 2019(3)   Total
        Stock Options Granted through March 31, 2019   Total
        Stock Options Outstanding at March 31, 2019   Shareholdings
        at March 31, 2019(4)
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi (6)   59   Managing Director and CEO   36   49,055,976   -   -   -   7,761,450   6,733,250   524,505
Ms. Vishakha Mulye   50   Executive Director   26   52,148,124   -   753,500   -   5,554,863   3,762,000   1,037,487
Mr. Vijay Chandok   51   Executive Director   28   47,286,333   -   753,500   -   6,908,550   5,792,250   -
Mr. Anup Bagchi   48   Executive Director   27   45,892,717   -   753,500   -   4,896,925   3,734,500   -
Mr. Sandeep Batra…(7)   53   Executive Director (Designate)   31   26,813,450   -   -   -   3,280,050   2,229,050   30,000
Mr. Rakesh Jha   47   CFO   23   33,166,531   11,518,203   365,750   346,500   4,775,375   3,738,800   78,850

(1)   Includes salary and other benefits and ICICI Bank’s contribution to superannuation fund, provident and gratuity fund
paid for fiscal 2019 and excludes bonus. Remuneration paid to former wholetime directors which is not included in the above table
is as given below:

a)   Ms. Chanda Kochhar was with the Bank till October 4, 2018. Total remuneration paid in fiscal 2019 was Rs. 75,426,380. This
includes the amount pertaining to full and final settlement given to Ms. Chanda Kochhar in October 2018.

b)   Mr. N.S. Kannan was with the Bank till June 18, 2018. Total remuneration paid during fiscal 2019 was Rs. 12,544,345.

(2)   Represents amounts paid during fiscal 2019. For Executive Directors, the variable pay is paid after approvals are received
from the Reserve Bank of India.

(3)   Excludes options pertaining to Executive Directors for which approval from the Reserve Bank of India is pending.

(4)   Each stock option, once exercised, would be equivalent to one equity share of the Bank. The Bank granted these stock options
to its executive officers at no cost. See also “ —Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Employee
Stock Option Scheme ” for a description of the other terms of these stock options.

(5)   Executive officers and directors (including non-executive directors) as a group held about 0.03% of the Bank’s equity
shares as at March 31, 2019.

(6)   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi assumed office as Chief Operating Officer (Designate) effective June 19, 2018.

(7)   Mr. Sandeep Batra assumed office as President effective July 12, 2018 and was appointed as Executive Director (Designate) by
the Board of Directors on May 6, 2019 subject to approval of the Reserve Bank of India.

Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi
 completed his
management studies from Xavier School of Management (XLRI) in Jamshedpur. He has been with the ICICI Group for 32 years and has
handled various assignments in erstwhile ICICI Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance, ICICI Bank and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance.
The Board at its Meeting held on June 18, 2018 had appointed Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi as Wholetime Director and Chief Operating Officer,
subject to approval of the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India through its letter dated July 31, 2018 approved his
appointment as Wholetime Director designated as Chief Operating Officer of the Bank effective July 31, 2018. The shareholders approved
the appointment of Mr. Bakhshi as a Wholetime Director designated as Chief Operating Officer of the Bank for a period of five years
up to July 30, 2023. The Board at its Meeting held on October 4, 2018 appointed Mr. Bakhshi as Managing Director and CEO, subject
to regulatory and other approvals. The Reserve Bank of India through its letter dated October 15, 2018 has approved the appointment
of Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi as Managing Director and CEO of the Bank for a period of three years with effect from October 15, 2018.

Ms. Vishakha Mulye
 is a chartered
accountant and joined ICICI in 1993. She has worked in the areas of strategy, finance, treasury and markets, structured finance,
corporate and project finance, insurance and private equity. She was the Chief Financial Officer of ICICI Bank from 2005 to 2007,
Executive Director of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company from 2007 to 2009, and Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
of ICICI Venture Funds Management Company from 2009 to 2015. She was appointed as an Executive Director of ICICI Bank effective
January 19, 2016 and is responsible for wholesale banking.

Mr. Anup Bagchi
has a management
degree from the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore and an engineering degree from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.
Mr. Bagchi joined the ICICI Group in 1992 and has worked in the areas of retail banking, corporate banking, treasury, capital markets
and investment banking. From 2011 to 2016, Mr. Anup Bagchi was the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of ICICI Securities
Limited. He was appointed as an Executive Director effective February 1, 2017 and is responsible for retail and rural and inclusive
banking.

Mr. Sandeep Batra
 is a chartered
accountant and a company secretary by qualification. He joined the ICICI Group in 2000 in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited and worked with the company as Chief Financial Officer

225

until 2006. From November 2006 to December 2013, he was Group
Compliance Officer of the Bank. From January 2014, he was an Executive Director of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.
The Bank appointed him as President - Corporate Centre effective July 12, 2018. His responsibilities include secretarial, corporate
communications, operations and corporate branding and government and strategic relations. The compliance, internal audit and risk
management functions have administrative reporting to Mr. Sandeep Batra. The Board of Directors of ICICI Bank Limited at its meeting
held on May 6, 2019 has approved the appointment of Mr. Sandeep Batra, as Executive Director of the Bank subject to regulatory
approvals for a period of five years effective May 7, 2019 or the date of approval of his appointment by the Reserve Bank of India,
whichever is later.

Mr. Rakesh Jha
 is an engineering
graduate from the Indian Institute of Technology at Delhi and a post-graduate in management from the Indian Institute of Management,
Lucknow. He joined ICICI in 1996 and has worked in various areas including planning, strategy, finance and treasury. He was designated
the Deputy Chief Financial Officer of ICICI Bank in May 2007 and Chief Financial Officer in October 2013. His responsibilities
include financial reporting, planning and strategy and asset-liability management.

Corporate Governance

Our corporate governance policies recognize
the accountability of the Board and the importance of making the Board transparent to all our constituents, including employees,
customers, investors and the regulatory authorities, and for demonstrating that our shareholders are the ultimate beneficiaries
of our economic activities.

Our corporate governance framework is based
on an effective majority independent Board, the separation of the Board’s supervisory role from the executive management
and the constitution of Board committees, generally comprising a majority of independent directors and most of the Committees being
chaired by independent directors, to oversee critical areas and functions of executive management.

Our corporate governance philosophy encompasses
regulatory and legal requirements, such as the compliance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, aimed at a high level of business ethics, effective supervision and
enhancement of value for all stakeholders.

Our Board’s role, functions, responsibility
and accountability are clearly defined. In addition to its primary role of monitoring corporate performance, the functions of our
Board include:

approving corporate philosophy
and mission;

participating in the formulation
of strategic and business plans;

reviewing and approving financial
plans and budgets;

monitoring corporate performance
against strategic and business plans, including overseeing operations;

ensuring ethical behavior and
compliance with laws and regulations;

reviewing and approving borrowing
limits;

formulating exposure limits;
and

keeping shareholders informed
regarding plans, strategies and performance.

To enable our Board of Directors to discharge
these responsibilities effectively, executive management provides detailed reports on its performance to the Board on a quarterly
basis.

Our Board functions either as a full board
or through various committees constituted to oversee specific operational areas. These Board committees meet regularly. The quorum
of the Board committees was increased from at least two members to at least three members with effect from June 30, 2019. In case
any member of the Committee is unable to attend the meeting where two members are participating, any independent director may attend
the meeting to fulfil the requirement of three members. The constitution and main functions of the various committees are given
below.

Audit Committee

As of the date of filing this annual report,
the Audit Committee comprises three independent directors - Mr. Uday M. Chitale, Mr. S. Madhavan and Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair. The
Audit Committee is chaired by Mr. Uday M.

226

Chitale, an independent Director. Mr. Uday M. Chitale and Mr.
S. Madhavan are chartered accountants and qualify as Audit Committee financial experts.

The Audit Committee provides direction
to the audit function and monitors the quality of internal and statutory audit. The responsibilities of the Audit Committee include
examining the financial statements and auditors’ report and overseeing the financial reporting process to ensure fairness,
sufficiency and credibility of financial statements, review of the quarterly and annual financial statements before submission
to the Board, review of management’s discussion & analysis, recommendation of appointment, terms of appointment, remuneration
and removal of central and branch statutory auditors and chief internal auditor, approval of payment to statutory auditors for
other permitted services rendered by them, reviewing and monitoring with the management the auditor’s independence and the
performance and effectiveness of the audit process, approval of transactions with related parties or any subsequent modifications,
review of statement of significant related party transactions, utilisation of loans and/ or advances from/investment by the Bank
in its subsidiaries, review of functioning of the Whistle Blower Policy, review of the adequacy of internal control systems and
the internal audit function, review of compliance with inspection and audit reports and reports of statutory auditors, review of
the findings of internal investigations, review of management letters/letters on internal control weaknesses issued by statutory
auditors, reviewing with the management the statement of uses/application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, rights
issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilised for the purposes other than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice
and the report submitted by the monitoring agency, monitoring the utilisation of proceeds of a public or rights issue and making
appropriate recommendations to the Board to take steps in this matter, discussion on the scope of audit with external auditors,
examination of reasons for substantial defaults, if any, in payment to stakeholders, valuation of undertakings or assets, evaluation
of risk management systems and scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments. The Audit Committee is also empowered to appoint/oversee
the work of any registered public accounting firm, establish procedures for receipt and treatment of complaints received regarding
accounting and auditing matters and engage independent counsel as also provide for appropriate funding for compensation to be paid
to any firm/advisors. In addition, the Audit Committee also exercises oversight on the regulatory compliance function of the Bank.
The Audit Committee is also empowered to approve the appointment of the Chief Financial Officer after assessing the qualifications,
experience and background, etc. of the candidate.

Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination
Committee

As of the date of filing this annual report,
the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee comprises four independent directors - Ms. Neelam Dhawan, Mr. Girish
Chandra Chaturvedi, Ms. Rama Bijapurkar and Mr. B. Sriram. Ms. Neelam Dhawan, an independent Director, is the Chairperson of the
Committee.

The functions of the Committee include
recommending appointments of directors to the Board, identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed
in senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down and recommending to the Board their appointment and removal, formulate
a criteria for the evaluation of the performance of the wholetime/independent directors and the Board and to extend or continue
the term of appointment of independent directors on the basis of the report of performance evaluation of independent directors,
recommending to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration for the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees,
recommending to the Board the remuneration (including performance bonus and perquisites) to wholetime directors and senior management
personnel. Recommending commission and fee payable to non-executive directors subject to applicable regulations, approving the
policy for and quantum of bonus payable to the members of the staff including senior management and key managerial personnel, formulating
the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director, framing policy on Board diversity,
framing guidelines for the Employees Stock Option Scheme (ESOS) and decide on the grant of stock options to employees and wholetime
directors of the Bank and its subsidiary companies.

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

As of the date of filing this annual report,
the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee comprises four directors - Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair, Ms. Rama Bijapurkar, Mr. Uday
Chitale and Mr. Anup Bagchi. Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair, an independent Director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee include
review of corporate social responsibility initiatives undertaken by the ICICI Group and the ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth,
formulation and recommendation to the Board of a corporate social responsibility policy indicating the activities to be undertaken
by the Company and recommendation of the amount of the expenditure to be incurred on such activities, reviewing and recommending
the annual corporate social responsibility plan to the Board, making recommendations to the Board with respect to the corporate
social responsibility initiatives, policies and practices of the ICICI Group, monitoring the corporate social responsibility activities,
implementation and compliance with the corporate social responsibility policy and reviewing and

227

implementing, if required, any other matter related to corporate
social responsibility initiatives as recommended/suggested by the Reserve Bank of India or any other body.

Credit Committee

As of the date of filing this annual report,
the Credit Committee comprises four Directors - Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Mr. Girish Chandra Chaturvedi, Mr. Hari L. Mundra and Ms.
Vishakha Mulye. Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Managing Director & CEO is the Chairman of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee include
review of developments in key industrial sectors, major credit portfolios and approval of credit proposals as per the authorization
approved by the Board.

Customer Service Committee

As of the date of filing this annual
report, the Customer Service Committee comprises five directors - Mr. S. Madhavan, Ms. Neelam Dhawan, Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair,
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi and Mr. Anup Bagchi. Mr. S. Madhavan, an independent director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee include
review of customer service initiatives, overseeing the functioning of the Customer Service Council and evolving innovative measures
for enhancing the quality of customer service and improvement in the overall satisfaction level of customers.

Fraud Monitoring Committee

As of the date of filing this
annual report, the Fraud Monitoring Committee comprises five directors - Mr. S. Madhavan, Ms. Neelam Dhawan, Mr.
Radhakrishnan Nair, Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi and Mr. Anup Bagchi. Mr. S. Madhavan, an independent director, is the Chairman of the
Committee.

The Committee monitors and reviews all
the frauds involving an amount of Rs. 10 million and above with the objective of identifying the systemic lacunae, if any, that
facilitated perpetration of the fraud and put in place measures to rectify the same. The functions of this Committee include identifying
the reasons for delay in detection, if any, and apprising the top management of the Bank and the Reserve Bank of India on the same.
The progress of investigation and recovery position is also monitored by the Committee. The Committee also ensures that staff accountability
is examined at all levels in all the cases of frauds and action, if required, is completed quickly without loss of time. The role
of the Committee is also to review the efficacy of the remedial action taken to prevent recurrence of frauds, such as strengthening
of internal controls and put in place other measures as may be considered relevant to strengthen preventive measures against frauds.

Information Technology Strategy Committee

As of the date of filing this annual report,
the Information Technology Strategy Committee comprises four directors – Mr. B. Sriram, Ms. Neelam Dhawan, Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi
and Mr. Anup Bagchi. Mr. B. Sriram, an independent Director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee are to approve
the strategy for information technology and policy documents, ensure that the information technology strategy is aligned with business
strategy, review information technology risks, ensure the proper balance of information technology investments for sustaining the
Bank’s growth, oversee the aggregate funding of information technology at Bank-level, ascertain if the management has resources
to ensure the proper management of information technology risks, review the contribution of information technology to our business
and oversee the activities of the digital council.

Risk Committee

As of the date of filing this annual report,
the Risk Committee comprises two directors - Mr. B. Sriram and Mr. S. Madhavan. Mr. B. Sriram, an independent Director, is the
Chairman of the Committee. Mr. Sandeep Batra will be inducted as a member of the Risk Committee from the date of approval of his
appointment as Executive Director by the Reserve Bank of India.

The functions of the Committee are to review
ICICI Bank’s risk management policies pertaining to credit, market, liquidity, operational, outsourcing, reputation risks
and business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan. The functions of the Committee also include review of the Enterprise Risk
Management framework, risk appetite framework, stress testing framework, Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process and framework
for capital allocation; review of the status of Basel II and Basel III implementation, risk return profile of the Bank, risk dashboard

228

covering various risks, outsourcing activities and the activities
of the Asset Liability Management Committee. The Committee also has oversight on risks of subsidiaries covered under the Group
Risk Management Framework. The Committee also carries out Cyber Security risk assessment.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

As of the date of filing this annual report,
the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee comprises three directors - Mr. Hari L. Mundra, Mr. Uday M. Chitale and Mr. Anup
Bagchi. Mr. Hari L. Mundra, an independent Director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee include
approval and rejection of transfer or transmission of shares, bonds, debentures, issue of duplicate certificates, allotment of
securities from time to time, redressal and resolution of grievances of security holders, delegation of authority for opening and
operation of bank accounts for payment of interest/dividend.

Review Committee for Identification of Willful
Defaulters/Non Co-operative Borrowers

The Managing Director and CEO is the Chairman
of this Committee and any two independent directors comprise the remaining members.

The function of the Committee is to review
the order of the Committee for identification of wilful defaulters/non co-operative borrowers (a Committee comprising wholetime
directors and senior executives of the Bank to examine the facts and record the fact of the borrower being a wilful defaulter/non
co-operative borrower) and confirm the same for the order to be considered final.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a Group Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics for our directors and all our employees. This code aims at ensuring consistent standards of conduct and ethical
business practices across the constituents of the Company and is reviewed on an annual basis. We have not granted a waiver from
any provision of the code to any of our directors or executive officers. See also “
Business—Legal and regulatory
proceedings
”.

Principal Accountant: Fees and Services

The total fees to our principal accountant
relating to the audit of consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019 and the fees for other professional
services billed in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019 are as follows:

Year ended March 31,
2018   2019   2019
(in millions)   (in thousands)
Audit
Audit of ICICI Bank Limited and our subsidiaries   Rs.   300   Rs.   306   US$   4,426
Audit-related services
Opinion on non-statutory accounts   23   8   110
Others   34   25   355
Sub-total   357   339   4,891
Non-audit services
Tax compliance   1   1   15
Sub-total   1   1   15
Total   Rs.   358   Rs.   340   US$   4,906

Fees for “others” under the
audit services category are principally fees related to certification services. Our Audit Committee approved the fees paid to our
principal accountant relating to audit of consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2019 and fees for other professional services
billed in fiscal 2019. Our Audit Committee pre-approves all assignments undertaken for us by our principal accountant.

Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices

The following is a summary comparison of
significant differences between our corporate governance practices and those required by the New York Stock Exchange for United
States issuers.

229

Independent Directors

A majority (eight
of 12) of our Board are independent directors, as defined under applicable Indian legal requirements. Section 149 of the Companies
Act notified effective April 1, 2014 as amended from time to time, has defined an independent director and specified the eligibility
criteria for a director to be classified as independent. The criteria inter-alia includes that a director in order to be independent
should not have any pecuniary relationship, other than remuneration as such director or having transaction not exceeding ten percent
of his/her total income with the company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company, or their promoters, or directors, during
the two immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year. The criteria also stipulate restrictions on
the nature of transaction that a relative of a director can have with the Company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company
or their promoters or directors for determination of independence as a director. Exemptions have been prescribed for certain transactions,
which may be in the ordinary course of business and at arm’s length. As per the Companies Act, every independent director
at the first meeting of the Board in which he/she participates as a director and thereafter at the first meeting of the Board in
every financial year or whenever there is any change in the circumstances which may affect his/her independent status is required
to give a declaration that he/she meets the relevant independence criteria. In classifying our directors as independent, we have
relied on the declarations provided by the directors as prescribed under the Companies Act and placed at the board meeting held
in May 2019, applicable Reserve Bank of India guidelines and circulars and legal advice obtained in this regard. The Board has
accordingly determined the independence of these directors. Pursuant to the Companies Act, the director nominated by Government
of India would not be classified as independent. Although the judgment on independence must be made by our Board as required under
the Companies Act, there is no requirement that our Board affirmatively make such determination, in accordance with the independence
test as required by the New York Stock Exchange rules.

Non-Management Directors Meetings

The Companies Act requires independent
directors to meet at least once a year without the non-independent directors and members of the management. The independent directors
at such meetings are required to review the performance of the Chairman, non-independent directors and the Board as a whole. The
independent directors met on May 6, 2019 to carry out these reviews. Prior to this, the independent directors had met separately
to carry out similar reviews before at the Board meeting held on May 7, 2018.

Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination
Committee and Audit Committee

All members of our Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee are independent, as defined under applicable Indian legal requirements. All members of our Audit Committee
are independent under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. The constitution and main functions of these committees as approved by
our Board are described above and comply with the spirit of the New York Stock Exchange requirements for United States issuers.

Corporate Governance Guidelines

Under New York Stock Exchange rules, United
States issuers are required to adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines addressing matters such as standards of director
qualification, responsibilities of directors, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, management
succession and annual performance review of the board of directors. While as a foreign private issuer, we are not required to adopt
such guidelines, under the home country regulations, pursuant to the notification of the Companies Act, the Bank has disclosed
the policy on director appointments and remuneration including criteria for determining qualifications and independence of a director
in its Indian annual report to shareholders for fiscal 2018. The Bank is also required to provide a statement indicating the manner
in which formal annual evaluation has been made by the Board of its own performance and that of its committees and individual directors
and this statement has been included in the Indian annual report.

Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers

Remuneration

Under our organizational documents, each
of our non-executive directors, except our government Director, is entitled to receive remuneration for attending each meeting
of our Board or of a Board committee. The amount of remuneration payable to non-executive directors is set by our Board from time
to time in accordance with limits prescribed by the Companies Act and the rules thereunder. The Board of Directors has approved
the payment of Rs. 100,000 as sitting fee for each meeting of the Board and Audit Committee and Rs. 50,000 as sitting fee for each
meeting of any other Committee. The Reserve Bank of India has permitted the payment of profit-related commission up to Rs. 1,000,000
per annum for non-executive directors (other than non-executive part-time Chairman). Pursuant to the above, our shareholders have
approved guidelines in fiscal 2016 for the payment of profit-related commission to non-executive directors (other than Government
Nominee Director). In addition, we reimburse our directors for travel

230

and related expenses in connection with attending Board and
Committee meetings and related matters. If a director is required to perform services for us beyond attending meetings, we may
remunerate the director as determined by our Board of Directors which remuneration may be either in addition to or as substitution
for the remuneration discussed above. We have not paid any remuneration to non-executive Directors other than the remuneration
for attending each meeting of our Board or of a Board committee and profit related commission to the non-executive Directors (other
than the Chairman). Non-executive directors are not entitled to the payment of any benefits at the end of their terms of office.
The Reserve Bank of India has approved a remuneration of Rs. 3,500,000 per annum for the non-executive chairman.

Our Board or a Committee thereof may fix,
the salary and supplementary allowance payable to the executive directors. We are required to obtain specific approval of the Reserve
Bank of India for the actual monthly salary, supplementary allowance and annual performance bonus paid each year to our executive
directors.

In addition to the basic salary and supplementary
allowance, our executive directors are entitled to certain perquisites (evaluated pursuant to Indian Income-Tax rules wherever
applicable and otherwise at actual cost to the Bank), including the benefit of the Bank’s furnished accommodation, gas, electricity,
water and furnishings, club fees, group insurance, use of car and telephone at residence or reimbursement of expenses in lieu thereof,
medical reimbursement, leave and leave travel concession, education benefits, staff home loans, provident fund, superannuation
fund and gratuity, in accordance with the scheme(s) and rule(s) applicable from time to time.

There are no service contracts with our
executive directors providing for benefits upon termination of their employment.

The total compensation paid by the Bank
to its executive directors and executive officers during fiscal 2019 was Rs. 354 million.

Bonus

Each year, our Board of Directors awards
discretionary bonuses to employees and executive directors on the basis of the Bank’s performance and individual performance.
The performance of each employee is evaluated through a performance management appraisal system. The aggregate amount of bonuses
and performance linked retention pay to all eligible employees of ICICI Bank for fiscal 2019 was Rs. 8.8 billion. This amount was
paid in fiscal 2020, excluding the payment of bonuses to executive directors which requires the approval of the Reserve Bank of
India.

Employee Stock Option Scheme

The Bank has an Employee Stock Option Scheme
to encourage and retain high-performing employees and directors. Pursuant to the stock option scheme as amended, up to 10.0% of
the aggregate of issued equity shares of the Bank at the time of the grant of stock options could be allocated under the employee
stock option scheme. As on March 31, 2019, this 10% limit was equivalent to 645 million shares, of which the Bank has granted about
499 million options under the Employee Stock Option Scheme. Employees and Directors of the Bank, its subsidiaries and its holding
company are eligible employees for grants of stock options. The Bank has no holding company. The maximum number of options granted
to any eligible employee in a year is restricted to 0.05% of the Bank’s issued equity shares at the time of the grant.

Options granted after April 1, 2014 vest
in a graded manner over a three-year period, with 30%, 30% and 40% of the options vesting on the first, second and third anniversaries
of the grant date respectively, except as follows:

·   For the 275,000 options granted in April 2014, 50% vested on April 30, 2017 and 50% vested on April 30, 2018.

·   For the options granted in September 2015, 50% vested on April 30, 2018 and the balance of 50% vested on April 30, 2019.

·   300,000 options granted in January 2018, would vest to the extent of 100% at the end of four years from the date of grant.

·   188,000 options granted in May 2018, 50% would vest on May 7, 2021 and the balance of 50% would vest on May 7, 2022. The unvested
options would lapse upon termination of employment due to retirement.

Options granted prior to April 1, 2014
vested in a graded manner over a four-year period, with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of the grants vesting on each of the first four anniversaries
of the grant date, except as follows:

231

Options granted in April 2009
vested in a graded manner over a five-year period with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from
the end of 24 months from the date of the grant.

For the options granted in February
2011, 50% of the options vested on April 30, 2014 and 50% vested on April 30, 2015.

Options granted in September
2011 vested in a graded manner over a five-year period with 15%, 20%, 20% and 45% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing
from the end of 24 months from the date of grant.

The price for options granted is equal
to the closing price on the stock exchange which recorded the highest trading volume preceding the date of grant of options. Options
granted in February 2011 were granted at an exercise price which was approximately 3.0% below the closing price preceding the date
of grant of options.

Pursuant to the approval of shareholders
in June 2017, the exercise period is such period not exceeding ten years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined
by the Board of Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant. In September 2018, the shareholders approved
the change in exercise period as such period not exceeding five years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined
by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant with effect from May 2018.

The following table sets forth certain
information regarding the stock option grants made to employees under the Employee Stock Option Scheme as of March 31, 2019. The
Bank granted all of these stock options at no cost to its employees. Options granted include grants to wholetime directors and
employees of subsidiaries of the Bank. The Bank has not granted any stock options to its non-executive directors.

The following table sets forth certain
information regarding the options summary of the Bank at March 31, 2019.

Particulars   ICICI Bank
Options granted (net of lapsed) (1)   499,242,022
Options vested   447,996,160
Options exercised   269,686,248
Options forfeited/lapsed   102,065,542
Extinguishment or modification of options   -
Amount realized by exercise of options   Rs.   23,856,003,155
Total number of options in force   229,555,774
Weighted average exercise price of options in force   Rs.   234.80

(1)   The above table excludes options pertaining to wholetime directors pending for approval from the Reserve bank of India.

See also “
Consolidated financial
statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes—Note 18
”
under U. S. GAAP included herein.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
has a Employees Stock Option Scheme (2005). The aggregate number of shares issued or issuable since March 31, 2016 pursuant to
the exercise of any options granted shall not exceed 2.64% of the number of shares of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company issued
as on March 31, 2016. The maximum number of options granted to any Eligible Employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.1%
of the issued shares of the company at the time of grant of options. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company had 7,723,317 stock
options outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2019.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
has an Employee Stock Option Scheme, the terms of which allow up to 5.0% of the issued capital to be allocated to employee stock
options. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company had granted options on July 17, 2018. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
had 2,645,500 employee stock options outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2019.

Loans

The Bank has internal rules for grant of
loans to employees and executive directors to acquire certain assets such as property, vehicles and other consumer durables at
significantly lower interest rates than the market rate. The Bank’s loans to employees have been made at interest rates ranging
from 2.5% to 3.5% per annum and are repayable over fixed periods of time. The loans are generally secured by the assets acquired
by the employees. Pursuant to the Banking Regulation Act, the Bank’s non-executive directors are not eligible for any loans.
At year-end fiscal 2019, outstanding loans to the Bank’s employees totaled Rs. 8.4 billion compared to Rs. 8.8 billion at
year-end fiscal 2018. This amount included loans to certain executive directors amounting to Rs. 204 million at year-ended fiscal
2019 compared to Rs.

232

142 million at year-end fiscal 2018, made on the same terms,
including as to interest rates and collateral, as loans to other employees. Loans to executive directors are given after approval
by the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Related Party Transactions
”.

Gratuity

The Bank pays gratuity to employees who
retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service and, in the case of employees at overseas locations, in
accordance with the rules in force in the respective countries. The Bank makes contributions to gratuity funds for employees which
is administered by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

Actuarial valuation of the gratuity liability
for all the above funds is determined by an actuary appointed by the Bank. Actuarial valuation of gratuity liability is determined
based on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected unit
credit method.

The accounts of the fund are audited by
independent auditors. The total corpus of the fund at year-end fiscal 2019 based on its audited financial statements was Rs.
9,894 million compared to Rs. 9,025 million at year-end fiscal 2018.

Superannuation Fund

The Bank contributes 15% of the total annual
basic salary and dearness allowance (if applicable) to a superannuation fund in respect of the employees to whom it applies. The
Bank’s employees may elect on retirement or resignation to receive one-third or one-half, depending on the tenure of service,
of the total balance as commutation and a periodic pension based on the remaining balance. In the event of the death of an employee,
his or her beneficiary receives the remaining accumulated balance, if eligible. The Bank also gives a cash option to its employees,
allowing them to receive the amount that would otherwise be contributed by the Bank in their monthly salary during their employment.
The superannuation fund is administered by Life Insurance Corporation of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.
Employees have the option to choose between funds administered by the Life Insurance Corporation of India and ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited. The total corpus of the superannuation fund was Rs. 3,618 million at year-end fiscal 2019 compared
to Rs. 3,337 million at year-end fiscal 2018.

Provident Fund

The Bank is statutorily required to maintain
a provident fund as part of its retirement benefits to its employees. There are separate provident funds for employees inducted
from merged entities (Bank of Madura, The Bank of Rajasthan and Sangli Bank) and for other employees of the Bank. These funds are
managed by in-house trustees. Each employee contributes 12.0% of his or her basic salary and the Bank contributes an equal amount
to the funds. The investments of the funds are made according to rules prescribed by the Government of India. The accounts of the
funds are audited by independent auditors. The total corpuses of the funds for employees inducted from merged entities and other
employees of the Bank at year-end fiscal 2019, based on their audited financial statements, amount to Rs. 2,858 million and Rs.
25,743 million respectively, as compared to Rs. 3,103 million and Rs. 22,414 million, respectively, for fiscal 2018.

Pension Fund

The Bank provides for pension, a deferred
retirement plan covering certain employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. The plan provides for
pension payments, including dearness relief, on a monthly basis to these employees on their retirement based on the respective
employee’s salary and years of service with the Bank. For the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan employees
in service, funds are managed by the trust and the liability is funded as per actuarial valuation. The trust purchases annuities
from the Life Insurance Corporation of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited as part of its master policies
for payment of pension to retired employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. Employees covered
by the pension plan are not eligible for employer’s contribution under the provident fund plan. The corpus, based on audited
financial statements at year-end fiscal 2019 was Rs. 15,242 million compared to Rs. 16,051 million at year-end fiscal 2018.

National Pension Scheme

National Pension Scheme (NPS) is a voluntary,
defined contribution retirement savings scheme. The Bank contributes 10% of basic salary to NPS for employees who opt to participate
in the scheme. These funds are invested by Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) and are regulated by professional
fund managers as

233

per the investment option selected by the respective employees.
At the time of retirement, up to 60% of the accumulated contributions (including returns thereon) can be withdrawn as lump-sum
by the employee. The residual accumulated contributions need to be used for the purchase of a life annuity from a PFRDA empaneled
life insurance company. The Bank has contributed Rs. 95 million for the year-end fiscal 2019 (year-end fiscal 2018: Rs. 77 million)
to NPS for employees who had opted for the scheme.

Interest of Management in Certain Transactions

Except as otherwise stated in this annual
report, no amount or benefit has been paid or given to any of our directors or executive officers.

234

OVERVIEW
OF THE INDIAN FINANCIAL SECTOR

Introduction

The Reserve
Bank of India, the central banking and monetary authority of India, is the central regulatory and supervisory authority for the
Indian financial system. A variety of financial intermediaries in the public and private sectors participate in India’s financial
sector, including the following:

•   commercial banks;

•   co-operative banks;

•   non-banking finance companies, including housing finance
companies;

•   other specialized financial institutions, and state-level
financial institutions;

•   insurance companies; and

•   mutual funds.

This discussion
presents an overview of the role and activities of the Reserve Bank of India and of each of the major participants in the Indian
financial system, with a focus on commercial banks. This is followed by a brief summary of the banking reform process and key reform
measures announced or proposed in recent years. Finally, measures announced by the Reserve Bank of India in recent monetary policy
statements are briefly reviewed.

The Reserve Bank of
India

The Reserve
Bank of India, established in 1935, is the central banking and monetary authority in India. The Reserve Bank of India manages the
country’s money supply and foreign exchange and also serves as a bank for the Government of India and for the country’s
commercial banks. In addition to the traditional central banking roles, the Reserve Bank of India undertakes certain developmental
and promotional roles.

The Reserve
Bank of India issued guidelines on exposure limits, income recognition, asset classification, provisioning for non-performing and
restructured assets, investment valuation and capital adequacy for commercial banks, long-term lending institutions and non-bank
finance companies. The Reserve Bank of India requires these institutions to furnish information relating to their businesses to
it on a regular basis. The Reserve Bank of India can issue directions to banking companies on the resolution of stressed assets
when required. For further discussion regarding the Reserve Bank of India’s role as the regulatory and supervisory authority
of India’s financial system and its impact on us, see
“Supervision and Regulation”
.

Commercial Banks

Commercial
banks in India meet the short-term financial needs, or working capital requirements, of industry, trade and agriculture, provide
long-term financing to sectors like infrastructure and provide retail loan products. At March 31, 2019, there were 147 scheduled
commercial banks in the country, with a network of 141,756 branches serving approximately Rs. 125.6 trillion in deposit accounts.
Scheduled commercial banks are banks that are listed in the second schedule of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, and are further
categorized as public sector banks, private sector banks and foreign banks. Scheduled commercial banks have a presence throughout
India, with approximately 62.9% of bank branches located in rural or semi-urban areas of the country.

235

Public
Sector Banks

Public sector
banks make up the largest category in the Indian banking system. They include the State Bank of India, 18 nationalized banks and
53 regional rural banks. Excluding the regional rural banks, the remaining public sector banks have 88,434 branches, and accounted
for 58.8% of the outstanding gross bank credit and 63.1% of the aggregate deposits of scheduled commercial banks at March 31, 2019.
The State Bank of India is the largest bank in India in terms of total assets. In one of the largest consolidations in the Indian
banking industry, the State Bank of India merged its five associate banks and the Bharatiya Mahila Bank effective from April 1,
2017. In September 2018, the Government of India announced the amalgamation of three public sector banks, Bank of Baroda, Vijaya
Bank and Dena Bank. The merger was effective from April 1, 2019.

Regional rural
banks were established from 1976 to 1987 by the Indian central government, state governments and sponsoring commercial banks jointly
with a view to develop the rural economy. Regional rural banks provide credit to small farmers, artisans, small entrepreneurs and
agricultural laborers. The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development is responsible for supervising the functions of
the regional rural banks. At March 31, 2019, there were 53 regional rural banks and they had 21,873 branches, and accounted for
3.4% of aggregate deposits and 2.9% of gross bank credit outstanding of scheduled commercial banks.

Private
Sector Banks

After
the first phase of bank nationalization was completed in 1969, public sector banks made up the largest portion of Indian banking.
In July 1993, as part of the banking reform process and as a measure to induce competition in the banking sector, the Reserve Bank
of India permitted entry of the private sector into the banking system. This resulted in the introduction of new private sector
banks, including us. At March 31, 2019, there were a total of 22 private sector banks including the latest licensed IDFC Limited
(renamed as IDFC First Bank Limited in fiscal 2019) and Bandhan Financial Services Private Limited that began operations in fiscal
2016. In fiscal 2019, the ownership of a public sector bank, IDBI Bank, was acquired by Life Insurance Corporation of India, following
which the bank was reclassified as a private sector bank by the Reserve Bank of India. In September 2015, the Reserve Bank of India
granted in-principle licenses to 10 small finance banks and to 11 payments banks in the private sector. Ten small finance banks
and seven payments banks have begun operations and three payments banks licensees have surrendered their licenses.
Recently,
a payment bank that had begun operations voluntarily decided to wind up its operations.
See also
“—Structural
Reforms—Differentiated Licenses”
. In the monetary policy statement announced in June 2019, the Reserve Bank of
India has proposed to issue draft guidelines for on-tap licensing of small finance banks.

At March 31,
2019, private sector banks, including the small finance banks, accounted for approximately 29.0% of aggregate deposits and 34.2%
of gross bank credit outstanding of the scheduled commercial banks. Their network of 31,154 branches accounted for 22.0% of the
total branch network of scheduled commercial banks in the country.

Foreign
Banks

There were
46 foreign banks operating in India in fiscal 2019. At March 31, 2019, foreign banks had 295 branches and accounted for 4.5% of
aggregate deposits and 4.1% of outstanding gross bank credit of scheduled commercial banks. As part of the liberalization process,
the Reserve Bank of India has permitted foreign banks to operate more freely, subject to requirements largely similar to those
imposed on domestic banks. The primary activity of most foreign banks in India has been in the corporate segment. However, some
foreign banks have made retail banking a significant part of their portfolios. Most foreign banks operate in India through branches
of the parent bank. Certain foreign banks also have wholly owned non-bank finance company, investment banking, securities broking,
insurance and asset management subsidiaries or joint ventures for both corporate and retail lending.

In a circular
dated July 6, 2004, the Reserve Bank of India stipulated that banks should not acquire any fresh stake in another banks’
equity shares, if by such acquisition, the investing bank’s holding exceeded 5.0% of the investee bank’s equity capital.
This also applies to holdings of foreign banks with a presence in India, in Indian

236

banks. The Reserve Bank of India issued
a notification on “Roadmap for presence of foreign banks in India” on February 28, 2005, announcing the following measures
with respect to the presence of foreign banks:

•	    During the first phase
(up to March 2009), foreign banks were allowed to establish a presence by setting up wholly owned subsidiaries or by converting
existing branches into wholly owned subsidiaries.

•	    In addition, during
the first phase, foreign banks were allowed to acquire a controlling stake in a phased manner only in private sector banks that
are identified by the Reserve Bank of India for restructuring.

•	    For new and existing
foreign banks, it was proposed to go beyond the existing World Trade Organization commitment of allowing increases of 12 branches
per year. A more liberal policy will be followed for areas with a small number of banks.

•	    During the second
phase (scheduled to be from April 2009 onwards), after a review of the first phase, foreign banks would be allowed to acquire up
to 74.0% in private sector banks in India.

However, in
view of the deterioration in the global financial markets during fiscal 2009, the Reserve Bank of India decided to put on hold
the second phase until there was greater clarity over the economic recovery as well as the reformed global regulatory and supervisory
architecture.

In November
2013, the Reserve Bank of India issued a scheme for the establishment of wholly owned subsidiaries by foreign banks in India. The
scheme envisages that foreign banks which commenced business in India after August 2010, or will do so in the future, will be permitted
to do so only through wholly owned subsidiaries if certain specified criteria apply to them. These criteria include incorporation
in a jurisdiction which gives legal preference to home country depositor claims, among others. Further, a foreign bank that has
set up operations in India through the branch mode after August 2010 will be required to convert its operations into a subsidiary
if it is considered to be systemically important. A bank would be considered to be systemically important if the assets on its
Indian balance sheet (including credit equivalent of off-balance sheet items) exceed 0.25% of the assets of the Indian banking
system. Establishment of a subsidiary would require approval of the Reserve Bank of India and for this purpose, the Reserve Bank
of India would take into account various factors including economic and political relations with the country of incorporation of
the parent bank and reciprocity with the home country of the parent bank. The regulatory framework for a subsidiary of a foreign
bank would be substantially similar to that applicable to domestic banks, including with respect to management, directed lending,
investments and branch expansion. Wholly owned subsidiaries of foreign banks may, after further review, be permitted to enter into
mergers and acquisition transactions with Indian private sector banks, subject to adherence to the foreign ownership limit of 74%
applicable to Indian private sector banks. The Reserve Bank of India, in its second quarter monetary policy review announced in
October 2013 has also proposed near national treatment for foreign banks, based on the principles of reciprocity and subsidiary
mode of presence.

In July 2012,
the Reserve Bank of India revised priority sector lending norms and mandated foreign banks with 20 branches or more in India to
meet priority sector lending norms as prescribed for domestic banks. In April 2015, revised priority sector lending guidelines
were issued by the Reserve Bank of India, and require foreign banks with less than 20 branches to also meet priority sector lending
norms in a phased manner by fiscal 2020. Further, from fiscal 2019, foreign banks with 20 branches or above were also required
to meet the priority sector lending sub-targets towards small and marginal farmers and micro enterprises.

Long-Term
Lending Institutions

The long-term
lending institutions were established to provide medium-term and long-term financial assistance to various industries for setting
up new projects and for the expansion and modernization of existing facilities. Pursuant to the recommendations of the Narasimham
Committee II and the Khan Working Group, a working group created in 1999 to harmonize the role and operations of long-term lending
institutions and banks, the Reserve Bank of India announced in fiscal 2000 that long-term lending institutions would have the option
of transforming themselves

237

into banks subject to compliance with
the prudential norms as applicable to banks. In April 2002, ICICI merged with ICICI Bank. The Industrial Development Bank (Transfer
of Undertaking and Repeal) Act, 2003 converted the Industrial Development Bank of India into a banking company incorporated under
the Companies Act, 1956. IDBI Bank Limited, a new private sector bank that was a subsidiary of the Industrial Development Bank
of India, was merged with the Industrial Development Bank of India in April 2005. The long-term funding needs of Indian companies
are met primarily by banks, Life Insurance Corporation of India and specialized non-bank finance companies. Indian companies also
issue bonds to institutional and retail investors.

Co-operative Banks

Co-operative
banks cater to the financing needs of agriculture, small industry and self-employed businessmen in urban and semi-urban areas of
India. The state land development banks and the primary land development banks provide long-term credit for agriculture. In light
of the liquidity and insolvency problems experienced by some co-operative banks in fiscal 2001, the Reserve Bank of India undertook
several interim measures, pending formal legislative changes, including measures related to lending against shares, borrowings
in the call market and term deposits placed with other urban co-operative banks. Presently, the Reserve Bank of India is responsible
for the supervision and regulation of urban co-operative banks, and the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD)
for state co-operative banks and district central co-operative banks. The Banking Regulation (Amendment) and Miscellaneous Provisions
Act, 2004 provides for the regulation of all co-operative banks by the Reserve Bank of India.

With a view
to strengthen the capital structure of co-operative banks, the Reserve Bank of India announced a minimum capital adequacy requirement
of 9.0% for state and central co-operative banks in January 2014 to be achieved in a phased manner over a period of three years.
The guidelines prescribe a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 7.0% by March 31, 2015 and 9.0% with effect from March 31, 2017. Co-operative
banks have also been allowed to issue long-term deposits and perpetual debt instruments in order to be able to meet the prescribed
capital adequacy requirements. Further, with a view to provide an additional window for liquidity management over and above the
Reserve Bank of India’s liquidity adjustment facility, from August 2018 the marginal standing facility was extended to scheduled
urban cooperative banks and state cooperative banks which are core banking system enabled and have a capital adequacy ratio of
at least 9.0%.

The Reserve
Bank of India announced measures to enable well-managed co-operative banks to expand their business. Financially sound urban co-operative
banks having a minimum net worth of Rs. 1.0 billion and technology enabled systems have been allowed to issue credit cards. State
co-operative banks have been permitted to set up offsite automated teller machines (ATMs) and mobile ATMs without the prior approval
of the Reserve Bank of India. Co-operative banks fulfilling specific requirements like core banking solution, capital adequacy
of above 10.0% and net worth of above Rs. 250 million have been allowed to offer internet banking facilities to their customers
and to issue open system prepaid payment instruments. In fiscal 2019, the Reserve Bank of India proposed to allow large urban co-operative
banks meeting specific criteria to voluntarily convert into small finance banks.

Non-Banking Finance
Companies

There were
9,659 non-banking finance companies in India at March 31, 2019, mostly in the private sector. Of these, 88 were deposit-taking
non-banking finance companies, and the rest were non-deposit taking entities. All non-banking finance companies are required to
register with the Reserve Bank of India. Non-banking finance companies are categorized on the following basis: (i) in terms of
the type of liabilities into deposit and non-deposit accepting non-banking finance companies; (ii) non-deposit taking non-banking
finance companies by their size into systemically important companies with asset size above Rs. 1.0 billion and other non-deposit
holding companies; and (iii) by the kind of activity they conduct. The companies that take public deposits are subject to strict
supervision and capital adequacy requirements, similar to banks, by the Reserve Bank of India. Non-banking financial companies
are broadly classified into eight categories—asset finance companies, loan companies, investment companies, infrastructure
finance companies, infrastructure debt funds, microfinance companies, factors and core investment companies. The Reserve Bank of
India introduced a new type of non-banking finance company, account aggregators, in fiscal 2017 which will consolidate, organize
and present financial information pertaining to a customer either to the

238

customer or to any other person as
instructed by the customer. They cannot offer any financial services or support financial transactions. To allow greater operational
flexibility, in fiscal 2019, the Reserve Bank of India decided to harmonise three different categories of non-banking financial
companies into one. Accordingly, asset finance companies, loan companies and investment companies were combined into a single category
of investment and credit company.

At March 31,
2019, the asset base of deposit taking non-banking financial companies and non-deposit taking systemically important non-banking
financial companies combined was Rs. 20.6 trillion, with a net credit outstanding of Rs. 18.6 trillion and borrowings of Rs. 19.6
trillion.

ICICI Securities
Limited, our subsidiary, is a non-banking finance company that does not accept public deposits, and ICICI Home Finance Company,
our subsidiary, is a housing finance company that accepts public deposits. The primary activities of the non-banking finance companies
are consumer credit (including automobile finance, home finance and consumer durable products finance, wholesale finance products
such as bill discounting for small and medium companies), and infrastructure finance, and fee-based services, such as investment
banking and underwriting. In November 2011, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on the establishment of infrastructure
debt funds in the form of mutual funds or non-banking finance companies. In fiscal 2013, we in partnership with other domestic
and international banks and financial institutions launched India’s first infrastructure debt fund set up in the form of
a non-banking finance company. We along with our wholly owned subsidiary have a shareholding of 42.3% in this company.

The Reserve
Bank of India issues guidelines with regard to lending, exposure, provisioning requirements and restructuring of loans for the
various categories of non-banking finance companies. In August 2011, the Reserve Bank of India released a working group report
on issues and concerns in the non-banking finance companies sector. In March 2015, the Reserve Bank of India issued the final regulatory
framework for non-banking finance companies in line with the recommendations of the working group. Some key recommendations include
a minimum asset size of Rs. 500 million with a minimum net owned fund of Rs. 20 million for registering as a non-banking finance
company, a minimum Tier 1 capital of 12.0%, introduction of liquidity ratios, more stringent asset classification norms and provisioning
norms and limits on exposure to real estate. Deposit accepting non-banking finance companies should have a minimum investment grade
rating to accept public deposits. In the event of a downgrade below investment grade, the company would have to stop accepting
new deposits and cannot renew existing deposits. Further, deposit accepting non-banking finance companies had to achieve a minimum
Tier 1 capital of 8.5% by March 31, 2016, and 10.0% by March 31, 2017. In February 2018, deposit accepting non-banking finance
companies were also required to comply with the provisions under the Ombudsman Scheme for handling customer complaints. In April
2019, the requirement was extended to non-deposit accepting non-banking finance companies having customer interface and asset size
of Rs. 1.0 billion and above.

In fiscal 2019,
challenges emerged for non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies following a default by a large non-banking
financial company involved primarily in the infrastructure sector. This resulted in tightening liquidity conditions and increase
in yields on the debt of non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies, leading to funding and growth challenges.
As access to bond markets for these companies was constrained, bank lending to these companies increased, reflecting in the growth
in bank credit to the sector. With a view to facilitate flow of credit and banking system support to the non-banking financial
companies, the Reserve Bank of India announced several measures. This includes allowing rated exposures of banks to non-deposit
taking systemically important non-banking financial companies to be risk-weighted as per the rating assigned by accredited rating
agencies, similar to that for corporate borrowers, from the earlier requirement of a uniform risk weight of 100%; providing additional
liquidity to public sector banks to the extent of their excess government securities holdings in order to enable purchase of high-rated
pooled assets of financially sound non-banking financial companies; and frontloading the increase in the Facility to Avail Liquidity
for Liquidity Coverage Ratio scheduled in August 2019 and December 2019 of an aggregate 1.0% of net demand and time liabilities
to the extent of incremental outstanding credit to non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies over and above
the outstanding as on June 5, 2019. The Government of India in its budget for fiscal 2019 has announced a partial credit guarantee
for a limited period for purchases of loan portfolios by public sector banks from non-banking financial companies.

239

In July 2015,
the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines relating to acquisition or transfer of control of non-banking finance companies. According
to the guidelines, any change in the management of a non-banking finance company either by way of a takeover or acquisition of
control, change in shareholding or change in the management with at least 30% newly appointed directors, cannot be initiated without
the prior permission of the Reserve Bank of India. A public notice of at least 30 days would also have to be given before the occurrence
of these events.

Non-banking
finance companies raise money by issuing capital or debt securities including debentures, by way of public issue or private placement.
Non-deposit-taking non-banking financial companies can issue perpetual debt instruments which are eligible for inclusion as Tier
1 capital to the extent of 15.0% of total Tier 1 capital at March 31 of the previous accounting year. Further, with regard to private
placement of debentures by non-banking finance companies, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines in June 2013, which states
that issue of debentures should necessarily be for deployment of funds on its own balance sheet, and not for facilitating resources
for group companies. The guidelines also prescribe a minimum time gap of six months between two private placements, a limit on
the number of investors to 49, and restrict non-banking finance companies from extending loans against the security of its own
debentures.

In the past,
the Reserve Bank of India has issued banking licenses to non-banking finance companies. In 2003, Kotak Mahindra Finance Limited
was granted a banking license by the Reserve Bank of India and converted itself into Kotak Mahindra Bank. In April 2014, the Reserve
Bank of India issued in-principle banking licenses to two non-banking finance companies, IDFC Limited (renamed as IDFC First Bank
Limited in fiscal 2019) and Bandhan Financial Services Private Limited. Both began operations during fiscal 2016. In September
2015, the Reserve Bank of India granted in-principle licenses to 10 applicants for small finance banks, most of which are microfinance
non-banking finance companies. The 10 small finance banks have begun operations. In July 2016, IDFC Bank acquired a microfinance
company, making it the first acquisition of a microfinance company by a bank. In fiscal 2018, IndusInd Bank acquired Bharat Financial
Inclusion Limited, a microfinance company.

Housing
Finance Companies

Housing finance
companies form a distinct sub-group of the non-banking finance companies. As a result of the various incentives given by the Government
of India for investing in the housing sector, the scope of this business has grown substantially. Housing Development Finance Corporation
Limited is a leading provider of housing finance in India. In recent years, several other players, including banks, have entered
the housing finance industry. We also have a housing finance subsidiary, ICICI Home Finance Company. The National Housing Bank
and the Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited are the two major financial institutions instituted through acts of Parliament
to improve the availability of housing finance in India. The National Housing Bank Act, 1987 provides for securitization of housing
loans, foreclosure of mortgages and setting up of the Mortgage Credit Guarantee Scheme. The Government of India in its union budget
for fiscal 2019 has announced that the Reserve Bank of India would be responsible for regulation of housing finance companies (presently
regulated by the National Housing Bank). In June 2019, the National Housing Bank announced measures to strengthen the capital and
leverage position of housing finance companies. The measures included an increase in the minimum tier 1 capital adequacy ratio
requirement from 6.0% to 10.0%, increase in the minimum total capital adequacy ratio from 12.0% at March 31, 2019 to 15.0% by March
31, 2022 in a phased manner and reduction in the maximum leverage from 16 times to 12 times by March 2022 in a phased manner. The
ceiling on deposits that can be mobilised has been reduced from five times to three times of net-owned funds.

Microfinance
Institutions

In fiscal 2012,
the Reserve Bank of India introduced a new category of non-banking financial company called microfinance institutions. Microfinance
institutions should have a minimum net worth of Rs. 50 million and maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 15.0% of risk weighted
assets. There are specific regulations with regard to pricing of credit by microfinance institutions. The margin above the cost
of funds that can be charged on a loan is capped at 10.0% for microfinance institutions having a loan portfolio exceeding Rs. 1.0
billion and 12.0% for others.

240

The interest
rate on individual loans is capped at the lower of the following two: 1) cost of funds plus margin, and 2) the average base rate
of the five largest commercial banks by assets (as informed by the Reserve Bank of India on a quarterly basis) multiplied by 2.75.
Further, the average interest on loans during a year cannot exceed the cost of borrowing during the financial year plus the prescribed
margin. This was later revised in February 2017 to a quarterly basis by the Reserve Bank of India, as per which the average interest
rate on loans sanctioned during a quarter cannot exceed the average cost of borrowing during the preceding quarter plus the prescribed
margin.

Other Financial Institutions

Specialized
Financial Institutions

In addition
to the long-term lending institutions, there are various specialized financial institutions which cater to the specific needs of
different sectors. These include the National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development, Export Import Bank of India, Small Industries
Development Bank of India, Tourism Finance Corporation of India Limited, National Housing Bank and India Infrastructure Finance
Company. Further, India’s first quasi-sovereign wealth fund, the National Investment and Infrastructure Fund, was set up
to support investments in infrastructure, technology and asset reconstruction.

State Level Financial
Institutions

State financial
corporations operate at the state level and form an integral part of the institutional financing system. State financial corporations
were set up to finance and promote small and medium sized enterprises. The state financial institutions are expected to achieve
balanced regional socioeconomic growth by generating employment opportunities and widening the ownership base of industry. At the
state level, there are also state industrial development corporations, which provide finance primarily to medium-sized and large
enterprises.

Insurance Companies

At March 31,
2019, there were 53 insurance companies in India, of which 24 were life insurance companies and 29 were general insurance companies.
Of the 24 life insurance companies, 23 were in the private sector and one in the public sector. Among the general insurance companies,
28 were in the private sector and six (including the Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India Limited and the Agriculture Insurance
Company of India Limited) were in the public sector. General Insurance Corporation of India, a reinsurance company, is in the public
sector. Life Insurance Corporation of India, General Insurance Corporation of India and public sector general insurance companies
also provide long-term financial assistance to the industrial and infrastructure sectors. In the Union Budget for fiscal 2019,
the Government of India proposed the merger of three large public sector general insurance companies into a single entity which
will subsequently be publicly listed. In the Union Budget for fiscal 2020, legislative amendments were announced to enable the
merger.

The insurance
sector in India is regulated by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India. In December 1999, the Indian Parliament
passed the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 1999, which also amended the Insurance Act, 1938. This opened up
the Indian insurance sector for foreign and private investors. The Insurance Act, 1938 currently allows foreign equity participation
in new insurance companies of up to 49.0%. A new company should have minimum paid-up equity capital of Rs. 1.0 billion to carry
on the business of life insurance or general insurance and of Rs. 2.0 billion to carry on exclusively the business of reinsurance.

In fiscal 2001,
the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines governing the entry of banks and financial institutions into the insurance business.
The guidelines permit banks and financial institutions to enter the business of insurance underwriting through joint ventures provided
they meet stipulated criteria relating to their net worth, capital adequacy ratio, profitability track record, level of nonperforming
loans and the performance of their existing subsidiary companies. According to the guidelines, the promoters of insurance companies
had to divest in a phased manner their shareholding in excess of 26.0% after a period of 10 years from the date of commencement
of business or within such period as may be prescribed by the Government of India. However, the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act,
2015 passed by both houses of the Parliament and enacted in March 2015 removed the requirement that requires

241

the promoters to dilute their stake
to 26.0%. The Insurance Act, 1938, as amended, also increased the foreign equity participation limit in insurance companies from
26.0% to 49.0%.

Until January
1, 2007, almost 70.0% of the general insurance market was subject to price controls under a tariff regime. With the commencement
of a tariff-free regime effective January 1, 2007, the resultant competitive pricing led to a significant decrease in premium rates
across the industry leading to moderate premium growth during fiscal 2009 and fiscal 2010. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations
Governing Insurance Companies
”. Our subsidiary in the general insurance sector was set up as a joint venture with Fairfax
Financial Holdings (through its affiliate). The joint venture was terminated on July 3, 2017 following the decision by us and our
joint venture partner to sell a part of our shareholding in our general insurance subsidiary through an initial public offering.
The Bank continues to hold more than 50.0% shareholding in the general insurance subsidiary post the initial public offer. See
also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services
”. Our general insurance subsidiary, ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company, is the largest private sector company in the general insurance sector in India in terms of gross written
premium.

During fiscal
2019, the new business weighted individual premium underwritten by the life insurance sector increased by 9.0% year-on-year from
Rs. 634.7 billion during fiscal 2018 to Rs. 691.8 billion in fiscal 2019. The share of the private sector increased from 56.2%
in fiscal 2018 to 58.0% in fiscal 2019. The gross premium underwritten in the general insurance sector (excluding specialized insurance
institutions) amounted to Rs. 1,615.4 billion during fiscal 2019 as against Rs. 1,415.3 billion during fiscal 2018, recording a
year-on-year growth of 14.1% (excluding Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India Limited and Agriculture Insurance Company
of India Limited). The share of the private sector was 57.5% during fiscal 2019. We have a joint
venture in the life insurance sector and our life insurance subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, is one
of the large private sector companies in the life insurance sector in India in terms of new business retail weighted received premium.

The financial
inclusion initiatives of the Government of India include providing insurance cover for people belonging to low-income or below
poverty segments and are enrolled through the Government of India’s financial inclusion program. A life insurance cover and
accident insurance cover of up to Rs. 200,000 each are provided to the beneficiaries at very low premiums. The Government of India
has also launched separate schemes for providing pension and insurance products to the larger population. In the Union Budget for
fiscal 2019, the Government of India announced a flagship National Health Protection Scheme which will cover over 100 million families
from underprivileged segments. The Scheme will provide health cover of up to Rs. 500,000 per family per year for secondary and
tertiary care hospitalization.

See also
“Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there
can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or level of profitability
” and “
Business—Overview
of Our Products and Services”
.

Mutual Funds

There were 44 mutual
funds in India with assets under management at March 31, 2019 of Rs. 23,795.8 billion. Average assets under management of all
mutual funds increased by 6.2% to Rs. 24,484.4 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2019 from Rs. 23,052.2 billion
during the three months ended March 31, 2018. From year 1963 to 1987, Unit Trust of India was the only mutual fund operating
in the country. It was set up in 1963 at the initiative of the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India. From 1987
onwards, several other public sector mutual funds entered this sector. These mutual funds were established by public sector
banks, the Life Insurance Corporation of India and General Insurance Corporation of India. The mutual funds industry was
opened up to the private sector in 1993. The industry is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual
Fund) Regulation, 1996. Our asset management joint venture, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company, was the second largest
mutual fund in India in terms of average assets under management for the three months ended March 31, 2019, with an overall
market share of about 13.1%.

To enhance
marketability and access to mutual fund schemes, the Securities and Exchange Board of India in November 2009 permitted the use
of stock exchange terminals to facilitate transactions in mutual fund schemes. As a

242

result, mutual funds units can now
be traded on recognized stock exchanges. While this facility was available to stock brokers and clearing members initially, it
was widened to include mutual fund distributors in October 2013. In June 2009, the Securities and Exchange Board of India removed
the entry load and upfront charges deducted by mutual funds, for all mutual fund schemes and required that the up-front commission
to distributors should be paid by the investor to the distributor directly. In October 2018, as per revised measures announced,
it required all scheme related expenses, including commissions, to be paid from the scheme only and not from the books of the asset
management company. It also removed the upfront commission of 1.0% allowed earlier, and required fund houses to pay commission
through a full trail fee model in all schemes. Front-loading of commission is only permitted in case of systematic investment plans.
Based on the size of assets under management of the scheme, expenses have been reduced.

In February
2010, the Securities and Exchange Board of India introduced guidelines for the valuation of money market and debt securities, with
a view to ensuring that the value of money market and debt securities in the portfolio of mutual fund schemes reflects the current
market scenario. The valuation guidelines were effective from August 1, 2010. Further, the Union Budget for fiscal 2014 allowed
mutual fund distributors to become members on the mutual fund segment of stock exchanges to enable them to leverage the stock exchange
network to improve the reach and distribution of mutual fund products. In the Union Budget for fiscal 2019, the Government of India
introduced a tax of 10.0% on the distributed income by equity oriented mutual funds. In the Union Budget for fiscal 2020, the Government
of India proposed tax benefits for exchange traded funds investing in Central Public Sector Enterprises.

In fiscal 2019,
the challenges faced by the non-banking financial companies brought into focus the mutual fund industry’s significant exposure
to the sector and issues of credit concentration in the portfolio of mutual funds. Further, a few close-ended debt mutual fund
schemes had to delay or reduce scheduled redemptions during fiscal 2019. In June 2019, the Securities and Exchange Board of India
issued regulations for mutual funds including tighter investment rules for debt mutual funds and enhanced disclosures relating
to promoters’ share pledges. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Governing Mutual Funds
”.

Pension Sector

Currently,
the pension schemes operating in India can be broadly classified in the following categories: pension schemes for the Government
of India’s employees, the employees’ provident fund and employees’ pension schemes for employees in the organized
sector, voluntary pension schemes and the new pension scheme. In case of pension schemes for the Government of India’s employees,
the Government of India pays its employees a defined periodic benefit upon their retirement. Further, the contribution towards
the pension scheme is funded solely by the Government of India and not matched by a contribution from the employees. The Employees
Provident Fund, established in 1952, is a mandatory program for employees of certain establishments. It is a contributory program
that provides for periodic contributions of 10% to 12% of the basic salary by both the employer and the employees. The contribution
is invested in prescribed securities and the accumulated balance in the fund (including the accretion thereto) is paid to the employee
as a lump sum on retirement. Besides these, there are voluntary pension schemes administered by the Government of India (the Public
Provident Fund to which contribution may be made up to a maximum of Rs. 150,000 per year) or offered by insurance companies, where
the contribution may be made on a voluntary basis. Such voluntary contributions are often driven by tax benefits offered under
the scheme. The new pension scheme (NPS) was launched in January 2004 and offers a defined contribution based pension scheme with
the individual having the option to decide where to invest the funds. The subscribers to the new pension scheme also have the option
to partially withdraw funds from their accounts for higher education or setting up a business. The new pension scheme is operated
by the pension regulator, the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority. In the Union Budget for fiscal 2020, announced
in July 2019, the government has proposed to separate the new pension scheme trust from the pension regulator to address issues
of conflict of interest.

The Government
of India initially made it mandatory for its new employees (excluding defense personnel) to join the new pension scheme where both
the Government of India and the employee would make monthly contributions of 10% of the employee’s basic salary. In 2009,
the Government of India extended the New Pension System to all citizens of India on a voluntary basis, effective from May 1, 2009.
With a view to encourage people to invest towards old age security, the Government of India launched a pension scheme in fiscal
2016, called the Atal

243

Pension Yojana. The scheme focuses
on individuals in the unorganized sector to join the National Pension System. In the interim budget for fiscal 2020, the government
of India announced a mega pension scheme for unorganised sector workers whose monthly income does not exceed Rs. 15,000. The scheme
known as the Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Maan-dhan is in force since February 2019 and would involve equal contribution of the government
and the subscriber to the pension corpus.

The Government
of India set up the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority to regulate the pension industry in August 2003. In October
2013, the Pension Fund Development and Regulatory Authority Act, 2011 was enacted giving powers to the Pension Fund Development
and Regulatory Authority to regulate pension schemes and funds and frame investment guidelines for pension funds. Foreign direct
investments in the pension sector are allowed up to 49%. Private sector participation in managing pension assets was permitted
for the first time in fiscal 2009, and six private sector companies have been issued licenses, including us. The minimum net worth
requirement for asset management companies is Rs. 500 million. See also
“Business—Overview”
.

Legislative Framework
for Recovery of Debts due to Banks

In fiscal 2003,
the Indian Parliament passed the SARFAESI Act. The SARFAESI Act provides that a secured creditor may, in respect of loans classified
as non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, give notice in writing to the borrower requiring it
to discharge its liabilities within 60 days, failing which the secured creditor may take possession of the assets constituting
the security for the loan, and exercise management rights in relation thereto, including the right to sell or otherwise dispose
of the assets. The SARFAESI Act also provides for the setting up of asset reconstruction companies regulated by the Reserve Bank
of India to acquire assets from banks and financial institutions. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines for asset reconstruction
companies in respect of their establishment, registration and licensing by the Reserve Bank of India, and operations. Asset Reconstruction
Company (India) Limited, set up by us, Industrial Development Bank of India, State Bank of India and certain other banks and institutions,
received registration from the Reserve Bank of India and commenced operation in August 2003. Foreign direct investment of up to
100% through the automatic route is now permitted in the equity capital of asset reconstruction companies and investment by Foreign
Institutional Investors registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India is permitted in security receipts issued by
asset reconstruction companies, subject to certain conditions and restrictions. Since April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India has
prescribed a minimum net worth of Rs. 1.0 billion on an ongoing basis for asset reconstruction companies.

In November
2004, the Government of India issued an ordinance amending the SARFAESI Act and subsequently passed this ordinance as an Act. This
Act, as amended, provided that a borrower may make an objection or representation to a secured creditor after a notice is issued
by the secured creditor to the borrower under such Act demanding payment of dues. The secured creditor has to give reasons to the
borrower for not accepting the objection or representation. Further, this Act permits a lender to take over the business of a borrower
under the SARFAESI Act under certain circumstances (unlike the earlier provisions under which only assets could be taken over).

In fiscal 2017,
amendments were made to the SARFAESI Act and the debt recovery acts to further strengthen the recovery process. The Enforcement
of Security Interest and Recovery of Debts Law Amendment Act, 2016, was enacted in this regard. As per the Act, it requires the
process of possession of collateral by banks, in the event of a default, to be completed by the district magistrate within 30 days.
It also empowers the district magistrate to assist banks in taking over the management of the company, where the bank has converted
the debt into equity and holds 51.0% or more in the company. A central registry has been created to maintain records of transactions
related to secured assets, known as the Central Registry of Securitisation Asset Reconstruction and Security Interest. See also
“
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Sale of Assets to Asset Reconstruction Companies
”.
However, considering the procedures involved in legal litigations and with borrowers having the option to appeal the decision of
the debt recovery tribunal, the process of recovery of loans is delayed.

Resolution
of Stressed Assets

The Reserve
Bank of India has periodically announced mechanisms for the resolution of stressed accounts, particularly with a view to address
the stress faced by the Indian corporate sector and the increase in non-performing

244

and restructured corporate loans
in the Indian banking sector. This included the Corporate Debt Restructuring (CDR) system and the Joint Lenders’ Forum under
which schemes like Strategic Debt Restructuring and the Scheme for Sustainable Structuring of Stressed Assets were announced.
Subsequently the Indian Parliament passed the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code in May 2016 providing a legal and time bound resolution
framework for corporations under stress. Further, the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 was amended empowering the Reserve Bank of
India to participate in the resolution of stressed assets and authorizing it to intervene where required. Following this amendment,
the Reserve Bank of India instructed banks to initiate insolvency proceedings with respect to certain stressed corporate accounts
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. During fiscal 2018, banks referred several large stressed accounts for resolution under
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code and a few large accounts were resolved during fiscal 2019. In view of a strong institutional
mechanism for resolution being established with the operation of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, the Reserve Bank of India
withdrew the earlier announced mechanisms for resolution of stressed accounts, including the Corporate Debt Restructuring system
and the Joint Lenders’ Forum, through a notification issued in February 2018, under the Revised Framework for Resolution
of Stressed Assets. The guideline was subsequently amended and in June 2019, the Reserve Bank of India issued a revised prudential
framework for resolution of stressed assets by banks. The revised guideline allows banks to decide on referring an account for
resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code compared to the earlier requirement of referring in the event the resolution
plan is not implemented within the stipulated timeline. However, it proposes higher provisioning in case the resolution plan is
not implemented within stipulated timelines. The additional provisions are not required to be made if insolvency proceedings are
initiated within 210 days of default. See also
“Supervision and Regulation-Loan Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets”.

Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016

The Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, was passed in May 2016 and provides a time bound revival and rehabilitation mechanism. The insolvency
resolution process can be initiated at the occurrence of a single instance of default of over Rs. 100,000 by the creditors. It
classifies the creditors into financial creditors and operational creditors, which include creditors that provide financial loans
and loans arising from the operational nature of the debtor, respectively. Other key features include the provision of a 180-day
timeline which may be extended by 90 days when dealing with insolvency resolution applications. Subsequently, the insolvency resolution
plan prepared by the insolvency professionals has to be approved by 75.0% of financial creditors, which requires approval by the
adjudicating authority and, if rejected, the adjudicating authority will pass an order for liquidation. The National Company Law
Tribunal has been set up as the adjudicating authority, the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal has been set up to hear appeals
on the orders of the adjudicating authority with jurisdiction over companies and limited liability entities, and the Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Board of India has been set up as the new insolvency regulator overseeing insolvency professionals, information
utilities and promote transparency. On November 23, 2017, an ordinance amending the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code was promulgated,
to prevent willful defaulters and entities from bidding for the assets of a company under a resolution plan. The newly included
Section 29A of the ordinance makes certain persons, including willful defaulters and those who have their accounts classified as
non-performing assets for one year or more, ineligible to be a resolution applicant under a resolution plan. However, a further
amendment to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code was promulgated through an ordinance in June 2018, permitting promoters of micro,
small and medium-sized enterprises to bid for their assets undergoing the resolution process. It also provides home buyers the
status of financial creditors and gives them the power to refer real estate developers for resolution under the Insolvency and
Bankruptcy Code.

The Banking
Regulation (Amendment) Ordinance, 2017

In May 2017,
the Government of India issued an ordinance amending the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 which empowers the Reserve Bank of India
to participate in the resolution of stressed assets. The Banking Regulation (Amendment) Ordinance, 2017 was promulgated on May
4, 2017. The Ordinance amended section 35A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and inserted two new sections 35AA and 35AB. Through
this amendment, the Reserve Bank of India is authorized to intervene and instruct banks to resolve specific stressed assets and
initiate insolvency resolution process where required. The Reserve Bank of India is also empowered to issue other directions for
resolution, and appoint or approve for appointment, authorities or committees to advise banking companies for resolution of stressed
assets.

245

The Reserve
Bank of India constituted an Internal Advisory Committee comprising its independent board members to advise on stressed accounts.
On the recommendations of the Committee, in June 2017 the Reserve Bank of India issued directions to banks to file for resolution
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code with the National Company Law Tribunal in respect of 12 large stressed accounts. With
respect to other identified stressed accounts, the banks are required to finalize a resolution plan within six months. In cases
where a viable resolution plan is not agreed upon within six months, banks shall be required to file for insolvency proceedings
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. Further, in August 2017, the Reserve Bank of India identified an additional list of stressed
accounts and directed banks to initiate insolvency resolution process under the provisions of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code
by December 31, 2017 if a resolution plan where the residual debt is rated investment grade by two external credit rating agencies
is not implemented by December 13, 2017.

Prudential
Framework for Resolution of Stressed Assets by Banks

In February
2018, the Reserve Bank of India had announced a revised framework for resolution of stressed assets aimed at time-bound resolution
of non-performing and stressed borrowers, withdrawal of earlier resolution schemes like the Strategic Debt Restructuring and the
Scheme for Sustainable Structuring of Stressed Assets, and commencement of proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code
in respect of borrowers where a resolution satisfying specified criteria could not be achieved within a prescribed timeframe. However,
in April 2019, the Supreme Court declared the Reserve Bank of India circular on revised framework for resolution of stressed assets
as unconstitutional. Following this judgement, the Reserve Bank of India issued a revised framework for resolution of stressed
assets. As per the Prudential Framework for Resolution of Stressed Assets by Banks, released by the Reserve Bank of India in June
2019, the process of implementing a resolution plan can be initiated by lenders as soon as a borrower is reported to be in default
by any of the lenders. Banks have to undertake a review of the borrower within 30 days of a default in the borrower account. Banks
have to enter into an inter-creditor agreement during the 30-day review period to decide rules for finalization and implementation
of the resolution plan. Resolution plans involving restructuring or change in ownership for accounts where the aggregate banking
system exposure is above Rs. 1.0 billion shall require independent credit evaluation of the residual debt by credit rating agencies
authorized by the Reserve Bank of India. The guideline allows banks to decide on referring an account for resolution under the
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code compared to the earlier requirement of referring in the event the resolution plan is not implemented
within the stipulated timeline. However, it proposes an additional provision of 20.0% if the resolution plan is not implemented
within 180 days from the end of the 30 days review period, and a further 15.0% provision if the resolution plan is not implemented
within 365 days from the commencement of the review period. The additional provisions are not required to be made if insolvency
proceedings are initiated within 210 days of default. In July 2019, the Government of India has proposed to amend the Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code. The proposed amendments include enforcing a 330 day time limit for completion of the resolution process, including
litigation and other judicial processes; empower the Committee of Creditors, which comprises of all financial creditors, to decide
on the manner of distribution of resolution proceeds and make a provision for financial creditors who have not voted in favour
of the resolution plan and operational creditors to receive a share of the resolution proceeds as per the hierarchy specified by
the Code.

Other measures
proposed for resolution of stressed assets

In June 2018,
the Ministry of Finance had set up a committee comprising the heads of public sector banks to examine measures for faster resolution
of stressed assets. This was called project Sashakt. In July 2018, the committee submitted its report and recommended a five-prong
approach to the resolution of assets under stress depending on the size of the exposure of the banking system. For exposures of
below Rs. 500 million which are typically to the small and medium-sized enterprises, the committee has proposed that banks should
individually create a separate vertical for management of stress in these cases, should have an SME steering committee that will
validate the schemes, complete the resolution in a time-bound manner within 90 days and have clear escalation metrics for breach
in timelines.

For resolution
of exposures between Rs. 500-5,000 million where multiple banks would have lent, banks would enter into an inter-creditor agreement
to authorize the lead bank to implement a resolution within 180 days. The lead bank would prepare the resolution plan, empanel
experts for turnaround in the asset and would be responsible for

246

executing the plan. The resolution
plan would have to be approved by lenders holding at least 66.0% of the debt. In case the resolution plan is not implemented within
the required timelines, the assets would be referred under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.

For exposures
above Rs. 5,000 million, the committee has proposed a resolution mechanism through the involvement of asset reconstruction companies,
asset management companies and alternate investment funds. As per the process, the asset management company/alternate investment
fund would enter into an agreement with an asset reconstruction company that will then participate in the open auction of stressed
assets. This ensures the banks would receive the market price for the assets. On acquiring the asset, the asset reconstruction
company would then restructure and transfer the same to the asset management company/alternate investment fund which will then
work on turning around the asset. The payment received by the asset reconstruction company following the transfer of assets would
be utilized to pay the banks. The security receipts issued by the asset reconstruction companies to banks at the time of taking
over the asset will have to be redeemed within 60 days.

Apart from
the above, banks can continue to refer cases to the National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. The
committee has also proposed creating an asset trading platform for both performing and non-performing assets.

In other efforts
being made for the resolution of stressed assets, specific schemes for resolving stress in power sector assets have been proposed.
According to a scheme proposed for power projects that are substantially completed and have a power purchase agreement, banks would
convert their loans into equity and will auction 51.0% of that to a new investor/asset management company/ alternate investment
fund. In another proposal for power projects that do not have power purchase agreements, the assets would be taken over by an asset
management and rehabilitation company that would be set up for the purpose through participation from public sector enterprises,
National Investment and Infrastructure Fund and financial investors. The company would manage the operations and eventual sale
of the assets.

Structural Reforms

Amendments
to the Banking Regulation Act

In
December 2012, the Indian Parliament amended the laws governing the banking sector. The amendment to the Banking Regulation Act
was enacted in January 2013. The main amendments were as follows:

•	    permit all private
banking companies to issue preference shares that will not carry any voting rights;

•	    make prior approval
by the Reserve Bank of India mandatory for the acquisition of more than 5.0% of a banking company’s paid-up capital or voting
rights by any individual or firm or group, and empower the Reserve Bank of India to impose conditions while granting approval for
such acquisition;

•	    empower the Reserve
Bank of India, after consultations with the Indian central government, to supersede the board of a private sector bank for a total
period not exceeding 12 months, during which time the Reserve Bank of India will have the power to appoint an administrator to
manage the bank;

•	    give the Reserve Bank
of India the right to inspect affiliates of enterprises or banking entities (affiliates include subsidiaries, holding companies
or any joint ventures of banks); and

•	    ease the restrictions
on voting rights by making them proportionate to the shareholding up to a cap of 26% in the case of private sector banks from the
earlier 10%, and 10% in the case of public sector banks from the earlier 1%. In March 2015, the Reserve Bank of India, in exercise
of powers conferred by the Banking Regulation Act, has notified a ceiling on voting rights of 15.0% for a single shareholder.

247

Discussion
Paper on Banking Structure

In August 2013,
the Reserve Bank of India released a discussion paper “Banking Structure in India—the way forward”. The paper
envisages a re-orientation of the banking structure with a view to addressing specific issues like enhancing competition, financing
higher growth, providing specialized services and further increasing financial inclusion. The discussion paper proposes a differentiated
licensing policy for different types of banks for niche business areas. It advocates a continuous licensing policy for entry of
new banks compared to the current system of intermittently issuing licenses. To promote financial inclusion, the paper proposes
setting up small banks with geographical limitations for catering to the rural and unorganized segments.

Differentiated
licenses

In
November 2014, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on licensing of small banks and payments banks as differentiated banks,
with the purpose of promoting financial inclusion. These banks would have a minimum capital requirement of Rs. 1.0 billion, and
would be limited in their product offering and geographical area of operation. According to the guidelines, payments banks are
permitted to accept only demand deposits not exceeding Rs. 100,000 per individual customer, required to invest 75.0% of deposits
in government securities of up to one-year maturity and are allowed to sell credit products of other banks as business correspondents.
Small finance banks can provide all basic banking products with at least 50.0% of their portfolio constituting loans up to Rs.
2.5 million and must meet a priority sector lending requirement of 75.0% of adjusted net bank credit. Forty-one applications for
payments bank licenses and 72 applications for small finance bank licenses were submitted. In September 2015, the Reserve Bank
of India granted in-principle licenses to 10 small finance banks and 11 payments banks. Ten small finance banks and seven payments
banks have begun operations and three payments banks have surrendered, or announced their intention to surrender, their licenses.

Recently, a payment bank that had begun operations voluntarily decided to wind up its operations.
ICICI
Bank is a shareholder in FINO PayTech Limited, which has received a payments bank license and began operations on June 30, 2017.
Further, in April 2017, a discussion paper on wholesale and long-term finance banks as differentiated banks was released by the
Reserve Bank of India. These banks will focus on lending to infrastructure and core industries which require long-term funding.
As per the discussion paper, these banks will have a minimum paid-up equity capital of Rs. 10.0 billion and will be allowed to
raise funds through current deposits and term deposits and through issuance of bonds. Based on the priority sector lending performance
of small finance banks, the Reserve Bank of India has decided to issue draft guidelines for on-tap licensing of small finance banks
to convert into universal banks.

On-tap
Licensing of Universal Banks

In August 2016,
the Reserve Bank of India released guidelines for continuous licensing of universal banks in the private sector. According to the
guidelines, the minimum net worth for these banks will be Rs. 5.0 billion and the promoters will be required to hold a minimum
of 40.0% of the paid-up capital, which will be locked-in for five years and brought down to 15.0% over a period of 12 years. Eligible
promoters include non-banking finance companies, individuals with 10 years of experience in banking and finance, and entities/groups
in the private sector that have total assets of at least Rs. 50.0 billion with non-financial business accounting for less than
40% of total assets. Foreign shareholding of up to 74.0% is allowed. Promoting entities that have other group entities shall set
up the bank only through the non-operative financial holding company structure. Specialized banking activities can be conducted
through a separate entity held under the holding company.

Further, considering
there are significant differences in the corporate structure permissible to banks for setting up financial services entities, depending
upon the timing of their licensing, the Reserve Bank of India in its annual report for fiscal 2018 has indicated that it would
harmonise these differences under a common set of guidelines.

Report
on Governance of Boards of Banks in India

In May 2014,
the Committee to Review the Governance of Boards of Banks in India submitted its report. The committee recommended a new governance
structure for public sector banks and a reduction in the Government of India’s stake in banks to less than 50.0%. It proposed
bringing public sector banks under the purview of the Companies Act and repealing other statutes that govern public sector banks.
It also envisaged creation of a Bank

248

Investment Company which would be
the de facto holding company of equity stake in banks on behalf of the Government of India with the powers to govern the public
sector banks. A phased transition towards empowering the boards of public sector banks was also proposed which eventually should
lead to the Government of India only acting as an investor rather than exercising ownership functions. With regard to governance
in private sector banks, the committee recommended allowing certain types of investors to take larger stakes and permit creation
of Authorized Bank Investors comprising of funds that would be permitted to hold a 20.0% equity stake without regulatory approval
or 15.0% if the Bank has a seat on the bank’s board. Further, other financial investors should be permitted to hold an equity
stake of up to 10.0% from the current limit of 5.0% stake.

Some recommendations
of the committee have already been implemented. In fiscal 2015, the Government of India decided to separate the functions of non-executive
chairman and managing director in public sector banks. Further, the Bank Board Bureau has been constituted which is responsible
for deciding appointments of senior officials in public sector banks. This replaces the earlier structure where the appointments
were decided by a committee led by the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank Board Bureau comprises of seven members,
and apart from appointment of senior officials, it will also guide public sector banks on strategies for raising capital, dealing
with issues of stressed assets, and mergers and consolidation.

Insurance
Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015

The Insurance
Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015, was passed by the Indian Parliament and notified in March 2015. The Act, among other things, raised
the foreign investment limit in the insurance sector from 26.0% to a composite limit of 49.0%, and, eliminated the requirement
that promoters of an insurance company reduce their stake to 26.0% after ten years.

Credit Policy Measures

The Reserve
Bank of India issues an annual policy statement setting out its monetary policy stance and announcing various regulatory measures
in April of every financial year. Subsequent monetary policy statements are issued on a bimonthly basis during the year. During
fiscal 2017, a committee-based approach was adopted for monetary policy decisions compared to the prior approach to decision-making
strictly by the Reserve Bank of India. In June 2016, the Government of India notified amendments to the Reserve Bank of India Act,
1934, approved by the Indian parliament, for constituting a six-member Monetary Policy Committee comprising members from the Reserve
Bank of India and the Government of India. The Committee is responsible for inflation targets and monetary policy decisions. The
first meeting of the Monetary Policy Committee was held in October 2016.

Credit
Policy During Fiscal 2017

During fiscal
2017, the repo rate was reduced by 50 basis points, with a 25-basis point reduction from 6.75% to 6.50% in April 2016 and another
25-basis point reduction to 6.25% in October 2016. Further, in April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India also narrowed the policy rate
corridor for determining the marginal standing facility and the reverse repo rate from 100 basis points to 50 basis points. Accordingly,
the reverse repo rate was adjusted to 5.75% and the marginal standing facility rate was revised to 6.75% in October 2016. In subsequent
monetary policy announcements, the repo rate was kept unchanged. The Reserve Bank of India also revised the liquidity framework
indicating progressive lowering of the average liquidity deficit in the system towards neutrality.

In November
2016, the Government of India decided to withdraw legal tender status for high denomination currency notes and to be replaced with
new currency notes. This led to a surge in deposits in the Indian banking system leading to a significant increase in liquidity.
In line with the objective of maintaining liquidity at near neutrality, the Reserve Bank of India announced an incremental cash
reserve ratio of 100.0% of the increase in net demand and time liabilities between September 16, 2016 and November 11, 2016 effective
the fortnight beginning November 26, 2016. Later, to facilitate liquidity management operations by the Reserve Bank of India, the
Government of India revised the ceiling for issue of securities under the Market Stabilisation Scheme to Rs. 6.0 trillion on December
2, 2016. Subsequently, on December 7, 2016, the Reserve Bank of India withdrew the incremental cash reserve ratio requirement effective
the fortnight beginning December 10, 2016. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the Reserve Bank of India adopted reverse
repo transactions and issued securities

249

under the Market Stabilisation Scheme
to absorb the surplus liquidity in the system. In the resolution of the Monetary Policy Committee announced in April 2017, the
policy rate corridor was narrowed further from 50 basis points to 25 basis points. Accordingly, the reverse repo rate was revised
from 5.75% to 6.0% and the marginal standing facility rate from 6.75% to 6.50%. The Reserve Bank of India has also proposed the
introduction of a Standing Deposit Facility that will eliminate the requirement of collateral for absorbing liquidity.

Other policy
announcements during fiscal 2017 included a reduction in the minimum daily maintenance of cash reserve ratio from 95.0% of net
demand and time liabilities to 90.0%. In the resolution of the Monetary Policy Committee in February 2017, the policy stance was
changed from accommodative to neutral, while the policy rate was kept on hold.

Credit
Policy During Fiscal 2018

During fiscal
2018, the repo rate was lowered once by 25 basis points from 6.25% to 6.0% in August 2017. Accordingly, the reverse repo rate was
adjusted to 5.75% and the marginal standing facility rate was revised to 6.25%. The repo rate was kept unchanged in all subsequent
reviews. Other policy announcements during fiscal 2018 included a reduction in the statutory liquidity ratio by 100 basis points
with a 50 basis points reduction from 20.5% of net demand and time liabilities to 20.0% effective from the fortnight of June 24,
2017 and a further 50 basis points reduction to 19.5% of net demand and time liabilities from the fortnight starting October 14,
2017. The Reserve Bank of India also reduced the ceiling on statutory liquidity ratio holdings under the held-to-maturity category
from 20.5% to 20.0% by December 2017 and further to 19.5% by March 31, 2018.

Credit
Policy During Fiscal 2019

During fiscal
2019, the Reserve Bank of India increased the repo rate by 25 basis points each in June 2018 and August 2018, from 6.0% to 6.5%.
Accordingly, the reverse repo rate was adjusted to 6.25% and the marginal standing facility rate was revised to 6.75% by August
2018. Subsequently the repo rate was reduced by 25 basis points in February 2019 to 6.25% and by another 25 basis points to 6.0%
in April 2019. Accordingly, the reverse repo rate was adjusted to 5.75% and marginal standing facility rate was revised to 6.25%
in April 2019. The policy stance was changed from “neutral” to “calibrated tightening” in October 2018
and again changed to “neutral” in February 2019. Other policy announcements during fiscal 2019 include a reduction
of the statutory liquidity ratio by 25 basis points every quarter until it reaches 18.0% of net demand and time liabilities. The
first reduction of 25 basis points from 19.50% to 19.25% was effective from January 1, 2019. Currently, the statutory liquidity
ratio is at 18.75%, effective since July 2019.

Credit
Policy During Fiscal 2020

The Reserve
Bank of India reduced the repo rate by 25 basis points each in April 2019 and June 2019 to 5.75%. Accordingly, the reverse repo
rate was adjusted to 5.5% and the marginal standing facility rate was revised to 6.0% in June 2019. Further, the policy stance
was changed from “neutral” to “accommodative” in June 2019. Other policy announcement includes the Reserve
Bank of India requiring banks to maintain a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0% for domestic systemically important banks and 3.5% for
other banks with effect from October 1, 2019.

250

SUPERVISION
AND REGULATION

The following
description is a summary of certain sector specific laws and regulations in India, which are applicable to us. The information
detailed in this chapter has been obtained from publications available in the public domain. The regulations set out below may
not be exhaustive, and are only intended to provide general information.

The main legislation
governing commercial banks in India is the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. The provisions of the Banking Regulation Act are in addition
to and not, save as expressly provided in the Banking Regulation Act, in derogation of the Companies Act and any other law currently
in force.

Other important laws include the
Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 and Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 as amended from time to time. Additionally, the Reserve
Bank of India, from time to time, issues guidelines to be followed by banks. Compliance with all regulatory requirements is evaluated
with respect to financial statements under Indian GAAP. Banking companies in India are also governed by the provisions of the Companies
Act and if such companies are listed on a stock exchange in India, then various regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board
of India additionally apply to such companies.

Reserve Bank of India
Regulations

Commercial
banks in India are required under the Banking Regulation Act to obtain a license from the Reserve Bank of India to carry on banking
business in India. This license is subject to such conditions as the Reserve Bank of India may choose to impose. Before granting
the license, the Reserve Bank of India must be satisfied that certain conditions are complied with, including, but not limited
to (i) that the bank has the ability to pay its present and future depositors in full as their claims accrue; (ii) that the affairs
of the bank will not be or are not likely to be conducted in a manner detrimental to the interests of present or future depositors;
(iii) that the bank has adequate capital and earnings prospects; (iv) that the public interest will be served if such license is
granted to the bank; (v) that the general character of the proposed management of the bank will not be prejudicial to the public
interest or the interest of its depositors; (vi) that having regard to the banking facilities available in the proposed principal
area of operations of the bank, the potential scope for expansion of banks already in existence in the area and other relevant
factors the grant of the license would not be prejudicial to the operation and consolidation of the banking system consistent with
monetary stability and economic growth; and (vii) any other condition, the fulfilment of which would, in the opinion of the Reserve
Bank of India, be necessary to ensure that the carrying on of banking business in India by the bank will not be prejudicial to
the public interest or the interests of the depositors. The Reserve Bank of India can cancel the license if the bank, at any point,
fails to meet the above conditions or if the bank ceases to carry on banking operations in India.

ICICI Bank,
because it is licensed as a banking company, is regulated and supervised by the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India
requires us to furnish statements and information relating to our business. It has issued, among others, guidelines for commercial
banks relating to banking activities and prudential guidelines relating to recognition of income, classification of assets, provisioning,
exposure norms on concentration risk, valuation of investments and maintenance of capital adequacy. The Reserve Bank of India carries
out its risk assessment of banks, under its risk based supervision exercise, on an annual basis. The Reserve Bank of India has
also set up a Board for Financial Supervision, under the chairmanship of the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India. The appointment
of the statutory auditors of banks is subject to the approval of the Reserve Bank of India. In July 2017, the Reserve Bank of India
advised that an audit firm, after completing its four year tenure in a particular private/foreign bank, will not be eligible for
appointment as statutory central auditors of the same bank for a period of six years. The Reserve Bank of India can direct a special
audit in the interest of the depositors or in the public interest. From June 2018, the Reserve Bank of India has put in place a
graded enforcement action framework to enable appropriate action in respect of statutory auditors where any lapses in conducting
a bank’s statutory audit have been observed. Lapses that would be considered for invoking the enforcement framework include
misstatement of a bank’s financial statement, wrong certifications, wrong information given in the Long Form Audit Report,
and variances in audited financial statements found during the Reserve Bank of India’s inspection and non-adherence to instructions
and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

251

Regulations Relating
to the Opening of Branches

Opening of
branches and shifting of existing branches are governed by the provisions of Section 23 of the Banking Regulation Act. The Reserve
Bank of India may cancel a branch license for violations of the conditions under which the branch license is granted.

The Reserve
Bank of India has substantially liberalized the branch authorization policy for scheduled commercial banks since fiscal 2014. In
May 2017, the description of a branch was broadened to include all service delivery points of a bank, including branches and business
correspondent outlets. The guidelines define a banking outlet as a fixed point service delivery unit, manned by either a bank’s
staff or its business correspondent, and where services of acceptance of deposits, encashment of checks/cash withdrawal or lending
of money are provided for a minimum of four hours per day for at least five days a week. The bank should have a regular off-site
and on-site monitoring of the banking outlet to ensure proper supervision, uninterrupted service delivery and timely addressing
of customer grievances.

The branch
authorization policy is based on the classification of centers into six tiers based on the population size according to the 2011
census. Banks are permitted to open banking outlets in all centers without the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, subject
to certain requirements. Banks are mandated to allocate 25.0% of the total number of new banking outlets opened during a year to
unbanked rural centers. An unbanked rural center is defined as an area classified as Tier 5 and Tier 6 centers that does not have
core banking system enabled banking outlets. Restrictions on opening banking outlets in Tier 1 centers, which are mainly metropolitan
cities, was removed in May 2017 compared to the earlier norm that branches opened in Tier 1 centers during a year cannot exceed
the total number of branches opened in Tier 2 to Tier 6 centers during a year. Banks having general permission may shift, merge
or close all banking outlets (except rural outlets and sole semi-urban outlets) at their discretion without the approval of the
Reserve Bank of India. Banking outlets can be shifted to locations in centers within the same or lesser population categories.
The Reserve Bank of India can withhold the general permission granted with respect to branch opening and impose penal measures
on banks that fail to meet the requirements. Banks are allowed to set up onsite/offsite Automated Teller Machines (ATMs) at centers/places
identified by them, including SEZs.

Capital Adequacy Requirements

We are required
to comply with the Reserve Bank of India’s capital adequacy guidelines. The Reserve Bank of India has implemented the Basel
III framework in India effective April 1, 2013. The implementation of the Basel III framework was being phased in over several
years to be fully implemented by March 31, 2019, but has been deferred and will be fully implemented by March 31, 2020.

The total capital
of a bank is classified into Tier 1 capital comprising of common equity Tier 1 and Additional Tier 1, and Tier 2 capital. Under
the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines, common equity Tier 1 capital is comprised of paid-up equity capital, reserves
consisting of any statutory reserves, other disclosed free reserves, capital reserves representing surplus arising out of sale
proceeds of assets, discounted value of revaluation reserves and foreign currency translation reserves. Additional Tier 1 capital
includes perpetual debt instruments, perpetual non-cumulative preference shares and any other type of instrument generally notified
by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time for inclusion in additional Tier 1 capital. Tier 2 capital, inter alia, includes
general provisions and loss reserves, debt capital instruments classified into Tier 2 any other type of instrument generally notified
by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time for inclusion in Tier 2 capital.

The Reserve
Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines prescribes a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 5.5% and a minimum
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 7.0% and a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 9.0%. The guidelines require banks to maintain
a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets above the minimum requirements to avoid restrictions
on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments; prescribes more stringent adjustments to and deductions from regulatory
capital; provide for limited recognition of minority interests in the regulatory capital of a consolidated banking group; provide
for additional capital requirements for derivative exposures; and impose a 4.5% leverage ratio (the ratio of Tier 1 capital to
exposure) measure till a final ratio is stipulated by the Basel Committee by the end of 2017. The capital

252

conservation buffer has been introduced
in a phased manner from March 31, 2016. In January 2019, the Reserve Bank of India deferred the implementation of the last tranche
of 0.625% of the capital conservation buffer from March 31, 2019 to March 31, 2020. Accordingly, the minimum capital conservation
ratios as earlier applicable from March 31, 2018 would now apply from March 31, 2019 till the capital conservation buffer attains
the level of 2.5% of risk weighted assets as on March 31, 2020. The pre-specified trigger for loss absorption through conversion/write-down
of additional Tier 1 instruments shall remain at 5.5% of risk weighted assets and would increase to 6.125% of risk weighted assets
on March 31, 2020. The leverage ratio is being disclosed on a quarterly basis since April 1, 2015 on a consolidated basis. In June
2019, the Reserve Bank of India has mandated maintaining a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0% for domestic systemically important banks
and 3.5% for other banks, which will be effective from October 1, 2019. Credit value adjustment risk capital charges for over-the-counter
derivatives were effective from April 1, 2014. In November 2016, the Reserve Bank of India permitted banks to issue perpetual debt
instruments that can qualify for inclusion as additional Tier 1 capital and debt capital instruments that can qualify for inclusion
as Tier 2 capital, and long-term bonds for financing infrastructure and affordable housing by way of rupee denominated bonds in
the overseas market. From fiscal 2019, banks are required to create an Investment Fluctuation Reserve of an amount equal to 2.0%
of the total investments in the held-for-trading and available-for-sale categories so as to build buffers against a sharp increase
in government bond yields. The Investment Fluctuation Reserve is eligible for inclusion in Tier 2 capital. In fiscal 2019, the
Bank complied with this requirement and created the investment fluctuation reserve.

The Basel III
guidelines stipulate that additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments must have loss absorbency characteristics, which require
them to be written down or be converted into common equity at a pre-specified trigger event. The guidelines prescribe two trigger
points for instruments issued before March 31, 2019: a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 5.5% of risk-weighted assets before March
31, 2019; and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.125% of risk-weighted assets on and after March 31, 2019. Instruments issued on
or after March 31, 2019 must have a pre-specified trigger at common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.125% of risk-weighted assets. Capital
instruments that no longer qualify as additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital are being phased out from April 1, 2013, with their recognition
capped at 90.0% of the outstanding at December 31, 2012 from April 1, 2013 and reduced by 10 percentage points in each subsequent
year. The Reserve Bank of India has permitted temporary write-down features for non-equity capital instruments. The guidelines
also permit call options on perpetual debt instruments and non-cumulative preference shares after five years. Banks can issue Tier
2 capital instruments with a minimum maturity of five years. Additionally, banks are allowed to issue additional Tier 1 and Tier
2 capital instruments to retail investors subject to approval of their boards and adherence to investor protection requirements.

Coupons on
Basel III instruments are required to be paid out of current year profits, and if current year’s profits are insufficient
coupon may be paid out of revenue reserves. With regard to payment of coupon on additional Tier 1 capital instruments, if current
year profits are not sufficient, coupon payment may be paid through profits carried forward from previous years, and/or reserves
representing appropriation of net profits including statutory reserves. However, this would exclude share premiums, revaluation
reserves, foreign currency translation reserves, investment reserves and reserves created on amalgamation. Appropriation from the
statutory reserve shall be the last option when all other profit pools/reserves fall short of the coupon amount.

Apart from
capital requirements, Basel III also prescribes two new liquidity requirements, the liquidity coverage ratio and the net stable
funding ratio. The Reserve Bank of India has issued final guidelines on the liquidity coverage ratio effective from January 1,
2015 in a phased manner, starting with a minimum liquidity coverage ratio requirement of 60.0%, increasing to 100.0% from January
1, 2019. The Reserve Bank of India has also defined categories of assets qualifying as high quality liquid assets. The Reserve
Bank of India issued draft guidelines on the net stable funding ratio in May 2015 and final guidelines were issued in May 2018.
The guidelines will be applicable from April 1, 2020. See also “—
Regulations on Asset Liability Management
”
and “
—Legal Reserve Requirements
”. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on capital disclosure
requirements in addition to the existing Pillar 3 guidance. The guidelines prescribe reconciliation of all regulatory capital elements
with the published financial statements and other disclosure requirements.

In July 2014,
the Reserve Bank of India released the framework for domestic systemically important banks. Banks identified as systemically important
based on their size, complexity, cross-jurisdictional activities and inter-connectedness in the financial sector would be required
to maintain additional common equity Tier 1 capital ranging

253

from 0.2% to 0.8% of risk-weighted assets. This requirement is in addition to the capital conservation
buffer. The higher capital requirement for domestic systemically important banks is being implemented in a phased manner from April
1, 2016 to April 1, 2019. The names of banks classified as domestic systemically important banks is disclosed in the month of August
every year. In August 2015, the Reserve Bank of India announced that State Bank of India (with an additional common equity Tier
1 capital ratio requirement of 0.6% of the risk weighted assets) and ICICI Bank (with an additional common equity Tier 1 capital
ratio requirement of 0.2% of the risk weighted assets to be phased in) were domestic systemically important banks. We continued
to be categorized as systemically important in fiscal 2019. The additional common equity Tier 1 requirement for us is 0.10%, 0.15%
and 0.20% of risk-weighted assets as at March 31, 2018, March 31, 2019 and June 30, 2019, respectively.

In February
2015, the Reserve Bank of India released the final guidelines on implementation of the counter-cyclical capital buffer for Indian
banks. These guidelines would impose higher capital requirements on banks during periods of high economic growth. The counter-cyclical
capital buffer would range from 0% to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets of a bank, based on the variation in the credit-to-GDP ratio
from its long-term trend and other parameters. The Reserve Bank of India would pre-announce the buffer at least four quarters prior
to implementation. The Reserve Bank of India will also announce guidance regarding the treatment of the surplus capital when the
counter-cyclical capital buffer returns to zero. The Reserve Bank of India has stated that at present the economic conditions do
not warrant activation of the counter-cyclical capital buffer. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Capital
Resources—Regulatory Capital
” and “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—We are subject
to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel III, and any inability
to maintain adequate capital or liquidity due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may
impact our ability to grow and support our businesses
”.

With respect
to computation of risk-weighted assets for capital adequacy purposes, we follow the standardized approach for the measurement
of credit and market risks and the basic indicator approach for the measurement of operational risk. In the measurement of risk-weighted
assets on account of credit risk, degrees of credit risk expressed as a percentage weighting have been assigned to various balance
sheet asset items and off-balance sheet items. The credit equivalent value of off-balance sheet items is determined by applying
conversion factors to the notional amount of the off-balance sheet items. The value of each item is multiplied by the relevant
risk weight (and conversion factor for off-balance sheet items) to produce risk-adjusted values of assets and off-balance sheet
items. Consumer credit exposures have a risk weight of 125.0% and other exposures meeting the qualifying criteria of regulatory
retail, defined by the Reserve Bank of India, have a risk weight of 75.0%. Loans secured by residential property have differential
risk weights ranging from 35.0% to 75.0% based on the size of the loan and the loan-to-value ratio. Since October 2015, residential
housing loans of up to Rs. 3.0 million with a loan-to-value ratio of less than 80% and loans between Rs. 3.0 million and Rs. 7.5
million with a loan-to-value of less than 75.0% were risk weighted at 35.0% compared to 50% earlier. Loans of up to Rs. 3.0 million
with a loan-to-value ratio greater than 80.0% but less than 90.0% and loans between Rs. 3.0 million and Rs. 7.5 million with a
loan-to-value between 75.0% and 80.0% were risk weighted at 50.0%. Loans greater than Rs. 7.5 million with a loan-to-value of
less than 75.0% were risk weighted at 75.0%. In June 2017, as a counter-cyclical measure, the risk weights for residential housing
loans in some categories were revised. The maximum loan-to-value for loans between Rs. 3.0 million and Rs. 7.5 million was reduced
to 80.0%, from the earlier 90.0%. The risk weight on loans greater than Rs. 7.5 million with a loan-to-value of less than 75.0%
was revised from 75.0% to 50.0%.

Credit exposures
to commercial real estate are risk weighted at 100.0%, other than residential housing which is risk weighted at 75.0%. Further,
restructured housing loans have an additional risk weight of 25.0%. Credit exposures to rated corporations other than specified
categories such as commercial real estate, non-deposit taking systemically important non-banking financial companies, venture funds
and capital markets are risk weighted based on the external credit ratings at a facility level, with the risk weight ranging from
20% to 150% and unrated corporate exposures being risk weighted at 100.0%. Credit exposures to non-deposit taking systemically
important non-banking finance companies were risk-weighted at 100.0%. In February 2019, the Reserve Bank of India revised the risk
weights on exposures to
non-deposit taking systemically important
 non-banking finance companies,
excluding core investment companies.
Instead of the uniform risk weight of 100%, the Reserve Bank
of India allowed rated exposures of banks to these non-banking financial companies to be risk-weighted as per the rating assigned
by the accredited rating agencies, in a manner similar to that for corporate borrowers. Exposures to core investment companies
continue to be risk-

254

weighted
at 100%
. The risk weights on externally unrated exposures to corporate sector and asset financing and infrastructure financing
non-banking finance companies were increased in August 2016. Where the exposure of the banking system exceeds Rs. 2.0 billion,
the risk weight is proposed to be increased from 100.0% to 150.0%. This was to be effective from June 30, 2017. However, the Reserve
Bank of India deferred the same and this became effective from April 1, 2019. Aggregate exposure of more than Rs. 1.0 billion that
was initially rated but subsequently became unrated has been assigned a risk weight of 150.0% since August 2016. Exposures to capital
markets are risk weighted at 125.0% and exposures to venture capital funds are risk weighted at 150.0%. Further, equity shares
of corporations acquired by banks as part of a strategic debt restructuring of loans are risk weighted at 150.0%. Capital requirements
for market risk are applicable to the trading book exposure (including derivatives) and securities included in the available-for-sale
and held-for-trading categories, open gold positions, open foreign exchange position limits, trading positions in derivatives and
derivatives entered into for hedging trading book exposures. Capital requirements for operational risk are computed based on 15.0%
of average of gross income for the previous three financial years. Central counterparties are treated as financial institutions
for the purpose of capital adequacy. Capital requirements are defined based on the nature of the central counterparty, and a bank
may consider holding capital in excess of the minimum requirement if the exposures are riskier or there is no clarity on the nature
of the central counterparty.

The Reserve
Bank of India issued guidelines in November 2016, for computing counterparty credit risk arising from derivative transactions and
a framework for the capital treatment of bank exposures to central counterparties. The guidelines are based on the framework finalized
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and captures the risk arising from over-the-counter and centrally cleared derivative
transactions. These guidelines were to come into effect on April 1, 2018. However, the Reserve Bank of India after reviewing the
status of implementation of these standards across various jurisdictions decided to defer the implementation of the guidelines
until further notice.

The Reserve
Bank of India has issued a timetable for the migration of Indian banks to the advanced approaches under the Basel II framework.
Banks intending to migrate to the internal models approach for market risk and the standardized approach for operational risk were
required to apply to the Reserve Bank of India after April 1, 2010. Banks intending to migrate to the advanced measurement approach
for operational risk and internal ratings-based approaches for credit risk are required to apply to the Reserve Bank of India after
April 1, 2012. In addition, in December 2011, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on the internal ratings-based approach
for calculating capital charges for credit risk. These guidelines prescribe the minimum loss given default levels to be considered
for capital adequacy computation and treat restructured assets as non-performing assets for capital adequacy purposes. ICICI Bank
is in the process of implementing various projects for migrating to the advanced approaches.

Under Pillar
2 of the Basel framework, banks are required to develop and put in place, with the approval of their boards, an Internal Capital
Adequacy Assessment Process commensurate with their size, level of complexity, risk profile and scope of operations. The Reserve
Bank of India has also issued guidelines on stress testing to advise banks to put in place appropriate stress testing policies
and frameworks, including “sensitivity tests” and “scenario tests”, for the various risk factors, the details
and results of which are included in the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process. The Reserve Bank of India issued updated
guidelines on stress testing in December 2013. According to the guidelines, banks have to carry out stress tests for credit risk
and market risk to assess their ability to withstand shocks. The guidelines relate to the overall objectives, governance, design
and implementation of stress-testing program. Banks are required to carry out risk factor-based stress testing, scenario-based
stress testing and stress testing by employing shocks on a bank’s portfolio at a standalone and group level. In addition,
banks are also required to create a reverse stress testing framework. Banks are classified into three categories based on size
of risk-weighted assets. Complex and severe stress testing would be carried out by banks with risk-weighted assets of more than
Rs. 2,000.0 billion.

Loan Loss Provisions
and Non-Performing Assets

The Reserve
Bank of India consolidated its instructions and guidelines relating to income recognition, asset classification and provisioning
standards in the Master Circular on “Prudential Norms on Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning pertaining
to Advances”. The principal features of the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, which have been implemented with respect to
our loans, debentures, lease assets, hire purchases and bills in our Indian GAAP financial statements, are set forth below.

255

Asset
Classification

A non-performing
asset is an asset in respect of which any amount of interest or principal is overdue for more than 90 days. In particular, an advance
is a non-performing asset where:

•	    interest and/or installment
of principal remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days in respect of a term loan;

•	    the account remains
“out-of-order” (as defined below) in respect of an overdraft or cash

credit;

•	    the bill remains overdue
for a period of more than 90 days in case of bills purchased and

discounted;

•	    installment of principal
or interest remains overdue for two crop seasons for short duration crops or for one crop season for long duration crops;

•	    the amount of liquidity
facility remains outstanding for more than 90 days, in respect of a securitization transaction undertaken in accordance with the
Reserve Bank of India guidelines on securitization issued on February 1, 2006;

•	    in respect of derivative
transactions, the overdue receivables related to positive mark-to-market value of a derivative contract, if these remain unpaid
for a period of 90 days from the specified due date for payment; or

•	    in respect of credit
card transactions, if the minimum amount due, as mentioned in the statement, remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days
from the payment due date mentioned in the statement.

An account
is treated as “out-of-order” if the outstanding balance remains continuously in excess of the approved drawing limit
for 90 days. In circumstances where the outstanding balance in the principal operating account is less than the approved drawing
limit, but (i) there are no credits continuously for a period of 90 days as of the date of the balance sheet of the bank or (ii)
the credits are not sufficient to cover the interest debited during the same period, these accounts are treated as “out-of-order”.

Interest in
respect of non-performing assets is not recognized or credited to the income account unless collected.

Non-performing assets are classified
as described below.

Sub-Standard
Assets.
Assets that are non-performing assets for a period not exceeding 12 months. Such an asset has well-defined credit weaknesses
that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt and are characterized by the distinct possibility that the bank will sustain some loss,
if deficiencies are not corrected.

Doubtful
Assets.
Assets that are non-performing assets for more than 12 months. A loan classified as doubtful has all the weaknesses
inherent in assets that are classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation
in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable.

Loss Assets.

Assets on which losses have been identified by the bank or internal or external auditors during the performance of their audit
procedures or during the Reserve Bank of India inspection but the amount has not been written off fully.

There are separate
guidelines for classification of loans for projects under implementation which are based on the date of commencement of commercial
production and date of completion of the project as originally envisaged at the time of financial closure. For infrastructure projects,
a loan is classified as non-performing if it failed to

256

commence commercial operations within two years from the documented date of commencement and for non-infrastructure
projects, the loan is classified as non-performing if it failed to commence operations within 12 months from the documented date
of commencement. During the three months ended December 31, 2015, against the backdrop of continuing challenges in the corporate
sector, the Reserve Bank of India articulated an objective of early and conservative recognition of stress and provisioning, and
held discussions with and asked a number of Indian banks, including us, to review certain loan accounts and their classification
over the six months ended March 31, 2016. As a result of the challenges faced by the corporate sector and the discussions with
and review by the Reserve Bank of India, non-performing assets and provisions of a number of Indian banks, including us, increased
significantly during the second half of fiscal 2016. See also “
Risk Factors—
Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector
—If regulatory and legal
changes continue to impose increasingly stringent requirements regarding non-performing loans and provisioning for such loans,
our business will suffer
”
and “
Business—Classification of Loans
”.

In April 2017,
banks were mandated to make additional disclosures in their financial statements where there is a material divergence in the asset
classification and provisioning by banks as compared to that prescribed by the regulator. According to the guidelines, where the
additional provisioning requirements assessed by the Reserve Bank of India exceed 15.0% of the published net profits after tax
for the reference period, and/or the additional gross non-performing assets identified by the Reserve Bank of India exceed 15.0%
of the published incremental gross non-performing assets for the reference period, the same will have to be disclosed in the notes
to accounts section of the annual report. The Reserve Bank of India, under its risk-based supervision exercise, carries out the
risk assessment of banks on an annual basis. As a part of this assessment, the Reserve Bank of India separately reviews asset
classification and provisioning of credit facilities given by banks to its borrowers. This assessment is initiated subsequent
to the completion of the annual audit and the publication of audited financial statements for the given financial year. The divergences,
if any, in classification or provisioning arising out of the supervisory process are given effect to in the financial statements
in subsequent periods after conclusion of the exercise. In April 2019, the Reserve Bank of India revised the disclosure requirement
for divergence in asset classification and provisioning. The disclosure is required if either the additional provisioning requirement
assessed by the Reserve Bank of India exceeds 10.0% of the published profits before provisions and contingencies for the period,
or the additional gross non-performing assets identified by the Reserve Bank of India exceeds 15.0% of the published incremental
gross non-performing assets for the reference period, or both. See also
“Risk Factors-Risks that arise as a result of
our presence in a highly regulated sector-If regulatory and legal changes continue to impose increasingly stringent requirements
regarding non-performing loans and provisioning for such loans, our business will suffer.”

Following the
implementation of the goods and services tax system in fiscal 2018, and with a view to ease the transition for micro, small and
medium-sized enterprises, banks were allowed to temporarily classify exposures to such enterprises with aggregate credit facilities
of up to Rs. 250 million from the banking system as per the 180 day past due criterion. Accordingly, loans to micro, small and
medium-sized enterprises which were classified as standard as at August 31, 2017 may continue to be classified as standard so long
as the payments due as at September 1, 2017 and falling due thereafter up till December 31, 2018 are paid no later than 180 days
from its original due date.

Restructured
loans

Up to year-end
fiscal 2015, a fully secured standard loan (other than in specified categories such as personal loans, capital market exposures
and commercial real estate exposures) could be restructured by rescheduling the principal repayment and/or the interest element
without being classified as non-performing subject to compliance with prescribed conditions, but separately disclosed as a standard
restructured loan. The classification of restructured loans as standard restructured loan was subject to compliance with certain
conditions such as the loans being fully secured by the promoter’s contribution, including additional funds brought in, comprising
at least 20.0% of a bank’s sacrifice or 2.0% of the restructured debt, whichever is higher. Accounts restructured from fiscal
2016 onwards, are required to be classified as non-performing, except for restructuring of project loans on account of delay in
commencement of operations (as discussed below) and accounts where the restructuring was proposed prior to April 1, 2015 but effected
subsequent to that date.

257

With regard
to restructuring of project loans, any extension in repayment of the loan beyond the prescribed period (two years for infrastructure
projects and one year for non-infrastructure projects) of the date of commencement of commercial operations from the originally
planned date is treated as a restructuring of the account. In cases where projects under implementation have been stalled primarily
due to inadequacies of the existing promoters and there is a change in the ownership and management of the borrowing entity, a
further period of extension of the date of commencement of commercial operations is permitted by two years.

In January
2019, the Reserve Bank of India, permitted a one-time restructuring of existing loans to micro, small and medium enterprises classified
as 'standard' without a downgrade in the asset classification. To be eligible for the scheme, the aggregate exposure, including
non-fund based facilities of banks and non-banking financial companies, to a borrower should not exceed Rs.250.0 million as on
January 1, 2019. The restructuring will have to be implemented by March 31, 2020. A provision of 5.0%, in addition to the provisions
already held, shall be made in respect of accounts restructured under this scheme.

Standard restructured
loans of the banking system have declined significantly and constituted just 0.4, % of total advances at March 31, 2019.

Standard restructured
loans are subject to higher standard asset provisioning requirements and higher risk weights for capital adequacy purposes. The
higher standard asset provisioning requirements continue for two years from the commencement of the first payment of interest or
principal, whichever is later on the credit facility with the longest period of moratorium. The higher risk weights continue until
satisfactory performance under the revised payment schedule has been established for one year from the date when the first payment
of interest/principal falls due under the revised schedule. Restructured loans continue to be classified as such until they cease
to be subject to the higher standard asset provisioning and/or risk weight requirements. If the restructured account is overdue
as per the revised schedule for a period beyond the minimum period prescribed for classification of a loan as non-performing, it
is required to be downgraded to non-performing status with reference to the pre-restructuring payment schedule.

In light of
the increasing stress in the Indian corporate sector and the rising pool of restructured loans and non-performing loans in the
Indian banking sector since fiscal 2016, the Reserve Bank of India had issued several guidelines for enabling resolution of stressed
accounts, including the Strategic Debt Restructuring, Change in Ownership of Borrower Accounts Outside Strategic Debt Restructuring
and the Scheme for Sustainable Structuring of Stressed Assets. These schemes were withdrawn in February 2018. See also “
Overview
of the Indian Financial Sector—Legislative Framework for Recovery of Debts due to Banks—Resolution of Stressed Assets
”.
The past measures for restructuring were as follows:

1.       In
June 2015, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on strategic debt restructuring providing banks with enhanced capabilities
to initiate change of ownership in accounts which failed to achieve the projected viability milestones. The guidelines provided
for conversion of debt into equity and acquisition of majority ownership of the borrower by banks. On conversion of debt into equity,
banks were allowed to continue with the existing asset classification for an 18-month period (stand-still benefit) during which
the loan could continue to be classified as standard even if the default in payment of interest or principal would otherwise have
required the loan to be classified as non-performing. Interest on the loan during this period was not accrued, and was recognized
only if received in cash. On transfer of ownership to a new sponsor, the asset could be upgraded to the standard category and refinancing
of the debt was allowed without such refinancing being treated as a restructuring. However, in the event a new sponsor was not
identified within the 18-month period, the bank had to revert to the earlier asset classification norm as was applicable prior
to the stand-still in asset classification. In September 2015, the Reserve Bank of India allowed banks to upgrade the credit facilities
extended by banks to standard category even in the event of a change in ownership of the borrower outside strategic debt restructuring.
Considering the change in risk profile following the change in management, banks were allowed to refinance the existing debt without
treating it as restructuring subject to the bank making provisions for any diminution in fair value of the existing debt. To avoid
a sudden increase in provisioning in the event that the strategic debt restructuring were to fail, the guidelines required banks
to increase provisions on such accounts to up to

258

15.0% by the end of the 18-month
stand-still period, to be made in equal instalments over four quarters. It was further clarified that the benefit of ‘stand-still’
in asset classification would apply from the reference date (i.e., date of decision of strategic debt restructuring) itself. However,
if the targeted conversion of debt into equity shares does not take place within 210 days from the review of achievement of milestones/critical
conditions, the benefit would cease to exist.

2.       As
an additional measure to strengthen the ability of banks to deal with large stressed assets, in June 2016 the Reserve Bank of India
issued guidelines introducing the Scheme of Sustainable Structuring of Stressed Assets, which was discontinued in fiscal 2018.
Projects that had commenced commercial operations and had aggregate borrowings (including interest) of over Rs. 5.0 billion were
eligible to be structured under the scheme. As per the guidelines, the sustainable debt level could not be less than 50.0% of current
funded liabilities. The Joint Lenders’ Forum had to assess the sustainable debt that could be serviced over the tenor of
the loan at current levels of cash flows. The portion assessed as unsustainable had to be converted into equity or redeemable cumulative
optionally convertible preference shares or convertible debentures. The guidelines also required higher provision to be made for
the unsustainable portion of the debt. The scheme allowed the current promoter to continue with majority shareholding, or bring
in a new promoter, or lenders could acquire majority shareholding through conversion of debt into equity. In November 2016, the
Reserve Bank of India revised the guidelines allowing the sustainable portion of the debt to be treated as standard at the time
of implementation of the resolution, subject to provisions made upfront, covering the higher of 25.0% of the total outstanding
or 50.0% of the unsustainable portion of debt.

In May 2017,
the Government of India promulgated the Banking Regulation (Amendment) Ordinance, 2017 which was later enacted by Parliament in
August 2017. The regulation is intended to facilitate timely resolution of stressed assets by empowering the Reserve Bank of India.
It authorizes the Reserve Bank of India to direct banks to resolve specific stressed assets. It amended section 35A of the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949 and authorized the Reserve Bank of India to intervene and instruct banks to resolve specific stressed assets
and initiate an insolvency resolution process where required. The Reserve Bank of India was also empowered to issue other directions
for resolution, and could appoint authorities or committees to advise banking companies on the resolution of stressed assets.

Further, in
June 2017, the Reserve Bank of India issued directions to banks to file for resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code
with the National Company Law Tribunal in respect of 12 large stressed accounts. In August 2017, the Reserve Bank of India identified
an additional list of stressed accounts and directed banks to initiate insolvency resolution process under the provisions of the
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code by December 31, 2017 if a resolution plan where the residual debt was rated investment grade by
two external credit rating agencies was not implemented by December 13, 2017. The Reserve Bank of India directed banks to make
a provision for the identified cases to the extent of 50.0% of the secured portion and 100.0% of the unsecured portion of the outstanding
loans or as per the existing guidelines of Reserve Bank of India, whichever was higher, by March 31, 2018. The provision requirement
was later revised from 50.0% of the secured portion of the debt to 40.0% by March 2018 and 50.0% by June 30, 2018. See also “
Overview
of the Indian Financial Sector—Legislative Framework for Recovery of Debts due to Banks
”. Subsequently, amendments
have been made to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code to streamline the process of resolution. In November 2017, an ordinance amending
the Code was promulgated, to prevent willful defaulters and promoters of entities classified as non-performing from bidding for
the assets of a company under a resolution plan. A new section 29A has been included that makes certain persons, including willful
defaulters and those who have their accounts classified as non-performing assets for one year or more, ineligible to be a resolution
applicant under a resolution plan. The amendments were approved later by Parliament and enacted in January 2018. In another amendment
promulgated in June 2018, home buyers have been given the status of financial creditors and allowed to refer real estate developers
to the National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. Further, micro, small and medium-sized enterprises
have been given special dispensation, allowing promoters of such enterprises to bid for their enterprise undergoing a resolution,
provided the promoter is not a willful defaulter. The Government of India has also been empowered to announce further dispensations
with regard to the micro, small and medium-sized enterprises if required.

259

In February
2018, the Reserve Bank of India announced a Revised Framework for Resolution of Stressed Assets. The framework aimed at a time-bound
resolution of non-performing and stressed borrowers and commencement of proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code in
respect of borrowers where a resolution satisfying specified criteria could not be achieved within a prescribed timeframe. The
revised framework withdrew the earlier resolution schemes including the Corporate Debt Restructuring Scheme, Flexible Structuring
of Existing Long-Term Project Loans, Strategic Debt Restructuring, Change in Ownership Outside Strategic Debt Restructuring and
the Scheme for Sustainable Structuring of Stressed Assets. The Joint Lenders’ Forum was discontinued and the stand-still
benefits in asset classification of borrowers where any of the Reserve Bank of India announced resolution schemes had been initiated
but not implemented was also withdrawn. However, loans granted to projects under implementation continue to enjoy forbearance in
terms of restructuring due to a delay in implementation of the project (up to specified periods) and classification of assets subject
to fulfilling certain conditions stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India.

In April 2019,
the Supreme Court declared the Reserve Bank of India circular on Revised Framework for Resolution of Stressed Assets of February
2018 as unconstitutional. Following this judgement, in June 2019, the Reserve Bank of India issued a revised Prudential Framework
for Resolution of Stressed Assets by Banks. As per the framework, the process of implementing a resolution plan can be initiated
by lenders as soon as a borrower is reported to be in default by any of the lenders. Banks have to undertake a review of the borrower
within 30 days of a default in the borrower account. Banks have to enter into an inter-creditor agreement during the 30-day review
period to decide rules for finalization and implementation of the resolution plan. Resolution plans involving restructuring or
change in ownership for accounts where the aggregate banking system exposure is above Rs. 1.0 billion shall require independent
credit evaluation of the residual debt by credit rating agencies authorized by the Reserve Bank of India. The guideline allows
banks to decide on referring an account for resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code compared to the earlier requirement
of referring in the event the resolution plan is not implemented within the stipulated timeline. However, it proposes an additional
provision of 20.0% if the resolution plan is not implemented within 180 days from the end of the 30-day review period, and a further
15.0% provision if the resolution plan is not implemented within 365 days from the commencement of the review period. The additional
provisions are not required to be made if insolvency proceedings are initiated within 210 days of default. In July 2019, the government
of India has proposed to amend the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. The proposed amendments include enforcing a 330 day time limit
for completion of the resolution process, including litigation and other judicial processes; empower the Committee of Creditors,
which comprises of all financial creditors, to decide on the manner of distribution of resolution proceeds and make a provision
for financial creditors who have not voted in favour of the resolution plan and operational creditors to receive a share of the
resolution proceeds as per the hierarchy specified by the Code.

The June 2019
guideline also requires the board approved policies on resolution of stressed accounts of banks. For the purpose of restructuring,
the definition of ‘financial difficulty’ has been aligned with the guidelines issued by the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision. The signs of financial difficulty could include default, delisting of securities, insufficient cash flows assessed,
non-performing status of credit facilities, etc. A borrower can be identified as being in financial difficulty even in the absence
of arrears on an exposure.

Loans classified
as sub-standard and doubtful assets can also be restructured. Non-performing accounts on restructuring can be upgraded only when
all the outstanding loans or facilities in the account perform satisfactorily for a period of at least one year from the commencement
of the first payment of interest or principal, whichever is later, on the credit facility with the longest period of moratorium.

Since fiscal
2014, banks have been mandated to disclose further details on accounts restructured in their annual reports. This includes disclosing
accounts restructured on a cumulative basis excluding the standard restructured accounts which cease to attract higher provision
and/or higher risk weight, the provisions made on restructured accounts under various categories and details of movement of restructured
accounts.

260

Provisioning
and write-offs

Provisions
under Indian GAAP are based on guidelines specific to the classification of the assets. The following guidelines apply to the various
asset classifications:

Standard
Assets
: The allowances on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning
requirement is a uniform rate of 0.4% for all standard assets except:

•	    direct advances to
agricultural and the small and micro enterprise sectors, which attract a provisioning requirement of 0.25%,

•	    advances to commercial
real estate non-residential sectors which attract a provisioning requirement of 1.0%,

•	    advances to commercial
real estate residential sector which attract a provisioning requirement of 0.75% and

•	    housing loans, where
such loans are made at comparatively lower interest rates for the first year of the loan after which the rates are reset at higher
rates, which attract a provisioning requirement of 2.0%.

An additional
provision between 0% and 0.8% is required from April 1, 2014 on standard loans to entities having unhedged foreign currency exposure.
Standard loans require a higher provision of 5.0% if any director of the company appears more than once in the list of willful
defaulters. In case of fraud accounts, 100.0% provisioning has to be made with the option to make the provision over a period of
four quarters. The provision requirement pertaining to fraud accounts is computed after adjusting for any financial collateral
that may be available and is eligible under Basel III capital adequacy computation.

In a
guideline issued in April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India requires banks to maintain provisions for standard assets at rates
higher than the regulatory requirement in respect of advances to stressed sectors of the economy. Banks have to put in place
a Board-approved policy for making higher provisions based on evaluation of risk and stress in various sectors. The policy
will have to be reviewed on a quarterly basis. Further for assets referred to the National Company Law Tribunal under the
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, banks have to make provisions to the extent of 50.0% of the secured portion and 100.0% of the
unsecured portion of the outstanding loans.

•
Sub-standard Assets
:
A provision of 15.0% is required for all substandard assets as compared to the previous requirement of 10.0%. A provision of 25.0%
is required for accounts that are unsecured. Unsecured infrastructure loan accounts classified as substandard require provisioning
of 20.0%.

•
Doubtful Assets
:
A 100.0% provision/write-off is required against the unsecured portion of a doubtful asset and is charged against income. With
effect from fiscal 2012, for the secured portion of assets classified as doubtful, a 25.0% provision is required for assets that
have been classified as doubtful for a year, a 40.0% provision is required for assets that have been classified as doubtful for
one to three years (compared to a 30.0% provision required through fiscal 2011) and a 100.0% provision is required for assets classified
as doubtful for more than three years. The value assigned to the collateral securing a loan is the amount reflected on the borrower’s
books or the realizable value determined by third-party appraisers.

•
Loss Assets
:
The entire asset is required to be written off or provided for.

Restructured
loans

The provision
on restructured loans is required to be equal to the difference between the fair value of the loan before and after restructuring.
The fair value of the loan before restructuring is computed as the present value of cash

261

flows representing the interest at
the existing rate charged on the loan before restructuring and the principal. The fair value of the loan after restructuring is
computed as the present value of cash flows representing the interest at the rate charged under the loan’s restructured terms
and the principal. Both sets of cash flows were discounted at the bank’s base rate as on the date of restructuring plus the
appropriate term premium and credit risk premium for the borrower category on the date of restructuring till July 2015. The Reserve
Bank of India revised the discount rate for computing the present value of future cash flows of a restructured account and require
a rate equal to the actual interest rate charged to the borrower before restructuring to be used to discount the future cash flows
for the purpose of determining the diminution in fair value of the loan on restructuring. A weighted average interest rate may
be used as the discounting rate for accounts having multiple credit facilities with varying interest rates.

The Reserve
Bank of India has issued prudential norms on income recognition, asset classification and provisioning pertaining to advances which
covers norms relating to creation and utilization of floating provisions (i.e., provisions which are not made in respect of specific
non-performing assets or are made in excess of regulatory requirements for provisions for standard assets). The floating provisions
outstanding at year-end can be used only for contingencies under extraordinary circumstances for making specific provisions against
non-performing accounts after obtaining approval from the board of directors and with the prior permission of the Reserve Bank
of India. Extraordinary circumstances refer to losses which do not arise in the normal course of business and are exceptional and
non-recurring in nature, such as natural calamities, civil unrest, collapse of currency, general meltdown in the markets affecting
the entire financial system and exceptional credit losses. Floating provisions for advances and investments must be held separately
and cannot be reversed by credit to the profit and loss account. Until utilization of such provisions, they can be netted off from
gross non-performing assets to compute the net non-performing assets. Alternatively, floating provisions could be treated as part
of Tier 2 capital within the overall ceiling of 1.25% of total risk-weighted assets.

To limit the volatility
of loan loss provisioning over the course of an economic cycle, the Reserve Bank of India released a discussion paper
on a dynamic loan loss provisioning framework in March 2012. The framework proposes to replace the existing general
provisioning standards and recommends that banks make provisions on their loan book every year based on historical loss
experience in various categories of loans. In those years where the bank’s actual provisions are higher than the
computed dynamic provisions requirement, the bank can draw down from existing dynamic provisions to the extent of the
difference, subject to the retention of a specified minimum level of dynamic provisions. The final guidelines on the dynamic
provisioning framework and its implementation have not been issued. The Reserve Bank of India indicated in early 2014 that
the framework would be implemented as economic conditions improve along with an improvement in the banking system. In the
meantime, banks are expected to develop necessary capabilities to compute their long-term average annual expected loss for
different asset classes in a step towards switching to the dynamic provisioning framework.

Under
the Banking Regulation Act, banking companies in India are required to comply with the directions of the Reserve Bank of India,
including guidelines issued with respect to asset identification, asset classification and provisioning by banking companies. While
preparing the financial statements under Indian GAAP, banking companies are required to comply with all regulatory requirements,
including such directions issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India issued a circular on February 11, 2016,
instructing all scheduled commercial banks in India to comply with the Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) for financial
statements for accounting periods beginning April 1, 2018, subject to any guideline or direction issued by the Reserve Bank of
India in this regard. In April 2018, the Reserve Bank of India deferred the implementation of Ind AS by one year to begin on April
1, 2019, considering that there were legislative amendments to be made to the format of financial statements prescribed in the
Third Schedule to Banking Regulation Act as well as the level of preparedness of many banks. In March 2019, the Reserve Bank of
India deferred the implementation of the Ind AS till further notice as legislative amendments recommended were still under the
consideration of the Government of India.

Guidelines on Sale and
Purchase of Non-Performing Assets

In order to
provide banks with option to resolve their non-performing assets, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on the sale and purchase
of non-performing assets among banks, financial institutions and non-banking finance companies. As per these guidelines, the board
of directors of a bank must establish a policy for the purchase

262

and sale of non-performing assets.
Purchases and sales of non-performing assets must be without recourse to the seller and on a cash basis, with the entire consideration
being paid upfront. The purchasing bank must hold the non-performing asset on its books for at least 12 months before it can sell
the asset to another bank. The asset cannot be sold back to the original seller.

Guidelines
Relating to Use of Recovery Agents by Banks

In April 2008,
the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines for banks engaging recovery agents. The Reserve Bank of India has asked banks to put
in place a due diligence process for the engagement of recovery agents, structured to cover, among others, individuals involved
in the recovery process. Banks are expected to communicate details of recovery agents to borrowers and have in place a grievance
redressal mechanism pertaining to the recovery process. The Reserve Bank of India has advised banks to initiate a training course
for current and prospective recovery agents to support prudent recovery practices. In case of persistent complaints received by
the Reserve Bank of India regarding violation of the guidelines, the Reserve Bank of India may consider imposing a ban on the bank
from engaging recovery agents.

Regulations
Relating to Sale of Assets to Asset Reconstruction Companies

The SARFAESI
Act, provides for the sale of financial assets by banks and financial institutions to asset reconstruction companies. The Reserve
Bank of India has issued guidelines to banks on the process to be followed for sales of financial assets to asset reconstruction
companies. These guidelines provide that a bank may sell financial assets to an asset reconstruction company provided the asset
is a non-performing asset. These assets are to be sold on a “without recourse” basis, only. A bank may sell a standard
asset only if the borrower has a consortium or multiple banking arrangements, at least 75.0% by value of the total loans to the
borrower are classified as non-performing and at least 75.0% by value of the banks and financial institutions in the consortium
or multiple banking arrangements agree to the sale. In fiscal 2015, the Reserve Bank of India had also permitted banks to sell
standard loans overdue for more than 60 days and reported as special mention accounts to asset reconstruction companies. The banks
selling financial assets should seek to ensure that there is no known liability devolving on them and that they do not assume any
operational, legal or any other type of risks relating to the financial assets sold. Further, banks may not sell financial assets
at a contingent price with an agreement to bear a part of the shortfall on ultimate realization. However, banks may sell specific
financial assets with an agreement to share in any surplus realized by the asset reconstruction company in the future. While each
bank is required to make its own assessment of the value offered in the sale before accepting or rejecting an offer for purchase
of financial assets by an asset reconstruction company, in consortium or multiple banking arrangements where more than 75.0% by
value of the banks or financial institutions accept the offer, the remaining banks or financial institutions are obliged to accept
the offer. Consideration for the sale may be in the form of cash, bonds or debentures or security receipts or pass-through certificates
issued by the asset reconstruction company or trusts set up by it to acquire the financial assets.

Banks can also
invest in security receipts or pass-through certificates issued by the asset reconstruction company or trusts set up by it to acquire
the financial assets. The Reserve Bank of India has also issued guidelines governing the affairs of securitization and reconstructions
companies. The guideline provides norms relating to period of realization of assets by securitization and reconstruction company,
mandatory holding of security receipts, period for formulating plan of recovery, etc. Banks are also allowed to reverse the excess
provision in case a non-performing asset is sold to asset reconstruction companies at a value which is higher than the net book
value subject to realization in cash and necessary disclosures. The quantum of excess provision reversed to the profit and loss
account is limited to the extent to which cash received exceeds the net book value of the non-performing assets sold. In the event
the sale value is lower than the net book value, banks are allowed to spread over the shortfall from the sale of non-performing
assets over a period of two years as per guidelines issued in May 2015. This dispensation was available for non-performing assets
sold up to March 31, 2016. However, as per guidelines issued in June 2016 by the Reserve Bank of India, the dispensation was extended
up to March 31, 2017, and the period to spread over the shortfall was restricted to four quarters from the quarter in which the
sale took place. For assets sold to asset reconstruction companies during fiscal 2017, in case full provisioning remains to be
made as at March 31, 2017, on close of financial year, banks should debit the “other reserves” component of the balance
sheet (which are reserves created for the un-provided amount at the end of the financial year). Banks should proportionately reverse
the debits to “other reserves” and complete the provisioning by debiting profit and loss account, in the subsequent
quarters of the next

263

financial year. Further, securitization
companies and asset reconstruction companies are not permitted to acquire any non-performing financial assets from their sponsor
banks on a bilateral basis. However, they may participate in auctions of non-performing assets by their sponsor banks.

All transactions
relating to securitization, reconstruction of financial assets and the transactions relating to mortgage by deposit of title deeds
to secure any loan or advances granted by banks and financial institutions are to be registered in the central electronic registry
within 30 days of such transaction. The records will be available for search by any lender or any other person interested in dealing
with the property and are designed to prevent frauds involving multiple lending against the same security as well as to prevent
fraudulent sale of property without disclosing any existing security interest over such property.

In September
2016, the Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines relating to sale of non-performing assets by banks to securitization
companies/reconstruction companies. Key features of the revised guidelines include allowing banks to sell such assets to non-banking
finance companies, while earlier only sale to securitization companies/asset reconstruction companies were allowed. The framework
requires using an e-auction platform and has introduced a floor of provisioning for investment in security receipts backed by stressed
assets. The provisioning is at the rate applicable to the underlying loans, assuming that the loans will notionally continue in
the books of the bank, because more than 50.0% of the security receipts are held by the bank that sold loans since April 1, 2017.
The threshold on security receipts held by the bank that is selling loans has been reduced to 10.0% from April 2018. The framework
also prescribes additional disclosure requirements and offering first right of refusal to securitization companies/asset reconstruction
companies which have already acquired a significant share of the asset through the auction process.

Framework for Early
Identification of Stress and Information Sharing

In February
2014, the Reserve Bank of India issued a “Framework for Revitalizing Distressed Assets in the Economy.” The framework
outlined an action plan for early identification of problem cases, creating a central repository of information on large credits,
timely restructuring of accounts which were considered to be viable, and taking prompt steps by banks for recovery or sale of unviable
accounts. Accounts have to be categorized into “special mention accounts” based on specified criteria. Banks are required
to have three sub-categories of special mention accounts depending on the classification of accounts between the standard category
and the sub-standard category. SMA-0 category includes accounts where the principal or interest payment is not overdue for more
than 30 days but are showing incipient signs of stress; SMA-1 includes accounts where the principal or interest payment is overdue
between 31-60 days; and SMA-2 which includes accounts where the principal or interest payment is overdue between 61-90 days.

The framework
required Joint Lenders’ Forums to be formed to formulate corrective action plans within stipulated timelines, and in case
the forum failed to agree on an action plan, it would result in accelerated provisioning. The framework was effective from April
1, 2014 till February 2018. In February 2018, the Reserve Bank of India announced a revised framework for resolution of stressed
assets and withdrew the Joint Lenders’ Forum mechanism. The sub-categories for special mention accounts was revised to include
a single day overdue account in the SMA-0 category. Following the Supreme Court judgement declaring the February 2018 guideline
as unconstitutional, the Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines in June 2019, the Prudential Framework for Resolution
of Stressed Assets. The framework continued with the classification of special mention accounts and required banks to undertake
a review of the borrower within 30 days of a default in the borrower account and enter into an inter-creditor agreement during
the 30-day review period to decide rules for finalization and implementation of the resolution plan. See also “
Overview
of the Indian Financial Sector—Legislative Framework for Recovery of Debts due to Banks
” and “
Overview
of the Indian Financial Sector—Legislative Framework for Recovery of Debts due to Banks—The Banking Regulation (Amendment)
Ordinance, 2017
”.

The Reserve
Bank of India issued guidelines in May 2015 providing a framework for dealing with loan frauds. The guidelines relate to detection,
reporting and monitoring of fraud accounts. They prescribe continuous monitoring and red flagging of accounts based on early warning
signals for accounts above Rs. 500 million. The guidelines also require reporting frauds on the Reserve Bank of India’s central
repository of information on large credits for

264

dissemination to other banks and enabling
decision-making among banks in case of consortium or multiple banking arrangements. The framework also illustrates checks/investigations
during the different stages of the loan life cycle and timelines have been defined to complete the due diligence for evaluation
of an account. Restructuring or grant of additional facilities would not be available in case of fraud or red-flagged accounts.
There are provisioning guidelines relating to fraud accounts that require banks to make a provision for the entire amount due to
the bank over a period of four quarters. Where the provisioning is being made in more than one financial year, banks have to debit
“other reserves” for the amount remaining un-provided at the end of the financial year, and accordingly reverse the
amount in the quarters of the next financial year.

In
February 2018, the Reserve Bank of India announced a Revised Framework for Resolution of Stressed Assets. The guidelines
require banks to identify stressed accounts immediately on default, classify these accounts as special mention accounts
depending on the period of default, report them to the Reserve Bank of India’s large credit database and begin
resolution. The revised framework withdrew the earlier resolution schemes including the Corporate Debt Restructuring Scheme,
Flexible Structuring of Existing Long-Term Project Loans, Strategic Debt Restructuring, Change in Ownership Outside Strategic
Debt Restructuring and the Scheme for Sustainable Structuring of Stressed Assets. It also discontinued the Joint
Lenders’ Forum. In April 2019, the Honorable Supreme Court passed an order declaring the Reserve Bank of India’s
revised framework for resolution of stressed assets as unconstitutional. Subsequently, a revised Prudential Framework for
Resolution of Stressed Assets was announced by the Reserve Bank of India in June 2019, which continued with the withdrawal of
the earlier resolution schemes and the Joint Lenders’ Forum.

Regulations Relating
to Advancing Loans

The provisions
of the Banking Regulation Act govern the advancing of loans by banks in India. The Reserve Bank of India also issues directions
covering the loan activities of banks. These directions and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India have been consolidated
annually in the Master Circular on “
Loans and Advances—Statutory and Other Restrictions
.”

Banks are free
to determine their own lending rates but each bank must disclose its minimum interest rate which takes into consideration all elements
of lending rates that are common across borrowers. The base rate replaced the benchmark prime lending rate as the standard on July
1, 2010 and was applicable for loans made up to March 31, 2016. In April 2014, the Reserve Bank of India’s Working Group
on Pricing of Credit submitted its report proposing to increase transparency and fairness in credit pricing. The committee recommended
that banks should compute the base rate on the basis of marginal cost of funds and there should be a board approved policy delineating
the various components that determine the spread that is charged to a customer. It was further recommended that the spread charged
to a customer cannot be increased except when the credit risk profile of the customer deteriorates. Also, the periodicity of the
interest rate reset should be notified in advance at the time of sanctioning the loan, and any change in interest rates can be
made only on pre-specified dates irrespective of the changes made in the base rate. Banks should be able to demonstrate to the
Reserve Bank of India the rationale of the pricing policy. Based on the recommendations of the committee, in January 2015, the
Reserve Bank of India revised the guidelines on the methodology for calculation of base rate. Banks had the flexibility to choose
the methodology for calculating the cost of funds, the basis for which could include the average cost of funds or marginal cost
of funds. The interest rate on deposits forming part of the calculation, should be chosen for the tenor having the largest share
in the deposit base of the bank. Further, banks were required to review the methodology every three years against the earlier requirement
of five years. These guidelines were effective from February 19, 2015.

In December
2015, the Reserve Bank of India issued final guidelines on the computation of lending rates based on marginal cost of funds. The
Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate is applicable on incremental lending from April 1, 2016 and is a tenor linked benchmark.
The guidelines clarify the methodology to compute the marginal cost of funds based lending rate, which comprises of marginal cost
of funds, negative carry on account of cash reserve ratio, operating costs and tenor premium. The guidelines specified categories
of loans which can be priced without linkage to the marginal cost of funds based lending rate. Banks have to review and publish
their marginal cost of funds based lending rate every month on a preannounced date for different maturities ranging from overnight
rate up to one year. The periodicity of reset shall be one year or lower. Loans linked to the base rate can continue till repayment
or renewal with existing borrowers having the option to move to the marginal cost of funds based lending

265

rate linked loan at mutually acceptable
terms. Interest rates for all floating rate loans and fixed rate loans (including the fixed rate portion of hybrid loans) of tenor
up to three years cannot be less than the marginal cost of funds based lending rate. Further, in September 2017, the Reserve Bank
of India released for public comment a report of an internal study group set up to review the working of the marginal cost of funds
based lending rate system. The report included a proposed revision to the methodology for the pricing of bank loans, and recommended
referencing lending rates to an external benchmark, increasing the periodicity of reset of interest rates to once a quarter and
that banks should migrate all existing lending rates to the new benchmark without any additional charges for switchover within
one year from the introduction of the external benchmark. Final guidelines in this regard are awaited. Further, in February 2018,
in its bimonthly monetary policy statement, the Reserve Bank of India proposed to harmonize the methodology of determining benchmark
rates by linking the base rate to the marginal cost of funds based lending rate. Necessary instructions in this regard are also
awaited.

In December
2018, the Reserve Bank of India in its bi-monthly monetary policy statement had proposed that all new floating rate personal or
retail loans (housing loans, auto loans, etc.) and floating rate loans to micro and small enterprises extended by banks be linked
to an external benchmark which included either the - Reserve Bank of India policy repo rate, Government of India 91 day treasury
bill yield, Government of India 182 days treasury bill yield or any other benchmark market interest rate produced by the Financial
Benchmarks India Private Limited. While this was expected to be applicable from April 1, 2019, further discussions are being held
with stakeholders and final guidelines in this regard are awaited.

Under Section
20(1) of the Banking Regulation Act, a bank cannot grant any loans and advances against the security of its own shares and a banking
company is prohibited from entering into any commitment for granting any loans or advances to or on behalf of any of its directors,
or any firm in which any of its directors is interested as partner, manager, employee or guarantor, or any company (not being a
subsidiary of the banking company or a company registered under Section 25 of the Companies Act or a government company) of which,
or the subsidiary or the holding company of which any of the directors of the bank is a director, managing agent, manager, employee
or guarantor or in which he holds substantial interest, or any individual in respect of whom any of its directors is a partner
or guarantor. There are certain exemptions in this regard as the explanation to the section provides that “loans or advances”
shall not include any transaction which the Reserve Bank of India may specify by general or special order as not being a loan or
advance for the purpose of this section.

There are guidelines
on loans against equity shares in respect of amount, margin requirement and purpose. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
requiring banks to put in place a policy for exposure to real estate with the approval of their boards. The policy should include
exposure limits, collaterals to be considered, collateral cover and margins and credit authorization. The Reserve Bank of India
has also permitted banks to extend financial assistance to Indian companies for acquisition of equity in overseas joint ventures
or wholly owned subsidiaries or in other overseas companies, new or existing, as strategic investment. Banks are not permitted
to finance acquisitions by companies in India. With regard to mortgages, the Reserve Bank of India has imposed a ceiling of 75.0%
on the loan-to-value ratio in respect of housing loans exceeding Rs. 7.5 million. However, small value loans of less than Rs. 3.0
million are permitted to have a loan-to-value ratio not exceeding 90.0% subject to appropriate risk weight and loans above Rs.
3.0 million and up to Rs. 7.5 million can have a loan-to-value ratio of 80% subject to appropriate risk weight.

For loans where
the cost of the house/dwelling unit is less than Rs. 1.0 million, the Reserve Bank of India has allowed banks to include stamp
duty, registration and other documentation charges to the cost of the house/dwelling unit for the purpose of calculating the loan-to-value
ratio from March 2015.

In November
2012, the Reserve Bank of India issued instructions regarding sharing of information relating to credit, derivatives and unhedged
foreign currency exposures among banks and to put in place an effective mechanism for information sharing. Also, from January 1,
2013, sanction of fresh loans and renewal of loans to new and existing borrowers should be done only after obtaining/sharing necessary
information. In September 2013, the Reserve Bank of India announced the creation of a central repository of large common exposures
across banks, to be based on submissions made by banks to the Reserve Bank of India on exposures of more than Rs. 100 million to
individuals and entities. Subsequently, the limit was reduced to Rs. 50 million and above.

266

In view of
the stress in the Indian banking sector, the Reserve Bank of India announced several schemes for resolution of stressed corporate
accounts and provided special dispensation with regard to asset classification for accounts under these schemes. With regard to
project loans, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines for flexible structuring of existing long-term project loans. Under
the scheme for flexible structuring of long-term project loans to infrastructure and other core industries, banks were permitted
to structure long-term project loans with the intent of refinancing these loans at periodic intervals without such refinancing
being considered as restructuring. Such loans could have tenors linked to the economic life of the project and could extend up
to 25 years and the fundamental viability of the project could be established on the basis of all requisite financial and non-financial
parameters. The amortization schedule of the loans could be modified once during the course of the loan without classifying them
as restructured loans provided they met certain specific requirements, such as being a standard asset with no loss on the net present
value and the debt amortization is scheduled within 85.0% of the economic life of the project. While the flexible structuring of
long-term project loans was initially applicable to the infrastructure sector and other core industries, this flexibility was extended
to loans in all sectors from November 2016. In February 2018, the Reserve Bank of India announced a revised framework for resolution
of stressed assets withdrawing the resolution schemes announced earlier. In April 2019, the Honorable Supreme Court passed an order
declaring the Reserve Bank of India’s revised framework for resolution of stressed assets announced in February 2018 as unconstitutional.
Subsequently, a revised Prudential Framework for Resolution of Stressed Assets was announced by the Reserve Bank of India in June
2019, which continued with the withdrawal status of the resolution schemes announced earlier.

In December
2018, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines for delivery of bank credit. According to the guidelines, for borrowers having
an aggregate fund-based working capital limit of Rs. 1.5 billion and above from the banking system, a minimum loan component of
40.0% on the fund-based working capital limits would be applicable from April 1, 2019, and would be revised to 60.0% from July
1, 2019. Drawing in excess of the minimum loan component threshold would be allowed in the form of cash credit/overdraft facility.
The amount and tenor of the loan component may be fixed by banks in consultation with the borrowers, subject to the tenor of the
loan component not being less than 7 days. Effective from April 1, 2019, mandatory credit conversion factor of 20.0% on the undrawn
portion of cash credit/overdraft facility will be applicable, irrespective of whether the facility is unconditionally cancellable
or not. This guideline will be applicable to both existing and new relationships.

Directed
Lending

Priority
Sector Lending

The guidelines
on lending to priority sector require commercial banks to lend a certain percentage of their adjusted net bank credit to specific
sectors (the priority sectors), such as agriculture, micro and small enterprises, micro-credit, education and housing finance.
The target for total priority sector advances is set at 40.0% of adjusted net bank credit (which is net bank credit plus those
investments made by banks in non-statutory liquidity bonds/debentures that are included in the held-to-maturity category, investments
eligible to be treated as priority sector, investments in eligible government funds on account of priority sector shortfall, outstanding
priority sector lending certificates excluding long-term bonds for infrastructure and affordable housing eligible for exemptions,
and eligible advances extended in India against the incremental foreign currency deposits qualifying for exemption from CRR/SLR
requirement) or of the credit equivalent amount of off balance sheet exposure, whichever is higher as of March 31 of the previous
fiscal year. Banks falling short of their priority sector lending targets are required to contribute amounts equivalent to the
shortfall to specific Government of India funds like the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund, established by the National Bank
for Agriculture and Rural Development, or funds with other financial institutions.

The Reserve
Bank of India released revised priority sector lending guidelines in April 2015 which have been applicable since fiscal 2016. The
overall target for priority sector lending continue to be 40.0% of adjusted net bank credit or of the credit equivalent amount
of off-balance sheet exposure, whichever is higher; earlier sub-targets in advances to the agricultural sector of 13.5% direct
lending and 4.5% indirect lending were combined and sub-targets of 8.0% for lending to small and marginal farmers and further a
7.5% lending target to micro enterprises were introduced. Sectors qualifying for priority sector lending have been broadened to
include medium-sized enterprises, social infrastructure and renewable energy. Priority sector lending achievements are being evaluated
on a quarterly average basis from fiscal 2017. Further, in July 2015, the Reserve Bank of India directed banks to maintain direct
lending to non-corporate farmers at the banking system’s average level for the last three years, failing which banks will
attract penalties for shortfall. The Reserve Bank of India would notify the banks of the banking system’s average level at
the beginning of each year. The target for fiscal 2019 has been set at 11.99% of adjusted net bank credit. The Reserve Bank of
India has also directed banks to continue to pursue the target of 13.5% of adjusted net bank credit towards lending to borrowers
who constituted the direct agriculture lending category under the earlier guidelines.

267

In June 2018,
the Reserve Bank of India with a view to promote the low-cost or affordable housing segment, enhanced the housing loan limits for
eligibility under priority sector to Rs. 3.5 million in metropolitan centres and to Rs. 2.5 million in other centres provided the
overall cost of the dwelling did not exceed Rs. 4.5 million and Rs. 3.0 million, respectively. Further, in December 2018, Reserve
Bank of India has clarified that the enhanced criteria can be reckoned for the purpose of classification of existing portfolio
of housing loans under priority sector lending with effect from June 19, 2018.

Investments
by banks in securitized assets, outright purchases of loans and assignments are eligible for classification under priority sector
if the underlying assets themselves qualified for such treatment. The interest rates charged to ultimate borrowers by the originating
entities in such transactions are capped for such transactions to be classified as priority sector.

Banks falling
short of their priority sector lending targets are required to contribute amounts equivalent to the shortfall to specific Government
of India funds. The contribution is made by subscribing to bonds issued with a maturity of up to seven years. The interest rates
on these contributions are below market rates and are generally set depending on the bank rate as set by the Reserve Bank of India.
In May 2014, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines allowing banks to include the outstanding mandated investments in these
Government of India funds at March 31 of the fiscal year to be counted towards overall
priority sector target achievement. Investments at March 31 of the preceding year would also be included in the adjusted net bank
credit which forms the base for computation of the priority sector and sub segment lending requirements. In December 2014, the
Reserve Bank of India restructured the classification of shortfall and interest rates payable to banks on funds placed with the
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development, the Small Industries Development Bank of India, the National Housing Bank
and MUDRA Limited towards shortfall in meeting priority sector obligations. For accounting periods commencing April 1, 2015, amounts
equivalent to the shortfall placed with specific Government of India funds is included under Schedule 11, under “other assets”
in the balance sheet of banks from the earlier categorization under investments.

In April 2016,
the Reserve Bank of India allowed banks to trade their priority sector portfolio by selling or buying priority sector lending certificates.
Scheduled commercial banks, regional rural banks, local area banks, small finance banks and urban cooperative banks can participate
in this trade. Four types of certificates for the categories of agriculture, small and marginal farmers, microenterprises and general
category certificates have been allowed. There will be no transfer of risks or loan assets in these transactions. A bank can issue
priority sector lending certificates up to 50.0% of the previous year’s priority sector lending achievement. The certificates
will expire on March 31 and will not be valid beyond the last reporting date for the fiscal year. The calculation of priority sector
lending would be the sum of the outstanding priority sector lending portfolio and the net priority sector lending certificates
issued and purchased.

In fiscal 2015,
the Reserve Bank of India allowed banks to issue long-term bonds for financing infrastructure and low-cost housing. The amount
raised by way of these bonds is permitted to be excluded from adjusted net bank credit for the purpose of computing priority sector
lending targets, except to the extent that the lending against these bonds is included in priority sector lending. Further, in
September 2018, the Reserve Bank of India allowed commercial banks, to engage with a non-deposit taking, systematically important
non-banking finance company to co-originate loans for the creation of priority sector assets. It involves joint contribution of
credit by both lenders and also sharing of risks and rewards between the bank and the non-banking financial company. Banks can
claim priority sector status in respect of their share of credit.

With a view to promote the adequate flow of credit to the micro and small enterprises, in April 2014 the
Reserve Bank of India advised banks to provide differential interest rates for such borrowers. While pricing the loan, banks have
to take into account incentives made available to micro and small enterprises in the form of credit

268

guarantee cover
and the zero risk weight applicable to such guaranteed loans for capital adequacy purposes. In July 2016, the Reserve Bank of India
issued directions for lending to the micro, small and medium-sized enterprises sector which take into consideration the recommendations
of the Prime Minister’s Task Force on lending to micro, small and medium-sized enterprises. As per the recommendations, banks
are required to achieve 20.0% year-on-year growth in credit to micro and small enterprises, 10.0% growth in the number of micro
enterprises account and 60.0% of total lending to micro and small sector as on the corresponding quarter of the previous year to
micro enterprises.

As per the
Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises, the Government of India, the classification of an enterprise as micro, small
or medium, is based on the investment in plant and machinery by the enterprise. The original price of the plant and machinery should
be taken into account irrespective of whether they were acquired new or second hand. In July 2017, the Reserve Bank of India, referring
to the memorandum of the Ministry of Micro, Small, and Medium-Sized Enterprises issued in March, 2017, stated that for ascertaining
the investment in plant and machinery for classification of an enterprise as micro, small or medium, the following documents could
be relied upon:

•   a copy of the invoice of the purchase of plant and
machinery; or

•   gross block for investment in plant and machinery
as shown in the audited accounts; or

•   a certificate issued by a Chartered Accountant regarding
purchase price of plant and machinery.

Further, it
was also clarified that the purchase value of the plant and machinery is to be reckoned and not the book value (purchase value
minus depreciation) for classification. Banks have accordingly aligned their classification of enterprises as small, micro or medium
based on the clarification issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

Export Credit

The Reserve
Bank of India allows exporters to avail short-term working capital financing at internationally comparable interest rates. Export
credit is available both in rupee as well as in foreign currency. This enables exporters to have access to an internationally competitive
financing option. Pursuant to existing guidelines, 12.0% of a bank’s adjusted net bank credit is required to be in the form
of export credit. This target is in addition to the priority sector lending target of 40.0% of adjusted net bank credit. We provide
export credit for pre-shipment and post-shipment requirements of exporter borrowers in rupees and foreign currencies. In May 2014,
the Reserve Bank of India allowed exporters with a satisfactory track record of at least three years to receive long-term export
advance at concessional rates for execution of long-term supply contracts up to a maximum period of 10 years.

Responsibilities
of Chief Risk Officer

As part of
steps taken to strengthen risk management in banks, in April 2017, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines which aimed to separate
credit risk management function from the credit sanction process and also bring uniformity in the approach followed by banks. As
per the guidelines, a Board approved policy defining the role and responsibilities of the Chief Risk Officer has to be established,
with clearly defined reporting lines either to the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer or the risk management committee of
the bank. The Chief Risk Officer should not have a dual role, report into any business vertical or be given any business targets.
The Chief Risk Officer can be removed or transferred only with the approval of the Board.

Credit
Exposure Limits

As a prudential
measure aimed at better risk management and avoidance of concentration of credit risks, the Reserve Bank of India has prescribed
credit exposure limits for banks and long-term lending institutions in respect of their lending to individual borrowers and to
all companies in a single group (or sponsor group). These measures are consolidated in the Reserve Bank of India’s Master
Circular on exposure norms dated July 1, 2015. The limits as per the Master circular on exposure norms are as follows:

•	    The exposure ceiling
for a single borrower is 15.0% of capital funds and group exposure limit is 40.0% of capital funds. In case of financing for infrastructure
projects, the exposure limit to a single

269

borrower may be extended by
another 5.0% (i.e., up to 20.0% of capital funds) and the group exposure limit may be extended by another 10.0% (i.e., up to 50.0%
of capital funds). The exposure limit in respect of single borrower has been raised to 25.0% of capital funds only for oil companies
that were issued oil bonds by the Government of India. Banks may, in exceptional circumstances, with the approval of their board
of directors, consider enhancement of the exposure to a borrower up to a maximum of further 5.0% of capital funds, subject to the
borrower consenting to the banks making appropriate disclosures in their annual reports.

•	    Exposures to public
sector undertakings are exempted from group exposure limits.

•	    Capital funds are
the total capital as defined under capital adequacy norms (Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital).

•	    Exposure shall include
credit exposure (funded and non-funded credit limits) and investment exposure (including underwriting and similar commitments).
Non-fund-based exposures are calculated at 100.0% and in addition, banks need to include exposure on account of forward contracts
in foreign exchange and other derivative products, like currency swaps and options, computed in accordance with the current exposure
method at their replacement cost value in determining individual or group borrower exposure ceilings.

The Reserve
Bank of India requires banks to fix internal limits of exposure to specific sectors. These limits are subject to periodic review
by the banks. We have fixed a ceiling of 15.0% on our exposure to any one industry (other than retail loans) and monitor our exposures
accordingly.

As an interim
measure to promote a central clearing of standardized over-the-counter derivative products through a central counterparty, in January
2014 the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines allowing a bank’s clearing exposure to qualifying central counterparties
to be outside of the ceiling of 15.0% of its capital funds applicable to a single counterparty. Other exposures to qualifying central
counterparties such as loans, credit lines, investments in the capital of central counterparty, liquidity facilities, etc. would
continue to be within the existing ceiling of 15.0% of capital funds to a single counterparty. However, all exposures of a bank
to a non-qualifying central counterparty should be within the exposure ceiling of 15.0%.

In August 2016,
the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines proposing limits on the banking system’s exposure to large borrowers and recommending
higher standard asset provisioning and risk weights on incremental exposures beyond the normally permitted lending limits. According
to the guidelines, a borrower having an aggregate fund-based credit limit of Rs. 250.0 billion at any time during fiscal 2018 will
be considered a specified borrower. This limit will be gradually reduced to Rs. 150.0 billion in fiscal 2019 and to Rs. 100.0 billion
from fiscal 2020 onwards. The normally permitted lending limit is defined as an amount that is 50.0% of the incremental funds raised
over and above the aggregate fund-based credit limit. The general provision required on the incremental exposure above the normally
permitted lending limit would be 3.0% and the additional risk weight for such exposure over and above the applicable risk weight
would be 75.0%. The framework became applicable from April 1, 2017 with respect to identification of specified borrowers. The disincentive
mechanism in terms of additional provisioning and higher risk weights was applicable from April 1, 2018.

Further,
in December 2016, the Reserve Bank of India issued additional final guidelines to large borrowers effective from April 1, 2019.
The framework prescribes a limit of 20.0% and 25.0% of the eligible capital base in respect of exposures to single counterparty
and groups of connected counterparties. The eligible capital base is defined as the Tier 1 capital of the bank as against the current
norm of total capital funds. Exposure to single non-banking finance company and group of connected non-banking finance companies
is restricted to 15.0% and 25.0%, respectively, of the eligible capital base. In April 2019, the Reserve Bank of India exempted

non-centrally cleared derivatives exposures from the purview of the framework till
April 1, 2020. In June 2019, the Reserve Bank of India introduced an economic interdependence criteria in the definition of connected
counterparties which is applicable from April 1, 2020.

270

In November
2017, the Reserve Bank of India made it mandatory for large corporate borrowers having total exposure of Rs. 50 million and above
in the banking system to obtain a legal entity identifier registration. A borrower who does not obtain the legal entity identifier
within the specified timelines will not be eligible for renewal/enhancement of credit facilities. In November 2018, instructions
were issued on requirement of legal entity identifier even in participation in non-derivative markets.

Limits
on intra-group transaction and exposures

In February
2014, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on management of intra-group transactions and exposures for financial conglomerates.
The guidelines prescribe quantitative limits for intra-group financial transactions and prudential measures for non-financial transactions.
The Reserve Bank of India has prescribed a single group entity exposure limit of 5.0% of paid-up capital and reserves of the bank
for non-financial companies and unregulated financial services companies and 10.0% in case of regulated financial entities. The
aggregate group exposure cannot exceed 20.0% of paid-up capital and reserves in case of all group entities (financial and non-financial)
taken together and 10.0% in case of all non-financial companies and unregulated financial services companies taken together. Banks’
exposures to other banks/financial institutions in the group in the form of equity and other capital instruments are exempted from
above limits. In case a bank’s current intra-group exposure is more than the limits stipulated in the guidelines, it should
bring down the exposure within the limits before March 31, 2016. If the exposure exceeds the permissible limits after March 31,
2016, the excess amount would be deducted from common equity Tier 1 capital of the bank.

Regulations Relating
to Investments and Capital Market Exposure Limits

In terms of
Section 19(2) of the Banking Regulation Act, banks should not hold shares in any company except as provided in subsection (1) of
that Act, whether as pledgee, mortgagee or absolute owner, of an amount exceeding 30.0% of the paid-up share capital of that company
or 30.0% of its own paid-up share capital and reserves, whichever is less. Further, in terms of Section 19(3) of the Banking Regulation
Act, banks should not hold shares, whether as pledgee, mortgagee or absolute owner, in any company in the management of which any
managing director or manager of the bank is in any manner concerned or interested.

The Reserve
Bank of India guidelines on capital market exposures stipulate that a bank’s exposure to capital markets in all forms (both
fund-based and non-fund-based) by way of investments in shares, convertible bonds/debentures, units of equity oriented mutual funds,
loans against shares, and secured and unsecured advances to stock brokers, should not exceed 40.0% of its net worth on both a stand-alone
and consolidated basis as of March 31 of the previous year. Within this overall limit, direct investments in shares, convertible
bonds/debentures, and units of equity oriented mutual funds and all exposures to venture capital funds have been restricted to
20.0% of their net worth on both a stand-alone and consolidated basis. Further, in July 2011, the Reserve Bank of India stipulated
that a bank’s investments in liquid schemes of debt oriented mutual funds are subject to a prudential cap of 10.0% of the
bank’s net worth as of March 31 of the previous year. The above guidelines are also applicable at a consolidated level.

Investment
by banks in specified instruments which are issued by other banks or financial institutions and are eligible for capital status
for the investee bank/financial institution should not exceed 10.0% of the investing bank’s capital funds. Further, the banks/financial
institutions should not acquire any fresh stake in a bank’s equity shares, if by such acquisition, the investing bank’s
or financial institution’s holding exceeds 5.0% of the investee bank’s equity capital. The guidelines earlier required
banks to obtain prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India for equity investment in a company engaged in the financial sector
which was revised in September 2015 and the requirement for Reserve Bank of India’s approval was removed subject to prescribed
conditions.

The Reserve
Bank of India has issued detailed guidelines on investments by banks in non-statutory liquidity ratio securities. These guidelines
apply to primary market subscriptions and secondary market purchases. Pursuant to these guidelines, banks are prohibited from investing
in non-statutory liquidity ratio securities with an original maturity of less than one year, other than commercial paper, certificates
of deposit and certain non-convertible debentures with original or initial maturity of up to one year issued by corporations and
non-banking finance

271

companies. Banks are also prohibited
from investing in unrated securities. A bank’s investment in unlisted non-statutory liquidity ratio securities may not exceed
10.0% of its total investment in non-statutory liquidity ratio securities at the end of the preceding fiscal year. However, the
bank’s investments in unlisted non-statutory liquidity ratio securities may exceed the 10.0% limit by an additional 10.0%,
provided the investment is in securitization papers issued for infrastructure projects and bonds/debentures issued by securitization
companies and reconstruction companies set up under the SARFAESI Act and registered with the Reserve Bank of India. In December
2007, the Reserve Bank of India also permitted banks to invest in unrated bonds of corporations engaged in infrastructure activities
within the ceiling of 10.0% for unlisted non-statutory liquidity ratio securities in order to encourage flow of credit to the infrastructure
sector.

In order
to promote the adequate credit flow to infrastructure projects, the Reserve Bank of India permitted banks to issue long-term
bonds for financing infrastructure projects and low-cost housing in July 2014. These bonds must have a minimum maturity of
seven years, and they are exempt from reserve requirements such as cash reserve ratio and statutory liquidity ratio. They are
also permitted to be deducted from adjusted net bank credit for the purpose of priority sector lending targets. Banks were
earlier not allowed to invest in the bonds issued by other banks. In June 2015, however, the Reserve Bank of India permitted
banks to invest in bonds issued by other banks. These investments are subject to certain conditions including (i) investments
in these bonds are not considered for the purpose of calculation of net demand and time liabilities, (ii) they are not held
under the held-to-maturity category, (iii) a bank’s investment in these bonds cannot exceed 2.0% of its Tier 1 capital
or 5.0% of the issue size, and (iv) an investing bank’s aggregate holding in such bonds will be capped at 10.0% of its
total non-statutory liquidity ratio investments.

In November
2016, the Reserve Bank of India allowed banks to raise funds through issuance of rupee denominated bonds overseas. The Reserve
Bank of India has permitted banks to issue perpetual debt instruments that can qualify for inclusion as additional Tier 1 capital
and debt capital instruments that can qualify for inclusion as Tier 2 capital, by way of rupee denominated bonds in the overseas
market, and long-term bonds for financing infrastructure and affordable housing projects. Further, in June 2017, the Reserve Bank
of India, with a view to harmonize various elements of the external commercial borrowing framework, decided that any proposal of
borrowing by eligible Indian entities by issuance of rupee denominated bonds will be examined at the Foreign Exchange Department,
Central Office, Mumbai of the Reserve Bank of India.

In
January 2019, the rupee denominated bonds were brought under the purview of rupee denominated External Commercial Borrowings (ECB).
Accordingly, the rupee denominated bonds can now be issued by eligible borrowers under automatic or approval route as per the applicable
conditions of ECB.

In April 2017,
the Reserve Bank of India permitted banks to participate in Real Estate Investment Trusts and Infrastructure Investment Trusts
within the overall ceiling of 20.0% of a bank’s net worth permitted for direct investments in shares, convertible bonds/debentures,
units of equity-oriented mutual funds and exposures to venture capital funds.

Further, the
total investment by banks in liquid or short-term debt schemes of mutual funds with weighted average maturity of portfolio of not
more than one year is subject to a prudential cap of 10.0% of their net worth as at March 31 of the previous year. A 125.0% risk
weight is assigned to all capital market exposures.

Banks’ Investment Classification
and Valuation Norms

The key features
of the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on categorization and valuation of banks’ investment portfolio are given below.

•	    The entire investment
portfolio is required to be classified under three categories: (a) held-to-maturity, (b) held-for-trading and (c) available-for-sale.
Held-to-maturity includes securities so classified in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines; held-for-trading includes
securities acquired with the intention of being traded to take advantage of the short-term price/interest rate movements; and

272

available-for-sale includes
securities not included in held-to-maturity and held-for-trading. Banks should decide the category of investment at the time of
acquisition.

•	    The held-to-maturity
category can include statutory liquidity ratio securities up to a specified percentage of the demand and time liabilities and certain
non-statutory liquidity ratio securities, including fresh recapitalization bonds received from the Government of India towards
recapitalization requirement and held in the investment portfolio, investment in the equity of subsidiaries and joint ventures
and investment in long-term bonds (with a minimum residual maturity of seven years) issued by companies engaged in infrastructure
activities. The minimum residual maturity of seven years should be at the time of investment in these bonds. Once invested, banks
may continue to classify these investments under the held-to-maturity category even if the residual maturity falls below seven
years subsequently. However, banks’ investments in long-term bonds issued by other banks for their financing of infrastructure
and affordable housing loans are not to be held in the held-to-maturity category.

•	    Banks are permitted
to exceed the limit of 25.0% of total investment under the held-to-maturity category provided the excess comprises only of statutory
liquidity ratio securities, and the total statutory liquidity ratio securities held in the category is not more than 20.0% by December
31, 2017 and 19.50% by March 31, 2018 of the net demand and time liabilities.

•	    Profit or loss on
the sale of investments in both held-for-trading and available-for-sale categories are taken in the income statement. Profit on
the sale of investments in the held-to-maturity category, net of tax and statutory reserve, is appropriated to the capital reserve
account after being taken in the income statement. Loss on any sale is recognized in the income statement.

•	    The market price of
the security available from the stock exchange, the price of securities in subsidiary general ledger transactions, the Reserve
Bank of India price list or prices declared by Primary Dealers Association of India jointly with the Fixed Income Money Market
and Derivatives Association of India serves as the “market value” for investments in available-for-sale and held-for-trading
securities. In June 2018, the Reserve Bank of India has proposed that the securities issued by state governments be valued at the
price at which they are traded in the market in the case of traded securities, and for non-traded securities at the state-specific
weighted average spread over the yield of Indian central government securities of equivalent maturity as observed in primary auctions.
Final guidelines in this regard have not yet been released.

•	    Investments under
the held-for-trading category should be sold within 90 days; in the event of inability to sell due to adverse factors including
tight liquidity, extreme volatility or a unidirectional movement in the market, the unsold securities should be shifted to the
available-for-sale category.

•	    Investments may be
shifted from or to held-to-maturity with the approval of the board of directors once a year, normally at the beginning of the accounting
year; shifting of investments from available-for-sale to held-for-trading may be done with the approval of the board of directors,
the Asset Liability Management Committee or the Investment Committee; shifting from held-for-trading to available-for-sale is generally
not permitted. Since August 2010, the Reserve Bank of India has mandated that, with regard to sales and transfers of securities
from or to the held-to-maturity category, if the value of sales exceeds 5.0% of the book value of the investment held in the held-to-maturity
category at the beginning of the year, the market value of the investment will have to be disclosed in the notes to the financial
accounts in the annual report along with the excess book value over market value for which a provision was not made.

Held-to-maturity
securities need not be marked-to-market and are carried at acquisition cost, unless it is more than the face value, in which case
the premium should be amortized over the period remaining to maturity. Investments under available-for-sale category are marked-to-market
at quarterly intervals or at more frequent intervals and held-for-trading securities valued at market at monthly intervals or at
more frequent intervals and provided for as in the case of those in the available for sale category. Depreciation or appreciation
for each basket

273

within the available-for-sale and
held-for-trading categories is aggregated. Net appreciation in each basket, if any, which is not realized, is ignored, while net
depreciation is provided for. In fiscal 2018, following the sharp increase in yields of government securities towards the latter
part of the year, the Reserve Bank of India gave banks the option to spread the mark-to-market losses in the held-for-trading and
available-for-sale portfolio equally over four quarters. This was allowed for losses incurred over any of the three months ended
December 2017, March 2018 and June 2018.

Investments
in security receipts or pass through certificates issued by asset reconstruction companies or trusts set up by asset reconstruction
companies should be valued at the lower of: (a) the redemption value of the security receipts or pass through certificates; and
(b) the net book value (defined as book value less provisions held) of the financial asset. However, if the instrument issued by
securitization/asset reconstruction companies is limited to the actual realization of the financial asset assigned to the instrument,
the net asset value should be obtained from the securitization/asset reconstruction companies for valuation of the investments.

On December
19, 2013, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines permitting banks to participate in interest rate futures for the dual purpose
of hedging the risk in the underlying investment portfolio and to take a trading position. However, banks are not allowed to undertake
transactions in interest rate futures on behalf of their clients.

With the aim
of building adequate reserves to protect against sudden increase in yields, in April 2018 the Reserve Bank of India advised banks
to create an Investment Fluctuation Reserve effective from the start of fiscal 2019. A minimum amount equal to either the net profit
on sale of investments during the year or net profit for the year excluding mandatory appropriations, whichever is lower, would
have to be transferred to the Investment Fluctuation Reserve. The amount in the Investment Fluctuation Reserve should cover at
least 2.0% of the held-for-trading and available-for-sale portfolio, on a continuing basis. Where feasible, this requirement should
be achieved within a period of three years. The Investment Fluctuation Reserve would be eligible for inclusion in tier 2 capital.
In case the balance in the Investment Fluctuation Reserve is in excess of the minimum requirement of 2.0% of the held-for-trading
and available-for-sale portfolio, banks can drawdown the excess amount at the end of the accounting year. If the balance is less
than the minimum requirement, drawdown would be permitted only on meeting the minimum common equity tier 1/tier 1 capital requirements
and cannot exceed the extent by which mark-to-market provisions surpass the net profit on sale of investments during the year.

Limit
on Transactions through Individual Brokers

Guidelines
issued by the Reserve Bank of India require banks to appoint brokers for transactions in securities. These guidelines also require
that a disproportionate part of the bank’s business should not be transacted only through one broker or a few brokers. If
for any reason this limit is breached, the Reserve Bank of India has stipulated that the board of directors of the bank should
be informed on a half yearly basis of such occurrence and ratify such action.

Prohibition
on Short-Selling

The Reserve
Bank of India permits scheduled commercial banks and primary dealers to undertake short sale of Indian central government dated
securities, subject to the short position being covered within a maximum period of three months. The short selling entity has to
ordinarily borrow securities from the repo market, in exceptional situations of market stress (e.g. short squeeze), it can deliver
securities from its own held-to-maturity/available for sale/held-for-trading portfolios. All ‘notional’ short sales
have to be closed by an outright purchase in the market and the securities so borrowed have to be brought back to the same portfolio,
without any change in book value.

In February
2015, the Reserve Bank of India permitted re-repo of government securities, including state development loans and treasury bills,
acquired under reverse repo subject to prescribed conditions. In May 2016, the Reserve Bank of India also permitted re-repo of
securities received under its Liquidity Adjustment Facility with market participants. In June 2018, the Reserve Bank of India proposed
to liberalise the eligible short sale participants and also relax the entity-wise and security category wise limits for short-selling
in government securities. Final guidelines in this regard were issued on July 25, 2018. These guidelines, inter alia, set out security
level limits on short sales, operational requirements, and reporting and internal control policies. The Reserve Bank of India guidelines
supersede all existing regulations on short selling of government securities.

274

Introduction
of Credit Default Swaps for Corporate Bonds

In fiscal 2012,
the Reserve Bank of India introduced credit default swaps on corporate bonds. Banks are allowed to undertake such transactions,
both as market makers as well as users. Commercial banks are eligible to act as market makers provided they fulfill the criteria
of a minimum 11.0% capital adequacy ratio with a Tier 1 ratio of at least 7.0%, and a net non-performing assets ratio of less than
3.0%. Banks’ net credit exposures on account of credit default swaps cannot exceed 10.0% of the investment portfolio of unlisted/unrated
bonds.

Credit default
swaps were earlier allowed only on listed corporate bonds and unlisted but rated bonds of infrastructure companies. In January
2013, this was expanded to include unlisted but rated corporate bonds. Further, credit default swaps were permitted on securities
with original maturities of up to one year such as commercial paper, certificates of deposit, and non-convertible debentures with
original maturities of less than one year.

Subsidiaries
and Other Financial and Non-financial Sector Investments

Banks need
prior permission of the Reserve Bank of India to incorporate a subsidiary. Banks are required to maintain an “arm’s-length”
relationship with our subsidiaries and with mutual funds sponsored by us in regard to business parameters such as not taking undue
advantage in borrowing/ lending funds, transferring/selling/buying of securities at rates other than market rates, giving special
consideration for securities transactions, in supporting/financing the subsidiary or financing our clients through them when we
are not able or not permitted to do so ourselves. Banks have to observe the prudential norms stipulated by the Reserve Bank of
India, from time to time, in respect of our underwriting commitments. Pursuant to such prudential norms, our underwriting or the
underwriting commitment of our subsidiaries under any single obligation shall not exceed 15.0% of an issue.

Under the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, a bank’s equity investments in a subsidiary company, or a financial services company (including
a financial institution, a stock or other exchange or a depository) which is not a subsidiary, should not exceed 10.0% of the bank’s
paid-up share capital and reserves and the total investments made in all subsidiaries and all non-subsidiary financial services
companies should not exceed 20.0% of the bank’s paid-up share capital and reserves. However, the cap of 20.0% does not apply,
nor is the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India required, if investments in financial services companies are held under
the “held-for-trading” category, and are not held beyond 90 days. The Reserve Bank of India has advised that they may
seek prior approval of the regulator in case the 20.0% limit is likely to be breached on account of any fresh investment in subsidiaries/joint
ventures.

In September
2015, the Reserve Bank of India advised that banks which have a capital adequacy ratio of 10.0% or more and have also made net
profits as of March 31 of the previous year need not approach the Reserve Bank of India for prior approval for equity investments
in financial service companies where after such investment, the holding of the bank remains less than 10.0% of the investee company’s
paid-up capital, and the holding of the bank, along with its subsidiaries or joint ventures or entities, continues to remain less
than 20.0% of the investee company’s paid-up capital. In September 2017, this requirement of capital adequacy ratio was replaced
with minimum prescribed capital including capital conservation buffer.

Under the Reserve
Bank of India regulations, a bank’s equity investments in companies engaged in non-financial services activities are subject
to a limit of 10.0% of the investee company’s paid-up share capital or 10.0% of the bank’s paid-up share capital and
reserves, whichever is less. For the purpose of this limit, equity investments held under the held-for-trading category are included.

Investments within these limits would
not require prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. Equity investments in any non-financial services company held by a bank,
or entities which are bank’s subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures, and mutual funds managed by asset management companies
controlled by the bank should in the aggregate not exceed 20.0% of the investee company’s paid-up share capital. Any investment
by a bank in excess of 10.0% of the investee company’s paid-up share capital, but not exceeding 30.0%, requires the approval
of the Reserve Bank of India.

275

A bank may
hold equity in excess of 10.0% of a non-financial services investee company’s paid-up capital without the prior approval
of the Reserve Bank of India if the additional acquisition is made through a restructuring of debt or corporate debt restructuring,
strategic debt restructuring or is acquired by the bank in order to protect its interest on loans/investments made in a company.
However, banks have to submit to the Reserve Bank of India a time bound action plan for disposal of such shares within a specified
period.

Banks can make
investments up to 10.0% of the unit capital of a Real Estate Investment Trust/ Infrastructure Investment Trust subject to an overall
ceiling of 20.0% of its net worth. Investments are permitted for direct investments in shares, convertible bonds/debentures, units
of equity-oriented mutual funds and exposures to Alternative Investment Funds. Banks are also permitted to invest up to 10.0% of
the paid up capital/unit capital in a Category I/Category II Alternative Investment Fund. Investment by banks in category III Alternative
Investment Fund is prohibited and investment by a bank’s subsidiary in a Category III Alternative Investment Fund is subject
to the regulatory minimum prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India.

The Reserve
Bank of India has permitted banks to become a Clearing Member of the commodity derivatives segment of recognized exchanges of the
Securities and Exchange Board of India subject to satisfying prudential norms and offering broking services only through a separate
subsidiary set up for the purpose or one of its existing subsidiaries and fulfilling the terms and conditions mentioned in the
master direction on financial services provided by banks.

Regulations Relating
to Securitization of Loans

With a view
to developing an orderly and healthy securitization market, and aligning originators’ and investors’ interests, the
Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on securitization in May 2012. Under the guidelines, all on-balance sheet standard assets
are eligible for securitization, except for revolving credit facilities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and
loans with bullet repayment of both principal and interest (other than specifically permitted). Loans must also meet a minimum
holding period requirement, based on the tenor and repayment frequency of the loan, in order to be eligible for securitization.
A minimum retention requirement is prescribed so that the originating banks have a continuing stake in the performance of the securitized
assets. The total exposure of banks to the securitized loans cannot exceed 20.0% of the total securitized instruments, and any
exposure in excess of this limit must be risk weighted at 1,250%.

Regulations Relating
to Deposits

The Reserve
Bank of India has permitted banks to independently determine interest rates offered on term deposits. However, banks cannot pay
interest on current account deposits. Interest rates payable on savings deposits were regulated until October 2011. In October
2011, the Reserve Bank of India deregulated the savings account interest rate, allowing a uniform interest rate to be paid on deposits
up to Rs. 100,000 and permitting differential rates for deposits of over Rs. 100,000, depending on the amount in the account.

The Reserve
Bank of India guidelines require that payment of interest be calculated on savings bank account deposits on daily product basis.

Domestic time
deposits and rupee-denominated non-resident ordinary accounts have a minimum maturity of seven days. Rupee denominated non-resident
external rupee accounts have a minimum maturity of one year. Time deposits from non-resident Indians denominated in foreign currency
have a minimum maturity of one year and a maximum maturity of five years.

Banks are allowed
to offer differential rates of interests on domestic deposits of the same maturity subject to the following conditions:

•	    bulk deposits are
of Rs. 10 million and above. In February 2019, the Reserve Bank of India revised the definition of bulk deposits from Rs 10 million
to Rs. 20 million and

276

•	    interest on deposits
is paid in accordance with the schedule of interest rates disclosed in advance by the bank and not pursuant to negotiation between
the depositor and the bank. Banks are required to maintain the bulk deposit interest rate card in their core banking system to
facilitate supervisory review.

. In April
2015, the Reserve Bank of India allowed banks to introduce the feature of early withdrawal facility in a term deposit as a distinguishing
feature for offering differential rates of interest. All term deposits of individuals of Rs. 1.5 million and below should, necessarily,
have premature withdrawal facility. For all other term deposits, customers should be given the option to choose between term deposits
either with or without premature withdrawal facility. Banks will be required to disclose in advance the schedule of interest rates
payable on deposits.

Interest rates
on non-resident foreign currency term deposits of one to three years and three to five years are linked to the LIBOR/SWAP rates
for the U.S. dollar of corresponding maturity. The rate is periodically prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. With effect from
March 1, 2014, interest rates on FCNR (B) deposits of tenor one to three years was fixed at LIBOR/SWAP plus 200 basis points and
interest rate for deposits of tenor three years to five years was fixed at LIBOR/SWAP plus 300 basis points. Interest rates on
non-resident rupee savings deposits are set at the rate applicable to domestic savings deposits. Since fiscal 2012, banks are free
to determine the interest rates on non-resident (external) rupee deposits and ordinary non-resident accounts. However, the interest
rates cannot exceed the rate offered by the bank on comparable domestic rupee deposits. In August 2013, the Reserve Bank of India
removed the ceiling on interest rates for non-resident (external) rupee deposits of three years and above until February 28, 2014.
Effective March 1, 2014, the interest rates offered on FCNR (B) deposits of tenor three to five years were re-instated to the ceiling
of LIBOR/ SWAP plus 300 basis points as against the exceptional rate of LIBOR/SWAP plus 400 basis points permitted from August
2013 to February 2014. Also, interest rates of non-resident (external) rupee deposits was capped to comparable domestic rupee deposits
as compared to the earlier deregulation of interest rates permitted from August 2013 to February 2014. The ceiling on ordinary
non-resident accounts however continued.

With a view
to increasing the availability of financial services across regions and population segments, the Reserve Bank of India has advised
banks to make available a basic savings bank deposit account without having the requirement of any minimum balance.

Regulations Relating
to Customer Service and Customer Protection

Enhancing customer
service and customer protection is a focus area for the Reserve Bank of India and has regularly emphasized on offering efficient,
fair and speedy customer service. In this regard, a committee was set up in fiscal 2010 to consider improvements in customer service
in banks. Following the recommendations made by the committee, the Reserve Bank of India has issued several guidelines. In July
2013, banks were mandated to have a uniform pricing policy for all customers across all branches, irrespective of the branch in
which the account was opened. Further, draft guidelines on wealth management and marketing services offered by banks were issued.
According to the guidelines, wealth management services can be offered only through a subsidiary or a separately identifiable department
or division in the bank in order to avoid conflict of interest. Further, banks need to take prior approval of the Reserve Bank
of India for offering wealth management services. In May 2014, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines instructing banks to
not charge foreclosure charges or prepayment penalties on floating rate term loans sanctioned to individual borrowers. Further,
banks are also not permitted to levy penal charges for non-maintenance of minimum balance in inoperative accounts.

In November
2014, the Reserve Bank of India issued additional guidelines on levy of charges for non-maintenance of minimum balances in savings
bank accounts. According to the guidelines, the penal charges should be a fixed percentage levied on the amount of difference between
the actual balance maintained and the minimum balance as agreed upon at the time of opening an account. A suitable structure on
minimum balances and penal charges should be finalized for recovery of charges. Further, the balance in the savings account should
not turn into a negative balance solely on account of levy of charges for non-maintenance of the minimum balance.

In December
2014, the Reserve Bank of India has issued a charter of customer rights, which provides the broad overarching principles for the
protection of bank customers. The charter describes five basic rights of bank customers which are the right to fair treatment,
the right to transparency, fair and honest dealing, the right to suitability, the right to privacy and the right to grievance redressal
and compensation.

277

The Reserve
Bank of India has issued procedural guidelines for redressal of grievances by the internal ombudsman. According to the guidelines,
a bank shall examine the grievances as per its internal grievance redressal mechanism and in case the bank decides to reject a
complaint and/or decides to provide only partial relief to the complainant, it should invariably forward such cases to the chief
customer service officer/internal ombudsman for further examination. Cases where the bank disagrees with the decision of the internal
ombudsman should be reported to the Reserve Bank of India by the internal ombudsman and also the bank with a copy to the respective
Banking Ombudsman. In September 2018, the Reserve Bank of India revised the Internal Ombudsman Scheme. The scheme covers, inter-alia,
appointment/tenure, roles and responsibilities, procedural guidelines and oversight mechanism for the Internal Ombudsman. In December
2018, the Reserve Bank of India launched the Ombudsman Scheme for digital transactions for redressing complaints relating to deficiency
in customer services in digital transactions conducted through non-bank entities regulated by the Reserve Bank of India.

In July 2017,
the Reserve Bank of India has issued directions to banks for determining customer liability in case of Unauthorized Electronic
Banking Transaction. Banks are required to ask their customers to mandatorily register for SMS alerts and if available e-mail alerts,
for electronic banking transactions. SMS alerts must be sent to customers, while email alerts may be sent to whomsoever
registered. Customers should notify their bank of any unauthorized electronic banking transaction at the earliest after the occurrence
of such transaction, and should be aware that the longer a customer takes to notify the bank of an unauthorized transaction, the
higher the risk of loss to the bank or customer. The facility of electronic transactions (other than ATM cash withdrawals) may
not be offered to customers who do not provide mobile numbers. The Reserve Bank of India has advised banks to clearly define the
rights and obligations of customers in case of unauthorized transactions in specified scenarios. Further, banks are required to
formulate/revise their customer relations policy, with approval of their Boards, to cover aspects of customer protection, including
the mechanism of creating customer awareness on the risks and responsibilities involved in electronic banking transactions and
customer liability in cases of unauthorized electronic banking transaction. In December 2018, the Reserve Bank of India extended
the customer protection framework to provide the benefit of limiting customer liability for unauthorised electronic transactions
involving Prepaid Payment Instruments (PPIs).

In April 2018,
the Reserve Bank of India disallowed entities regulated by it, including banks, to deal in virtual currencies or to provide services
facilitating any person or entity in dealing with or settling virtual currencies. Such services include maintaining accounts, registering,
trading, settling, clearing, giving loans against virtual tokens, accepting them as collateral, opening accounts of exchanges dealing
with them and transfer/receipt of money in accounts relating to purchase/sale of virtual currencies. Regulated entities that were
already providing such services were required to exit those relationships within three months.

Deposit Insurance

Demand
and time deposits of up to Rs. 100,000 accepted by Indian banks must be insured with the Deposit Insurance and Credit
Guarantee Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of India. Banks are required to pay the insurance
premium for the eligible amount to the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation on a semi-annual basis. The cost of
the insurance premium cannot be passed on to the customer. Under the Companies Act, 2013, deposit insurance has been made
mandatory for companies accepting deposits. In September 2015, the Reserve Bank of India released the Report of the Committee
on Differential Premium System for Banks in India, proposing the introduction of risk-based premium in India.

The Depositor Education
and Awareness Fund Scheme, 2014—Section 26A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949

The Reserve
Bank of India has advised that banks shall calculate the cumulative balances in all eligible accounts which are unclaimed for more
than 10 years along with interest accrued, as at the day prior to May 23, 2014, and such amounts due should be transferred to the
Fund on June 30, 2014 (before the close of banking hours). Subsequently, the amount due in each calendar month shall be transferred
on the last working day of the subsequent month.

278

Regulations Relating
to Know Your Customer and Anti-Money Laundering

The Prevention
of Money Laundering Act, 2002, which came into effect beginning July 2005, seeks to prevent and criminalize money laundering and
terrorist financing. It also provides for the freezing and confiscation of assets concerned in money laundering/terrorism offences,
and the formation of the Financial Intelligence Unit. This Act lays down the obligations on designated entities (including banks
and financial institutions) for maintaining records of prescribed transactions and for reporting certain transactions to the Financial
Intelligence Unit. It also lists out the predicate offences that come under the purview of the Act, the appointment of the Designated
Director and the Principal Officer and their respective obligations under the Act. Prevention of Money-Laundering Rules have also
been framed under such Act. This Act and such Rules have since been amended from time to time.

In June 2017, the
Ministry of Finance (Department of Revenue)  notified amendments to the Prevention of Money Laundering Rules, 2005. These
amendments require banks to obtain the Aadhaar number (the unique identification number provided by the Government of India)
from resident individuals (including authorized signatories of non-individual accounts), along with their Permanent Account
Number (the unique identification number required for filing income tax returns). New individual customers were  provided
a time period of six months from the date of commencement of an account based relationship, whereas existing individual
customers  were provided time until December 31, 2017 to submit their Aadhaar and Permanent Account numbers, failing which
their accounts shall cease to be operational until the time the documents are submitted to the bank.

In April 2018, the Reserve Bank of
India directed that the final timelines for submission of Aadhaar and Permanent Account numbers shall be subject to the final judgment
of the Honorable Supreme Court. The Supreme Court, by a judgment delivered on September 26, 2018 has struck down as unconstitutional,
the amendments to Rule 9 of the Prevention of Money Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 to the extent Aadhaar number
linking was made mandatory for all bank accounts.

In February 2019, the Prevention
of Money laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 was amended to include proof of possession of Aadhaar number as an officially
valid document acceptable in such forms as are issued by Unique Identification Authority of India. Banks may carry out e-KYC authentication
of the Aadhaar number upon receipt of client’s declaration that account shall be used to receive benefits or subsidy from
the Consolidated Fund of India. In March 2019, amendments to the Prevention of Money Laundering Act were inserted by The Aadhaar
and Other Laws Amendment Ordinance, 2019 which provided a process to verify identity of clients or beneficial owners through Aadhaar
authentication by banking companies or offline verification as prescribed in Aadhaar Act with customer consent and without storing
core biometric information or Aadhaar number. In May 2019, the Reserve Bank of India issued revised directions incorporating these
amendments.

The Reserve
Bank of India has prescribed comprehensive guidelines to be observed by banks/financial institutions under its jurisdiction with
regard to know your customer, anti-money laundering and combating financing of terrorism procedures in line with the provisions
of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act 2002 and Rules notified there under. This is in line with the recommendations made by
the Financial Action Task Force on Anti-Money Laundering standards and on Combating Financing of Terrorism. The objective of these
guidelines is to prevent banks from being used, intentionally or unintentionally, by criminal elements for money laundering or
terrorist financing activities. The guidelines cover key aspects including customer acceptance policy, customer due-diligence procedures,
monitoring of transactions and risk management. The guidelines also cover enhanced due diligence measures, regulatory reporting
as per the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, appointment of designated director and principal officer, training of employees
and independent audit of anti-money laundering/know your customer framework and provision for simplified know your customer procedures
for opening small accounts.

Regulations on Asset
Liability Management

The Reserve
Bank of India’s regulations for asset liability management require banks to draw up asset liability gap statements separately
for rupee and foreign currencies for the domestic and overseas operations of the bank. These gap statements are prepared by scheduling
all assets and liabilities according to the stated and anticipated re-pricing date, or maturity date. The statements are submitted
to the Reserve Bank of India on a periodic basis. The Reserve Bank of India has advised banks to actively monitor the difference
in the amount of assets and liabilities

279

maturing or being repriced in a particular
period and to place internal prudential limits on the gaps in each time period, as a risk control mechanism.

According
to Reserve Bank of India guidelines regarding prudential limits for interbank liabilities, a bank’s interbank
liabilities cannot exceed 200.0% of its net worth as on the last day of the previous fiscal year. Individual banks have been
permitted, with the approval of their boards of directors, to fix a lower limit for their interbank liabilities, keeping in
view their business model. However, banks whose capital to risk assets ratio is at least 25.0% more than the minimum capital
to risk assets ratio as on the last day of the previous fiscal year, are allowed a higher limit with respect to interbank
liability of up to 300.0% of their net worth. The limits prescribed include only fund based, interbank liabilities within
India (including interbank liabilities in foreign currency to banks operating within India), and interbank liabilities
outside India are excluded. The Reserve Bank of India guidelines also stipulate that existing limits on call-money borrowing
shall form a sub-limit of the above-mentioned limit. At present, on a daily average basis, call/notice money borrowings
should not exceed 100.0% of a bank’s capital funds. However, banks are allowed to borrow a maximum of 125.0% of their
capital funds on any day during a fortnight.

The Reserve
Bank of India has issued guidelines on duration gap analysis for interest rate risk management. The guidelines are aimed at providing
an indication of the interest rate risk to which the bank is exposed. The report on interest rate sensitivity as per duration gap
analysis is being submitted on a quarterly basis since June 30, 2011 and on a monthly basis since April 30, 2012.

In November
2012, the Reserve Bank of India consolidated the various instructions and guidelines on liquidity risk management issued from time
to time in the past. Instructions and guidelines were enhanced in line with the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision Principles
for Sound Liquidity Risk Management and Supervision. The guideline includes enhanced guidance on liquidity risk governance, measurement,
monitoring and the reporting to the Reserve Bank of India on liquidity positions.

The Reserve
Bank of India has also issued guidelines requiring banks to meet liquidity requirements in the form of Liquidity Coverage Ratio
and Net Stable Funding Ratio to ensure banks maintain sufficient funds for meeting short-term and long-term asset maturities.

Foreign Currency Dealership

The
Reserve Bank of India has granted us a full-fledged authorized dealers’ license to deal in foreign exchange through our designated
branches. Under this license, we have been granted permission to:

•	    engage in foreign
exchange transactions in all currencies;

•	    open and maintain
foreign currency accounts abroad;

•	    raise foreign currency
and rupee-denominated deposits from non-resident Indians;

•	    grant foreign currency
loans to onshore and offshore corporations;

•	    open documentary credits;

•	    grant import and export
loans;

•	    handle collection
of bills and funds transfer services;

•	    issue guarantees;
and

•	    enter into derivative
transactions and risk management activities that are incidental to our normal functions authorized under our organizational documents
and as permitted under the provisions of the Banking Regulation Act.

280

Further, we
have been permitted to hedge foreign currency loan exposures of Indian corporations in the form of interest rate swaps, currency
swaps and forward rate agreements, subject to certain conditions. Banks in the authorized dealer category may become trading or
clearing members of the currency derivatives segment to be set up by stock exchanges recognized by the Securities and Exchange
Board of India, subject to their fulfilling the requirements of (i) minimum net worth of Rs. 5.0 billion, (ii) minimum capital
adequacy ratio of 10.0%, (iii) net non-performing assets not exceeding 3.0% and (iv) net profit for the previous three years.

Our foreign
exchange operations are subject to the guidelines specified by the Reserve Bank of India. As an
authorized dealer, we are required to enroll as a member of the Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, which prescribes
the rules relating to foreign exchange business in India. We are also among banks that submit data to regulatory authorities/bodies
for the setting of financial benchmarks wherever we are nominated. In April 2014, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines recommending
measures to strengthen the quality, methodology and the governance framework with respect to financial benchmarks. This was based
on recommendations submitted by the committee on financial benchmarks. According to the guidelines, banks submitting data would
have to implement an internal board approved policy on governance of the benchmark submission process and periodically submit a
confirmation on compliance with the guidelines. Further, it was proposed that an independent company be set up for the administration
of benchmarks. In July 2015, the Financial Benchmarks India Private Limited (FBIL) was set up which would administer the overnight
interbank rate and which would be based on the actual traded rate every morning. In March 2018, the Reserve Bank of India advised
the Financial Benchmarks India Private Limited to take over the responsibility of computing and disseminating of the reference
rate for US$/Rupee and the exchange rate of other major currencies, and the FBIL began the process from July 10, 2018. Authorized
dealers, like us, are required to determine our limits on open positions and maturity gaps in accordance with the Reserve Bank
of India guidelines and these limits are approved by the Reserve Bank of India.

Gold Monetization Scheme
and Sovereign Gold Bonds

In October
2015, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on a gold monetization scheme where banks are allowed to mobilize gold deposits
and provide loans against these deposits. The minimum deposit under the gold deposit scheme at any one time is 30 grams of raw
gold with short-term bank deposits allowed for a minimum of one to three years, and treated as on-balance sheet liability, and
medium-term deposits of five to seven years and long-term of 12-15 years. The medium and long-term deposits will be the liability
of the Indian central government. The redemption of medium and long-term deposits, at the option of the depositor, can be either
in the Indian rupee equivalent of the value of the deposited gold or in the gold itself.

The Reserve
Bank of India also issued guidelines on sovereign gold bonds with investments in such bonds being eligible for statutory liquidity
ratio calculations. The bonds could also be used as collateral for loans.

Statutes Governing Foreign
Exchange and Cross-Border Business Transactions

Foreign exchange
and cross-border transactions undertaken by banks are subject to the provisions of FEMA. Banks are required to monitor transactions
of customers based on predefined rules using a risk-based approach. The transaction monitoring system envisages identification
of unusual transactions, undertaking due diligence on such transactions and, if confirmed as suspicious, reporting to the Financial
Intelligence Unit of the respective jurisdiction. Our transaction monitoring system is periodically reviewed and is being supplemented
with appropriate anti-money laundering software technology solutions.

The Reserve Bank of India issues
guidelines on external commercial borrowings and trade credits from time to time. Consolidated guidelines relating to external
commercial borrowings are covered by the Reserve Bank of India in the Master Direction on External Commercial Borrowings, Trade
Credit, Borrowing and Lending in Foreign Currency by Authorized Dealers and Persons other than Authorized Dealers dated January
1, 2016, as amended and the Master Direction on Reporting under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended. The guidelines
do not permit financial intermediaries, including banks, to raise such borrowings or provide guarantees in favor of overseas lenders
for such borrowings other than issuance of rupee denominated bonds overseas in accordance with the framework for issuance of rupee
denominated

281

bonds overseas. Eligible borrowers,
which are largely corporations, may raise such borrowings for investments such as the import of capital goods, in new and expansion
projects, and also to meet foreign exchange needs of the infrastructure sector. The external commercial borrowing proceeds can
also be utilized for overseas direct investment in joint ventures and wholly owned subsidiaries subject to the existing guidelines
on Indian Direct Investment in joint ventures and wholly owned subsidiaries abroad. In April 2018, the Reserve Bank of India revised
the external commercial borrowings framework. As per the revised guidelines, eligible borrowers were allowed to raise such borrowings
for purposes other than the end-uses restrictions prescribed earlier. Utilization of external commercial borrowing continued to
be restricted for capital market investments or acquisitions in India or real estate investments or purchase of land (except when
used for affordable housing, construction and development of special economic zones and industrial parks/integrated townships)
or working capital purposes or General Corporate or repayment of rupee loan and on-lending for all such restricted purposes.

In September
2015, the Reserve Bank of India allowed Indian resident borrowers to raise trade credit in Rupees after entering into a loan agreement
with the overseas lender, subject to certain conditions. Further, overseas lenders of Rupee denominated trade credits are now eligible
to hedge their exposure in Rupees through permitted derivative products in the onshore market.

In March 2019,
the Reserve Bank of India revised the trade credit policy. The all-in-cost ceiling for trade credit in terms of 6 month LIBOR was
reduced to 250 bps from 350 bps. Importers were permitted to offer security of movable assets (including financial assets)/immovable
assets (excluding land in special economic zones)/corporate or personal guarantee for availing trade credit. Foreign banks/overseas
branches/subsidiaries of Indian banks can issue bank guarantees for availing trade credit.

A new framework
for external commercial borrowing was introduced in November 2015 by the Reserve Bank of India. Key features of the revised framework
included fewer restrictions on the end-use of external commercial borrowings, a liberal approach for Indian rupee-denominated borrowings
where the currency risk is borne by the lender, an expanded list of overseas lenders to include sovereign wealth funds, pension
funds and insurance companies, and an enhanced limit for small value external commercial borrowings with minimum average maturity
of three years from US$20 million to US$50 million. The framework comprises of three components: (i) medium-term foreign currency
borrowings with minimum average maturity of three to five years termed as track I; (ii) long-term foreign currency borrowings with
minimum average maturity of 10 years termed as track II and (iii) Indian rupee-denominated borrowings with minimum average maturity
of three to five years termed as track III. Lending by overseas branches and subsidiaries of Indian banks is permitted only for
medium-term borrowings (track I).

The all-in-cost
ceiling is LIBOR plus 300 basis points for borrowings with an average maturity period of three to five years and LIBOR plus 450
basis points for borrowings with average maturity of over five years under track I. Under track II, the all-in-cost ceiling is
a maximum spread of 500 basis points over the benchmark, and under track III the cost should be in line with market conditions.
Companies in the infrastructure sector, non-banking financial companies-infrastructure finance companies, non-banking finance companies-asset
finance companies, holding companies and core investment companies will also be eligible to raise external commercial borrowings
under track I of the framework with minimum average maturity period of five years, subject to 100% hedging.

Borrowers are
permitted to raise external commercial borrowings for the purpose of refinancing an existing external commercial borrowing. This
was, however, not permissible from the overseas branches/subsidiaries of Indian banks in January 2018 however pursuant to amendments
made in January 2018, the Reserve Bank of India permitted overseas branches/subsidiaries of Indian banks to refinance external
commercial borrowings of highly rated (AAA) companies as well as certain categories of public sector units, provided the outstanding
maturity of the original borrowing is not reduced and the all-in-cost of fresh external commercial borrowings is lower than the
existing external commercial borrowing. Partial refinance of existing external commercial borrowings is also permitted subject
to above conditions.

As a measure
of rationalizing and liberalizing the external commercial borrowings policy, in April 2018 the Reserve Bank of India introduced
certain changes to the framework. Pursuant to these changes, a uniform all-in-cost ceiling of 450 basis points over the benchmark
rate was introduced. The benchmark rate for track I and track II was

282

set to the six month LIBOR or applicable
benchmark for respective currency and for track III the benchmark was set to the prevailing yield of the Government of India securities
of corresponding maturity. The list of eligible borrowers was expanded, and housing finance companies regulated by the National
Housing Bank and port trusts were allowed to raise external commercial borrowings under track I subject to 100.0% hedging at all
times, and companies engaged in maintenance, repair and overhaul and freight forwarding were permitted rupee denominated borrowings.

Guidelines
on issuance of rupee-linked bonds in overseas markets was introduced in September 2015 by the Reserve Bank of India. As per the
guidelines, Indian companies eligible to raise external commercial borrowings will be permitted to issue such bonds. Apart from
companies, Real Estate Investment Trusts and Infrastructure Investment Trusts are also eligible to borrow under the guidelines.
The bonds can be issued in jurisdictions which are Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”) compliant. The minimum maturity
for these bonds would be five years and the only end-use restrictions are a negative list of activities including purchase of land,
capital market exposure and real estate.

In April 2016,
the framework for issuance of rupee-denominated bonds overseas by Indian corporations was revised. The issuance of rupee-denominated
bonds overseas will be within the aggregate limit of foreign investment permitted in corporate debt as notified from time to time.
The maximum amount that could be borrowed by an entity in a financial year under the automatic route by issuance of these bonds
was Rs. 50 billion. Proposals to borrow beyond Rs. 50 billion required prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. The rupee-denominated
bonds could only be issued in a specified country and could be subscribed by a resident of the specified country. Additionally,
the investor subscribing to the rupee-denominated bond could not be a related party to the issuer under the Indian accounting standards.
The minimum maturity for these bonds was set at three years to align with the maturity guidelines on foreign investment in corporate
bonds through the foreign portfolio investment route. In September 2017, the Reserve Bank of India excluded rupee denominated bonds
from the limit of investment by foreign portfolio investors in corporate bonds. This has been effective from October 3, 2017.

In June 2017,
the Reserve Bank of India advised that any proposal of borrowing by eligible Indian entities for issuance of these bonds have to
be forwarded through the authorized dealer bank to Foreign Exchange Department, of the Reserve Bank for examination under the approval
route.

Pursuant to
the guidelines, minimum original maturity period for Rupee denominated bonds raised up to US$50 million equivalent in Indian Rupee
per financial year should be 3 years and for bonds raised above US$50 million equivalent in Indian Rupee per financial year should
be 5 years.

In March 2018,
following the identification of a fraud in an Indian bank, the Reserve Bank of India discontinued the issuance of letter of undertakings/letter
of comforts for trade credits for imports into India by banks. Letters of credit and bank guarantees for trade credits for imports
into India continue to be issued subject to compliance with Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The Reserve Bank of India has prescribed
operational controls with regard to SWIFT along with timelines for implementation by banks.

In September
2018, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines liberalizing the external commercial borrowing policy on rupee denominated bonds
permitting Indian banks to participate as arrangers underwriters, market makers and traders in rupee-denominated bonds issued overseas
subject to prudential norms. As per the guidelines, eligible borrowers in the manufacturing sector could raise external commercial
borrowings up to US$50 million with minimum average maturity of one year, as against the earlier requirement of minimum average
maturity of three years.

In
January 2019, the Reserve Bank of India revised the External Commercial Borrowing (ECB) framework. The salient features of the
new framework are as follows:

·   Medium and long term foreign currency ECB merged as “Foreign Currency
denominated ECB”. Rupee ECB and Rupee Denominated Bonds merged as “Rupee Denominated ECB”.

·   Rupee Denominated Bonds permitted to be issued under automatic route subject
to conditions.

·   List of eligible borrowers expanded to include entities eligible to receive
foreign direct investment.

283

·   List of recognized lenders expanded to include residents of Financial Action
Task Force or International Organisation of Securities Commissions compliant country.

·   Tenor of trade credit restricted to three years from the earlier tenor of
five years. Trade credit beyond three years to be treated as ECB.

·   All-in-cost to be borne by the borrower without taking recourse to drawdown
of ECB/trade credit.

In
February 2019, the Reserve Bank of India issued the draft directions on facilities for hedging exchange risk by residents and non-residents
for comments. According to the draft directions, derivative products can be offered to any person resident in India or resident
outside India having foreign exchange risk on anticipated or contracted basis. For the purpose of offering derivative contracts
users will be classified as retail user and non-retail users. While offering derivative contracts involving Rupee, authorized dealers
need to ensure that, the notional and tenor of the contract does not exceed the value and tenor of the exposure, and the same exposure
has not been hedged using any another derivative contract.

In
October 2018, the Reserve Bank of India issued Electronic Trading Platforms Directions, 2018. As per the directions, an Electronic
Trading Platform (ETP) is any electronic system, other than a recognised stock exchange, on which transactions in eligible instruments
including securities, money market instruments, foreign exchange instruments, derivatives, or other instruments as may be specified
by the Reserve Bank of India are contracted. Banks seeking authorisation to operate an ETP are required to earmark a minimum capital
of Rs. 50 million for the purpose.

In
March 2019, the Reserve Bank of India issued the directions for all participants dealing in securities, money market instruments,
foreign exchange instruments, derivatives or other instruments of like nature for the prevention of market abuse. Market participants
shall not engage in market manipulation and benchmark rate manipulation, and should not misuse the non-public price sensitive information
for material benefit of itself or to others.

In
March 2019, the Reserve Bank of India, permitted non-residents to undertake transactions in the rupee interest rate derivatives
markets for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk or otherwise. For the purpose of other than hedging, non-residents, other
than individuals are permitted to take overnight index swaps transactions directly with market maker in India or by way of back
to back arrangements through a foreign branch/parent/group entity of the market maker.

In
June 2019, the Reserve Bank of India announced the introduction of an electronic trading platform for buying/selling foreign exchange
by retail customers of banks. This is aimed at enhancing transparency, competition and better pricing for retail customers. The
platform can be accessed by any customer of a bank who has a need to purchase or sell US dollar against the rupee for delivery
on cash basis, tom basis or spot basis subject to certain conditions.

Foreign Currency Borrowings
by Banks in India

The Reserve
Bank of India has allowed banks to borrow funds from their overseas branches and correspondent banks (including borrowings for
financing export credit, external commercial borrowings and overdrafts from their head office/nostro account) up to a limit of
100.0% of unimpaired Tier 1 capital or US$10 million, whichever is higher.

All the regulations
and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, as amended from time to time, in connection with foreign currency borrowings
by banks in India have been consolidated in the master circular on Risk Management and Interbank Dealings. The aforesaid limit
applies to the aggregate amount availed of by all the offices and branches in India from all their branches or correspondents abroad
and also includes overseas borrowings in gold for funding domestic gold loans. Capital funds raised by issue of innovative perpetual
debt instruments and other overseas borrowings with the specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India will continue to be outside
the limit of 100.0% of unimpaired Tier 1 capital. In July 2015, the Reserve Bank of India permitted banks to borrow from international/multilateral
financial institutions without its prior approval.

Information Technology
and Cyber Security

The Reserve
Bank of India has issued guidelines in April 2011 on information security, electronic banking, technology risk management and cyber
frauds. While the guidelines are not “one-size-fits-all,” the implementation of

284

the guidelines need to be risk-based
and commensurate with the nature and scope of activities engaged by banks and the technology environment prevalent in the bank
and the support rendered by technology to the business processes. The guidelines broadly cover nine subject areas relating to information
technology vis-à-vis information technology governance, information security, IT operations, IT services outsourcing, information
systems audit, cyber frauds, business continuity planning, customer education and legal issues. The implementation of the guidelines
is to be monitored by the top management on an ongoing basis.

Further, the
Reserve Bank of India has issued directions in June 2016 requiring banks to put in place a cyber-security policy containing an
appropriate approach to combat cyber threats given the level of complexity of business and acceptable levels of risk. The cyber
security policy should be separate and distinct from the broader IT policy and the aspects that need to be covered in the aforementioned
strategy include an arrangement for continuous surveillance, comprehensive network and database security, protection of customer
information, cyber crisis management plan, strengthening cyber security, organizational arrangements and awareness about cyber
security among senior/top management.

In February
2018, the Reserve Bank of India prescribed several operational controls with regard to SWIFT along with timelines for implementation
by banks. Further, banks were required to present to the board of directors the measures instituted/proposed to be instituted to
secure ongoing compliance with the prescribed safeguards.

In view of
the changing nature of cyber risks driven by several factors, the Reserve Bank of India in November 2017 advised banks to ensure
that the information assets (more particularly customer service information) were well protected at all locations/points and security
ecosystem were adequately geared up, Further, Banks were advised to take steps in providing sustained assurance on cyber security
initiatives by identifying the shortcomings and initiating timely action to address them promptly, to enforce proper authentication
mechanism and to adopt and document a ‘security by design’ approach in the implementation of all digital products offered
to the customers. The Reserve Bank of India has instructed banks to present details of significant cyber security incidents periodically
to the board/information technology sub-committee of the board for suitable directions.

In order to
enhance the management’s awareness in Information Technology and Cyber Security, the Reserve Bank of India in August 2018
instructed that members of a bank’s Board, senior management team and the CXOs (viz. Chief Technology Officer, Chief Information
Officer, Chief Information Security Officer, Chief Risk Officer) to undergo a mandatory awareness/certification programme in the
area of Information Technology and Cyber Security. The Reserve Bank of India has designed programmes for each category of the participants
and also stipulated the timelines for completing the certification.

See also
“Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social
engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft
that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant
legal and financial exposure”.

Legal Reserve Requirements

Cash
Reserve Ratio

A bank is required
to maintain a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities, excluding interbank deposits, by way of cash reserve
with itself and by way of balance in current account with the Reserve Bank of India. Following the enactment of the Reserve Bank
of India (Amendment) Bill 2006, the floor and ceiling rates (earlier 3.0% and 20.0%, respectively) on the cash reserve ratio were
removed. The following liabilities are excluded from the calculation of the demand and time liabilities to determine the cash reserve
ratio:

•	    interbank liabilities;

•	    liabilities to primary
dealers;

285

•	    refinancing from the
Reserve Bank of India and other institutions permitted to offer refinancing to banks; and

•	    perpetual debt qualifying
for lower Tier 1 capital treatment.

The cash reserve
ratio is currently at 4% of a bank’s demand and time liabilities adjusted for the exemptions which include (but are not limited
to) (i) the paid up capital, reserves and credit balance of the bank; (ii) net income tax provision; (iii) amount received from
Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation towards claims and held by banks pending adjustments; (iv) provision not being
a specific liability arising from contracting additional liability and created from profit and loss account; and (v) demand and
time liabilities in respect of their offshore banking units, effective from the fortnight beginning February 9, 2013.

The Reserve
Bank of India does not pay any interest on cash reserve ratio balances. The cash reserve ratio has to be maintained on an average
basis for a fortnightly period. In July 2013, the Reserve Bank of India increased the daily cash reserve requirement from a minimum
of 70.0% of the required cash reserve ratio on any day of the fortnight to 99.0%, as part of measures to stabilize the movement
in exchange rates. In September 2013, following stabilization in the movement in exchange rates, the daily minimum cash reserve
requirement was reduced to 95.0%. In April 2016, the Reserve Bank of India reduced the requirement further to 90.0% from the fortnight
beginning April 16, 2016.

Statutory
Liquidity Ratio

In addition
to the cash reserve ratio, a bank is required to maintain a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities by way
of liquid assets like cash, gold or approved unencumbered securities. In October 2015, the Reserve Bank of India also allowed investments
in sovereign gold bonds be considered in the calculation of statutory liquidity ratio. During fiscal 2017, the statutory liquidity
ratio was gradually reduced with a 25 basis point reduction each quarter from 21.5% to 21.25% effective April 2, 2016, further
to 21.0% effective July 9, 2016, to 20.75% effective October 1, 2016 and 20.50% from January 7, 2017. In fiscal 2018, the statutory
liquidity ratio was reduced further by 50 basis points to 20.0% effective June 24, 2017 and further to 19.5% effective October
14, 2017. In December 2018, the Reserve Bank of India proposed the reduction of statutory liquidity ratio requirement of banks
by 25 basis points every quarter with effect from January 2019 until the statutory liquidity ratio requirements reach 18.0% of
net demand and time liabilities. Currently, the statutory liquidity ratio is at 18.75%, effective since July 2019.

Liquidity
Coverage Ratio

In June 2014, the
Reserve Bank of India released guidelines implementing the Basel III Framework on Liquidity Standards—Liquidity
Coverage Ratio, Liquidity Risk Monitoring Tools and Liquidity Coverage Ratio Disclosure Standards. According to the
guidelines, banks have to maintain a minimum liquidity coverage ratio, which is a ratio of the stock of high quality liquid
assets to total net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar days under certain prescribed stressed conditions. The liquidity
coverage ratio is designed to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered high quality liquid assets to
meet any acute liquidity requirements over a hypothetical stressed period lasting 30 days. These guidelines are applicable
from January 1, 2015, starting with a minimum liquidity coverage ratio requirement of 60.0% and increasing in a phased manner
to 100.0% effective from January 1, 2019.

As noted above,
banks in India are already required, under Indian law and regulation, to maintain a statutory liquidity ratio at or above a prescribed
percentage (currently 19.5%). The statutory liquidity ratio is calculated as the ratio of a bank’s liquid assets, such as
cash, gold or approved unencumbered securities (the “statutory liquidity ratio securities”), to its net demand and
time liabilities. Statutory liquidity ratio securities include Indian central government securities as well as certain securities
issued by Indian state governments. Further, as per guidelines issued on liquidity standards in November 2014, the Reserve Bank
of India allows banks, under certain stressed conditions, to avail themselves of a special liquidity facility against certain securities
classified as level one high quality liquid assets. The facility, called the Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage
Ratio, is operated by the Reserve Bank of India. Access to the facility is included in a bank’s liquidity coverage ratio.
Although the

286

statutory liquidity ratio is not
a part of the Basel III liquidity standards, a portion of a bank’s statutory liquidity ratio securities may be recognized
as high quality liquid assets under the Reserve Bank of India’s liquidity coverage ratio guidelines.

The
Reserve Bank of India permits banks to recognize as level one high quality liquid assets under the liquidity coverage ratio,
statutory liquidity ratio securities having a value of up to (i) 2.0% of a bank’s net demand and time liabilities, for
securities eligible for availing liquidity under the Reserve Bank of India’s Marginal Standing Facility; (ii) an
additional 5.0% of a bank’s net demand and time liabilities, for securities eligible for availing liquidity under the
Reserve Bank of India’s Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio.  A proportion of net demand and time
liabilities under the Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio within the mandatory statutory liquidity ratio
requirement, was increased to 8.0% in February 2016, to 9% in July 2016, to 11% in June 2018 and to 13% from October 1, 2018.
In April 2019, the Reserve Bank of India permitted banks to reckon an additional 2.0% government securities as level one high
quality liquid assets, to be introduced in four phases of 25 basis points increase each between April 4, 2019 to April 1,
2020. Thus, a total of 17.0% of net demand and time liabilities comprising statutory liquidity ratio securities was available
for banks to recognize as level one high quality liquid assets. Statutory liquidity ratio securities include certain Indian
state government securities that would also qualify as level one high quality liquid assets under the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines, while the Basel III liquidity standards include only national sovereign securities. Banks in India generally hold
a significant proportion of their statutory liquidity ratio securities in the form of investments in Indian central
government securities which would qualify as level one high quality liquid assets under the Basel III standards.

In October
2018, the Reserve Bank of India permitted banks to reckon government securities held by them up to an amount equal to their incremental
outstanding credit to non-banking finance companies and housing finance companies, over and above the amount of credit to non-banking
finance companies and housing finance companies outstanding on their books at October 19, 2018, as level one high quality liquid
assets under Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio within the mandatory statutory liquidity ratio requirement.
In June 2019, the Reserve Bank of India allowed banks to frontload the increase by 0.5% each scheduled in August and December 2019
and permitted banks to reckon the increase of 1.0%, to the extent of incremental outstanding credit to non-banking finance companies
and housing finance companies.

From
January 1, 2016 onwards, the liquidity coverage ratio standard, liquidity risk monitoring tools and liquidity coverage ratio disclosure
standards are applicable to Indian banks on a consolidated basis.

Net Stable
Funding Ratio (NSFR)

In May 2018,
the Reserve Bank of India issued final guidelines on net stable funding ratio. The ratio promotes resilience over a longer time
horizon by requiring banks to fund their activities with more stable sources on an ongoing basis. According to the guidelines,
net stable funding ratio is defined as the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable funding.
Banks will be required to maintain a ratio of at least 100.0% on an ongoing basis. In November 2019, the Reserve Bank of India
advised that NSFR guidelines will come into effect from April 1, 2020.

Leverage
ratio

In June 2019, the Reserve Bank of
India issued guidelines requiring a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0% for domestic systemically important banks and 3.5% for other
banks. This will be effective from October 1, 2019. Banks have to meet the leverage ratio requirement at all times. The leverage
ratio is measured as tier 1 capital divided by the total exposure and aims to constrain the build-up of leverage in the banking
system.

Ownership Restrictions

The Government
of India regulates foreign ownership in Indian banks. The total foreign ownership in a private sector bank, like us, cannot exceed
74.0% of the paid-up capital, and shares held by foreign institutional investors under portfolio investment schemes through stock
exchanges cannot exceed 49.0% of the paid-up capital.

287

In fiscal 2016,
the Government of India introduced a composite cap for foreign investments in Indian companies, including banks, thus merging the
sub-limits in terms of direct investments and portfolio investments. The overall foreign ownership limit in banks continues to
be 74.0%. Further, in May 2016, the Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines with regard to shareholding in private sector
banks. As per the guidelines:

•	    individual and non-financial
corporate entities can have a shareholding up to 10.0% in private sector banks;

•	    non-diversified unlisted
financial institutions can hold up to 15.0%;

•	    well-diversified listed
financial institutions including the Government of India can hold up to 40.0%; and

•	    higher stake by promoters/non-promoters
through capital infusion by domestic or foreign entities will require the approval of the Reserve Bank of India.

Voting rights are capped at
15.0%. However, any acquisition of shareholding/voting rights of

5.0% or more will require the prior
approval of the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
Overview of the

Indian
Financial Sector—Structural Reforms—Report on Governance of Boards of Banks in India
.”

Holding Companies

In the annual
policy review for fiscal 2011, the Reserve Bank of India announced the formation of a working group, with representatives from
the Government of India, various regulatory authorities and banks, to draw a roadmap for the introduction of a holding company
structure. The report of the working group was released in May 2011 with key recommendations favoring a financial holding company
structure for the financial sector, particularly large financial groups, with a separate regulatory framework for these holding
companies.

The Reserve
Bank of India, in its guidelines for new private sector banking licenses, has mandated all new banks pursuant to the issuance of
such licenses, to be set up under a financial holding company structure. See also “
Overview of the Indian Financial Sector—Structural
Reforms —Discussion Paper on Banking Structure
.”

Restrictions on Payment
of Dividends

The Banking
Regulation Act requires banks to completely write off capitalized expenses and transfer 20.0% of the disclosed yearly profit to
a reserve account before declaring a dividend.

Banks have
to comply with the following prudential requirements to be eligible to declare dividends:

•	    The capital adequacy
ratio is at least 9.0% for the preceding two completed years and the accounting year for which the bank proposes to declare a dividend.

•	    The net non-performing
asset ratio is less than 7.0%.

•	    The Bank is in compliance
with the prevailing regulations and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, including the creation of adequate provision
for the impairment of assets, staff retirement benefits, transfer of profits to statutory reserves, etc.

•	    The proposed dividend
will be paid out of the current year’s profit.

•	    Under the Reserve
Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines, banks are subject to higher minimum capital requirements and must maintain a capital
conservation buffer above the minimum requirements to avoid restrictions on capital distribution. The capital conservation buffer
would be implemented in a phased manner beginning from March 31, 2016 and fully implemented by March 31, 2019 as prescribed

288

by the Reserve Bank of India.
The Reserve Bank of India has clarified that dividend payment by banks would be governed by the application of the above guidelines,
once the capital conservation framework is in effect. In case a bank does not meet the capital adequacy norms for two consecutive
years, but has a capital adequacy ratio of at least 9.0% for the accounting year for which it proposes to declare a dividend, it
would be eligible to do so if its net non-performing asset ratio is less than 5.0%. Banks that are eligible to declare dividends
under the above rules can do so subject to the following:

•	    The dividend payout
ratio (calculated as a percentage of dividend payable in a year to net profit during the year) must not exceed 40.0%. The maximum
permissible dividend payout ratio would vary from bank to bank, depending on the capital adequacy ratio in each of the last three
years and the net non-performing asset ratio. Banks should have a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 9.0% for three consecutive
years (including the accounting year for which it proposes to declare dividend) and a net non-performing assets ratio of less than
7.0% to be eligible to declare dividends. A bank with a net non-performing assets ratio of less than 3.0% can declare a dividend
of up to 35.0% if its capital adequacy ratio for three years is 11.0% or above, a dividend of 30.0% if its capital adequacy ratio
is 10.0% or more and up to 25.0% if its capital adequacy ratio is 9.0% or above. A bank with a net nonperforming assets ratio between
3.0% and 5.0% can declare a dividend of up to 25.0%, 20.0% and 15.0% against the three-year capital adequacy ratio of 11.0%, 10.0%
and 9.0%, respectively. Similarly, a bank with a net non-performing assets ratio between 5.0% and 7.0% can declare a dividend of
up to 15.0%, 10.0% and 5.0% against the three-year capital adequacy ratios of 11.0%, 10.0% and 9.0%, respectively.

•	    In case the profit
for the relevant period includes any extraordinary income, the payout ratio must be calculated after excluding that income for
compliance with the prudential payout ratio.

•	    The financial statements
pertaining to the financial year for which the bank is declaring a dividend should be free of any qualification by the statutory
auditors, which might have an adverse effect on the profit during that year. In case there are any such qualifications, the net
profit should be suitably adjusted while computing the dividend payout ratio.

Moratorium, Reconstruction
and Amalgamation of Banks

The Reserve
Bank of India can apply to the Government of India for suspension of business by a banking company. The Government of India, after
considering the application of the Reserve Bank of India, may order a moratorium staying commencement of action or proceedings
against such company for a maximum period of six months. During such period of moratorium, the Reserve Bank of India may (a) in
the public interest; (b) in the interest of the depositors; (c) in order to secure the proper management of the bank; or (d) in
the interests of the banking system of the country as a whole, prepare a scheme for the reconstruction of the bank or merger of
the bank with any other bank. In circumstances entailing reconstruction of the bank or merger of the bank with another bank, the
Reserve Bank of India invites suggestions and objections on the draft scheme prior to placing the scheme before the Government
of India for its approval. The Indian central government may approve the scheme with or without modifications. The law does not
require consent of the shareholders or creditors of such banks. The Reserve Bank of India has consolidated all regulations relating
to amalgamation of private sector banks in the Master Direction—Amalgamation of Private Sector Banks, Directions, 2016.

Regulations on Amalgamation
between Private Sector Banks and between Banks and Non-banking Finance Companies

In April 2016,
the Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines on amalgamation between private sector banks and between banks and non-banking
finance companies. The guidelines particularly emphasize the examination of the rationale for mergers, the systemic benefits arising
from it and the advantages accruing to the merged entity. With respect to a merger between two private sector banks, the guidelines
require the draft scheme of merger to be approved by the shareholders of both banks with a two-thirds majority after approval by
the boards of directors of the two banks concerned. The draft scheme should also consider the impact of the merger on the valuation,
profitability and capital adequacy ratio of the amalgamating bank and verify that the reconstituted board conforms to the Reserve
Bank of India norms. The approved scheme needs to be submitted to the Reserve Bank of

289

India for valuation and approval in
accordance with the Banking Regulation Act, along with other documentation such as the draft document of proposed merger, copies
of all relevant notices and certificates, swap ratio, share prices, etc. With respect to a merger of a bank and a nonbanking company,
where the non-banking company is proposed to be amalgamated with the bank, the banking company has to obtain the approval of the
Reserve Bank of India after the scheme of amalgamation is approved by its Board and the Board of the non-banking finance company,
but before it is submitted to the tribunal for approval. See also “
—Other Statutes—Competition Act
.”

Credit Information Bureaus

The Parliament
of India has enacted the Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act, 2005, pursuant to which every credit institution, including
a bank, has to become a member of a credit information bureau and furnish to it such credit information as may be required of the
credit institution by the credit information bureau about individuals or groups who enjoy a credit relationship with it. Other
credit institutions, credit information bureaus and such other persons as the Reserve Bank of India specifies may access such disclosed
credit information. The Reserve Bank of India is also seeking to strengthen the coverage and use of credit information and had
set up a committee in this regard. The committee submitted its recommendations in March 2014 and recommendations included standardized
data formats, for furnishing of credit information to credit information companies, common classification of credit scores and
best practices to be followed by credit information companies. In June 2014, some of the recommendations were accepted by the Reserve
Bank of India and guidelines were issued in this respect. Recently, in June 2016, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines requiring
banks to share information on investments in commercial paper and unhedged foreign currency exposures of borrowers to the credit
information companies.

Financial Stability
and Development Council and Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission

The Government
of India set up an apex-level body called the Financial Stability and Development Council in fiscal 2011. This is an independent
body that oversees regulation and strengthens mechanisms for maintaining financial stability. The institution monitors macro-prudential
supervision of the economy and the functioning of large financial conglomerates, addresses interregulatory coordination issues
and focuses on financial literacy and financial inclusion activities. The Government of India has also set up a Financial Sector
Legislative Reforms Commission to review the financial sector laws and to bring them in line with the requirements of the sector.
The commission submitted its report in March 2013 and has proposed an Indian Financial Code that consolidates different laws governing
the financial sector. The framework incorporates components like consumer protection, regulation, capital controls, systemic risk
and resolution. The Code also proposed the transition to a regulatory system where the Reserve Bank of India regulates the banking
and payments system and of a Unified Financial Agency subsuming all other existing financial sector regulators like the Insurance
Regulatory Development Authority of India and the Securities and Exchange Board of India.

In August 2010,
the parliament passed the Securities and Insurance Laws (Amendment and Validation) Bill, 2010, which provides a mechanism to settle
disputes between regulators. A committee chaired by the Finance Minister, with the governor of the Reserve Bank of India as vice
chairperson and chairpersons of the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India,
Pension Fund Regulatory of India and Development Authority and secretaries of the Department of Economic Affairs and Department
of Financial Services would make the final decision on such disputes.

In view of
the growing significance of financial technology innovations and their interface with the financial sector, the sub-committee of
the Financial Stability and Development Council has set up a working group to look into aspects and developments in fintech. Accordingly,
the Reserve Bank of India set up a working group with representatives from various regulatory bodies, rating agencies and select
banks. The group has recommended introducing an appropriate framework for a ‘regulatory sandbox’ within a well-defined
space and duration.

290

Resolution
Regime for Financial Institutions

The Financial
Stability and Development Council constituted a high level working group to consider the strengthening of the resolution regime
for financial institutions. The working group submitted its report in May 2014. Some key recommendations of the group include setting
up of an independent Financial Resolution Authority which would be responsible for implementation of the resolution framework in
coordination with respective financial sector regulators. The financial resolution framework should be legally enforceable and
extend to all financial institutions including banks, non-banks and financial conglomerates. The framework identifies a set of
tools like liquidation, purchase and assumption, and bail-in which involve converting existing creditors into shareholders, temporary
public ownership, etc. The resolution framework should avoid use of taxpayers’ money and ensure imposition of losses to shareholders
and unsecured creditors. In case of financial institutions under distress and deemed to be systemically important, the Government
of India taking control of the financial institution can be a last option for resolution when all other options fail. In the Union
Budget for fiscal 2017, the Government of India had indicated that a comprehensive Code on Resolution of Financial Firms will be
introduced as a bill in Parliament. In this regard, the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill, 2017 was introduced in
parliament in August 2017 to provide a system for quick, orderly and efficient resolution of financial firms in favor of depositors.
This code provides a specialized resolution mechanism to deal with bankruptcy situations in banks, insurance companies, and financial
sector entities. The Bill was withdrawn in 2018.

Prompt Corrective Action
by the Reserve Bank of India

The Reserve
Bank of India revised the Prompt Corrective Action framework for banks effective from April 1, 2017. As per the revised guidelines,
a bank may be placed under the framework at any point in time, if it is found to breach any of the parameters prescribed. The key
criteria for invocation of the prompt correct action include (i) falling below a capital adequacy ratio of 10.25% and/or below
a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.75%, (ii) exceeding net non-performing asset ratio of 6.0%, (iii) negative return on assets for
two consecutive years, or (iv) a leverage ratio of below 4.0%. Depending upon the extent of breach, the bank may be classified
into three risk thresholds and will be accordingly restricted from business expansion and will be required to take mandatory action
for resolution. A bank breaching the risk threshold where the common equity Tier 1 falls below 3.625% could be considered for resolution
through tools like amalgamation, reconstruction and winding-up. In fiscal 2018, eleven public sector banks were under the prompt
correct action of the Reserve Bank of India mainly due to impairment in asset quality. Five of these banks were moved out of the
prompt corrective action framework during fiscal 2019.

Regulations Governing
Use of Business Correspondents

To increase
the outreach of banking and promote greater financial inclusion, in January 2006 the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines for
the engagement of business correspondents by banks providing banking and financial services. Business correspondents are agents
engaged by banks to provide banking services at locations other than a bank branch. Business correspondents offer a limited range
of banking services at low cost, as setting up a brick and mortar branch may not be viable in all areas. Banks are required to
take full responsibility for the acts of omission and commission of the business correspondents that they engage and to conduct
due diligence for minimizing agency risks. When the business correspondent model was introduced in January 2006, the entities permitted
to act as business correspondents included individuals such as retired bank employees, retired teachers, individual owners of small,
independent grocery stores, medical and fair price shops and certain other individuals. The non-individual entities included non-government
organizations or microfinance institutions set up under societies/trust acts, societies registered under mutually aided cooperative
societies acts of various states, or the Cooperative Societies Acts of various states, not-for-profit companies and post offices.
From September 2010, banks are also allowed to engage companies with large and widespread retail outlets and registered under the
Companies Act, excluding non-banking financial companies, as business correspondents in addition to the individuals/entities permitted
earlier. In June 2014, the Reserve Bank of India also permitted non-deposit taking non-banking financial companies to be appointed
as business correspondents. Further, with a view to scale up the business correspondent channel, the Reserve Bank of India has
issued guidelines in April 2014 requiring the board of banks to review the operations and payment of remuneration to business correspondents
at least once every six months. In its monetary policy statement announced in April 2016, the Reserve Bank of India has proposed
to create a registry of business correspondents.

291

Regulations Governing
Mobile Banking

The Reserve
Bank of India has permitted Indian banks to offer mobile banking services to their customers. These services are available only
for Indian rupee-based transactions in the domestic market. Transactions involving a debit to the customer’s account should
have a two-level authentication to execute the transaction. In December 2014, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines requiring
banks to provide easy registration for mobile banking services, including generation of the personal identification number (“PIN”)
through multiple channels. In December 2015, the Reserve Bank of India required banks participating in the National Financial Switch
to enable the capability of customer registration for mobile banking at all their ATMs by March 31, 2016.

Regulations Governing
Prepaid Payment Instruments

In October
2017, following a review of the existing instructions on prepaid payment instruments, the Reserve Bank of India issued master directions
on issuance and operation of prepaid payment instruments. These instruments can be issued by banks and non-bank entities only after
obtaining prior approval from the Reserve Bank of India. Issuers are required to have Board approved policy for issuance of various
types/categories of prepaid instruments, engaging agents, co-branding arrangement, re-validation of gift instruments and all related
activities. Semi-closed prepaid instruments up to Rs. 10,000 can be issued by accepting minimum details and are required to be
converted into know your customer compliant prepaid payment instruments within 18 months from the date of issuance. Prepaid Payment
Instruments up to Rs. 100,000 (open and semi-closed) can be issued after completing know your customer of the pre-paid instrument
holder. Gift instrument can be issued up to a maximum value of Rs. 10,000. Prepaid Payment Instruments shall necessarily have additional
factor of authentication. The aspects of co-branded prepaid instruments, fraud prevention, customer protection, grievance handling
and information system audit are also highlighted in the directions.

Income Computation and
Disclosure Standards

In March 2015,
the Central Board of Direct Taxes notified the Income Computation and Disclosure Standards (“ICDS”) which provides
guidelines for computation of taxable income. These guidelines are not for the purpose of maintaining our books of accounts. These
guidelines are applicable to all taxpayers, including us, that follow the accrual system of accounting for the purpose of computation
of income. In case there is a conflict between the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (the “Indian Income Tax Act”)
and the income computation and disclosure standards prescribed by the tax authority, the provisions of the Indian Income Tax Act
shall prevail. The broad areas covered by the guidelines issued by the tax authority include valuation of inventories, construction
contracts, revenue recognition, tangible fixed assets, effects of changes in foreign exchange rates, government grants, securities,
borrowing costs, contingent liabilities and assets, and relating to accounting policies. These guidelines were applicable from
April 1, 2016.

Requirements of the
Banking Regulation Act

Prohibited
Business

The Banking
Regulation Act specifies the business activities in which a bank may engage. Banks are prohibited from engaging in business activities
other than the specified activities.

Reserve
Fund

Any bank incorporated
in India is required to create a reserve fund to which it must transfer not less than 25.0% of the profits of each year before
dividends. If there is an appropriation from this account, the bank is required to report the same to the Reserve Bank of India
within 21 days, explaining the circumstances leading to such appropriation. The Government of India may, on the recommendation
of the Reserve Bank of India, exempt a bank from requirements relating to its reserve fund.

292

Restriction
on Share Capital and Voting Rights

Banks can issue
only ordinary shares. The Banking Regulation Act currently specifies that no shareholder in a banking company can exercise voting
rights on poll in excess of 15.0% of total voting rights of all the shareholders of the banking company.

In 2006, the
Indian Parliament amended the laws governing India’s public sector banks permitting these banks to issue preference shares
and make preferential allotments or private placements of equity. According to current provisions private sector banks in India
are not permitted to issue preference shares. Legislation has been introduced in the Parliament to amend the Banking Regulation
Act to allow all banks to issue redeemable and non-redeemable preference shares. Prior to the merger, ICICI had preference share
capital of Rs. 3.5 billion which was redeemed in fiscal 2018. The Government of India, on the recommendation of the Reserve Bank
of India, had granted us an exemption which allowed the inclusion of preference capital in our capital structure until the maturity
of these shares.

An
amendment to the Banking Regulation Act in fiscal 2013 has increased the voting rights cap from 10.0% to 26.0% in a phased
manner, subject to notification by the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India has notified a voting rights cap of
15.0%. See also “
Overview of the Indian

Financial
Sector—Structural Reforms—Amendments to the Banking Regulation Act
.”

In November
2015, the Reserve Bank of India clarified that prior approval will be required for acquisition of shares or voting rights of 5.0%
or more in private sector banks. Shareholders having 5.0% or more of the paid-up share capital of a private bank would have to
give an annual declaration to the bank on their ‘fit and proper’ status. Approval of the Reserve Bank of India will
not be required in case of fresh acquisitions by an existing major shareholder up to an aggregate holding of 10.0%.

Regulatory
Reporting and Examination Procedures

The Reserve
Bank of India is responsible for supervising the Indian banking system under various provisions of the Banking Regulation Act,
1949 and the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. This responsibility is discharged by the Reserve Bank of India’s Department
of Banking Supervision for all scheduled commercial banks excluding regional rural banks. The supervision framework is evolving
over a period of time and the Reserve Bank of India has been progressively moving in line with Basel “Core Principles for
Effective Banking Supervision”. The existing supervisory framework has been modified towards establishing a risk based supervision
framework.

This framework
is intended to make the supervisory process for banks more efficient and effective, with the Reserve Bank of India applying differentiated
supervision to each bank based on its risk profile. A detailed qualitative and quantitative assessment of the bank’s risk
is conducted by the supervisor on an ongoing basis and a Risk Assessment Report is issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve
Bank of India has designated a senior supervisory manager for the banks under this framework who will be the single point of contact
for a designated bank.

We have been
subject to supervision under this framework since fiscal 2013. The Reserve Bank of India also discusses the report with our management
team, including the Chairman of the Bank, the Chairman of the Audit Committee, and the Managing Director and CEO. The risk assessment
report, along with the report on actions taken by us, has to be placed before our Board of Directors. On approval by our board
of directors, we are required to submit the report on actions taken by us to the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
—Loan
Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets—Asset classification.”

Appointment
and Remuneration of the Chairman, Managing Director and Other Directors

We are required
to obtain prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India before we appoint our chairman, managing director and any other executive
directors and fix their remuneration. The Reserve Bank of India is authorized to remove an appointee from the posts of chairman,
managing director and other executive directors on the

293

grounds of public interest, interest
of depositors or to ensure our proper management. Further, the Reserve Bank of India may order meetings of our Board of Directors
to discuss any matter in relation to us, appoint observers to such meetings and in general may make such changes to the management
as it may deem necessary and may also order the convening of a general meeting of our shareholders to elect new directors. We cannot
appoint as a director any person who is a director of another banking company. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on “fit and proper” criteria for directors of banks. Our directors must satisfy the requirements of these guidelines.

On January
13, 2012, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on the compensation of wholetime directors/chief executive officers/risk
takers and control function staff of private sector and foreign banks operating in India. The guidelines include principles for
effective governance of compensation, alignment of compensation with risk taking and effective supervisory oversight and engagement
by stakeholders.

On June 1,
2015, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on compensation of non-executive directors of private sector banks. According
to the guidelines, the Board of Directors, in consultation with its remuneration committee, should formulate and adopt a comprehensive
compensation policy for the non-executive directors (other than the part-time, non-executive chairman). In the policy, the Board
may provide for the payment of compensation in the form of a profit-related commission, subject to the bank making profits. Such
compensation should not exceed Rs. 1 million per annum for each director. Further, private sector banks have to obtain prior approval
of the Reserve Bank of India for granting remuneration to the part-time, non-executive chairman under Section 10B(1A)(i) and 35B
of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

In May 2017,
the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on minimum qualifications and experience required while inviting application for the
position of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Technology Officer in banks.

In
February 2019, the Reserve Bank of India issued a discussion paper proposing revision in guidelines for compensation of wholetime
directors, chief executive officers, risk takers and control function staff for public comments. The final guidelines have not
been issued.

Penalties

The Reserve
Bank of India may impose penalties on banks and their employees in case of infringement of regulations under the Banking Regulation
Act. The penalty may be a fixed amount or may be related to the amount involved in any contravention of the regulations. The penalty
may also include imprisonment.

Assets
to be Maintained in India

Every bank
is required to ensure that its assets in India (including import-export bills drawn in India and the Reserve Bank of India approved
securities, even if the bills and the securities are held outside India) are not less than 75.0% of its demand and time liabilities
in India.

Restriction
on Creation of Floating Charge

Prior approval
of the Reserve Bank of India is required for creating floating charge on our undertaking or property. Currently, all of our borrowings,
including bonds, are unsecured.

Maintenance
of Records

Banks are required
to maintain books, records and registers. The Banking Regulation Act specifically requires banks to maintain books and records
in a particular manner and file the same with the Registrar of Companies on a periodic basis. The provisions for production of
documents and availability of records for inspection by shareholders as stipulated under the Companies Act and the rules thereunder
would apply to us as in the case of any company. The Know Your Customer Guidelines framed by the Reserve Bank of India also provide
for certain records to be updated at regular intervals. As per the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, records of a transaction
are to be preserved for five years (changed from 10 years to five years in February 2013) from the date of the transaction between
a customer and the bank. The Know-Your-Customer records are required to be preserved for a period of five

294

years from the date of cessation of
relationship with the customer. The Banking Companies (Period of Preservation of Records) Rules, 1985 requires such records to
be preserved for eight years. The Banking Companies (Period of Preservation of Records) Rules, 1985 requires a bank’s records
of books, accounts and other documents relating to stock and share registers to be maintained for a period of eight years.

In April 2018,
the Reserve Bank of India has advised system providers to ensure that data relating to payment systems operated by them are stored
only in a system located in India. The data should include the full end-to-end transaction details/information collected/carried/processed
as part of the message/payment instruction. For the foreign leg of the transaction, if any, the data can also be stored in the
foreign country, if required. The Reserve Bank of India advised system providers to ensure compliance within a period of six months
and report compliance by October 15, 2018.

Other Statutes

Companies
Act

Companies in
India, including banks, in addition to the sector-specific statutes and the regulations and guidelines prescribed by the sectoral
regulators, were required to comply with relevant provisions of the Companies Act 1956. In 2013, the Indian Parliament enacted
the new Companies Act, including, among other things, provisions to make independent directors more accountable, improve corporate
governance practices and make corporate social responsibility mandatory for companies above a certain size and require them to
spend a minimum of 2.0% of the average net profits of the preceding three years for corporate social responsibility initiatives.
Any shortfall in this regard was required to be explained in the annual report. In July 2019, the government has proposed certain
amendments to the Companies Act, 2013, including the guidelines pertaining to corporate social responsibility. The key proposals
in the Bill relating to corporate social responsibility include transferring any amount earmarked for any specific project to an
escrow account within thiry days of the end of the financial year and the amount be spent within a period of three financial years,
or transfer the unspent amount not earmarked for any project to funds managed by the government of India and qualifying for corporate
social responsibility within a period of six months. It also proposes to penalty on companies contravening the provisions of the
Act.

Competition
Act

The Competition
Act 2002 established the Competition Commission of India with the objective of promoting competition, preventing unfair trade practices
and protecting the interest of consumers. The Competition Act, 2002 prohibits anti-competitive agreements and abuse of market dominance,
and requires the approval of the Competition Commission for mergers and acquisitions involving companies above a certain size.
Further, the Competition (Amendment) Bill 2012, to amend the Competition Act 2002, was introduced in the lower house of Parliament
in December 2012. The Bill aimed to widen the scope from the enterprise level to the group level in identifying abuse of dominance,
give the Government of India the flexibility to specify thresholds for mergers to be regulated under such Act, and make it mandatory
for sector-specific regulators to take the views of the Competition Commission of India on mergers and acquisitions in their respective
sectors. The bill was later referred to the Standing Committee on Finance, which submitted its report in February 2014. The bill
has since lapsed following the dissolution of the Parliament in May 2014 and has not been reintroduced so far by the new Government
of India.

Secrecy Obligations

Our obligations
relating to maintaining secrecy arise out of common law principles governing our relationship with our customers. We cannot disclose
any information to third parties except under clearly defined circumstances. The following are the exceptions to this general rule:

•	    where disclosure is
required to be made under any law;

•	    where there is an
obligation to disclose to the public;

•	    where we need to disclose
information in its interest; and

•	    where disclosure is
made with the express or implied consent of the customer.

We are also
required to disclose information if ordered to do so by a court. The Reserve Bank of India may, in the public interest, publish
the information obtained from the bank. Under the provisions of the Banker’s Books

295

Evidence Act, a copy of any entry
in a bankers’ book, such as ledgers, day books, cash books and account books certified by an officer of the bank may be treated
as prima facie evidence of the transaction in any legal proceeding.

Regulations Governing
Offshore Banking Units

The Government
of India and the Reserve Bank of India have permitted banks to set up offshore banking units in Special Economic Zones, which are
specially delineated duty-free enclaves deemed to be foreign territory for the purpose of trade operations, duties and tariffs.
We have an offshore banking unit located in the Santacruz Electronic Exports Promotion Zone, Mumbai. The key regulations applicable
to offshore banking units include, but are not limited to, the following:

•	    Offshore banking
units are required to adopt liquidity and interest rate risk management policies prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India in respect
of overseas branches of Indian banks as well as within the overall risk management and asset and liability management framework
of the bank subject to monitoring by the bank’s board of directors at prescribed intervals. Further, the bank’s board
would be required to set comprehensive overnight limits for each currency for these branches, which would be separate from the
open position limit of the parent bank.

•	    Offshore banking
units may raise funds in convertible foreign currency as deposits and borrowings from non-residents including non-resident Indians
but excluding overseas corporate bodies.

•	    Offshore banking
units may operate and maintain balance sheets only in foreign currency.

•	    The loans and advances
of offshore banking units would not be reckoned as net bank credit for computing priority sector-lending obligations.

•	    Offshore banking
units must follow the Know Your Customer guidelines and must be able to establish the identity and address of the participants
in a transaction, the legal capacity of the participants and the identity of the beneficial owner of the funds.

•	    The Special Economic
Zone Act, 2005 permitted offshore banking units to additionally undertake the following activities:

•	    lend outside India
and take part in international syndications/consortiums on par with foreign offices;

•	    invest in foreign
currency denominated debt of Indian units; and

•	    extend facilities
to subsidiaries/units of Indian entities, located outside India.

Regulations Governing
Banking Units in International Financial Services Centres in India

In March 2015,
the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines relating to Indian banks setting up banking units in International Financial Services
Centres in India. According to the guidelines, public and private sector banks dealing in foreign exchange would be permitted to
set up one banking unit in each international financial services center in India. Banks will have to take prior approval of the
Reserve Bank of India for opening a banking unit, and this will be treated on par with a foreign branch of an Indian bank. The
minimum capital requirement for these banking units would be US$20 million. Funds raised by the banking units, including borrowings
in foreign currency, would have to be from persons not resident in India. Deployment of funds can be with both person’s resident
in India as well as not resident in India. However, deployment of funds with person’s resident in India shall be subject
to the provisions of Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999. Liabilities of these units would be exempted from cash reserve ratio
and the statutory liquidity ratio requirements of the Reserve Bank of India. The banking units will have to maintain the minimum
regulatory capital as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India and prudential norms applicable to overseas

296

branches of Indian banks would apply
to these banking units. The banking units would operate and maintain their balance sheet only in foreign currency and will not
be allowed to deal in Indian rupees, except having a special rupee account for administrative expenses. The loans and advances
of these banking units would not be reckoned for priority sector lending requirements.

In April 2017,
the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines permitting banking units in International Financial Services Centres to undertake derivative
transactions including transacting in structured products, becoming a member of an exchange in the interest rate and currency derivative
segments, becoming a professional clearing member for clearing and settlement in the derivatives segment, and maintaining special
non-resident rupee accounts with a bank in India for handling its administrative expenses in Indian rupees.

In May 2018,
the Reserve Bank of India modified the guidelines and provided that the parent bank would be required to provide a minimum capital
of US$20 million or equivalent in any foreign currency to its international banking units which should be maintained at all times
on an on-going basis at the parent level.

Consolidated Supervision
Guidelines

In fiscal 2003,
the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines for consolidated accounting and consolidated supervision for banks. These guidelines
became effective April 1, 2003. The principal features of these guidelines are:

Consolidated
Financial Statements
: Banks are required to prepare consolidated financial statements intended for public disclosure.

Consolidated
Prudential Returns
: Banks are required to submit to the Reserve Bank of India consolidated prudential returns reporting their
compliance with various prudential norms on a consolidated basis, excluding insurance subsidiaries and group companies engaged
in businesses not pertaining to financial services. Compliance on a consolidated basis is required in respect of the following
main prudential norms:

•	    single borrower exposure
limit of 15.0% of capital funds (20.0% of capital funds, provided that the additional exposure of up to 5.0% is for the purpose
of financing infrastructure projects);

•	    borrower group exposure
limit of 40.0% of capital funds (50.0% of capital funds, provided that the additional exposure of up to 10.0% is for the purpose
of financing infrastructure projects);

•	    deduction from Tier
1 capital of the bank of any shortfall in capital adequacy of a subsidiary for which capital adequacy norms are specified; and

•	    consolidated capital
market exposure limit of 40.0% of consolidated net worth with a direct investment limit of 20.0% of consolidated net worth.

See also
“Business—Loan
Portfolio—Loan Concentration.”

In June 2004,
the Reserve Bank of India published the report of a working group on the monitoring of financial conglomerates, which proposed
the following framework:

•	    identification of
financial conglomerates that would be subjected to focused regulatory oversight;

•	    monitoring intra-group
transactions and exposures and large exposures of the group to outside counter parties;

297

•	    identifying a designated
entity within each group that would collate data in respect of all other group entities and furnish the same to its regulator;
and

•	    formalizing a mechanism
for inter-regulatory exchange of information.

The framework
covers entities under the jurisdiction of the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India and the National Housing Bank and would in due course be extended to entities regulated
by the proposed Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority. The Reserve Bank of India has identified us and our related
entities as a financial conglomerate with ICICI Bank as the designated entity responsible for reporting to the Reserve Bank of
India.

In March 2013, financial
sector regulators the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Insurance Regulatory and
Development Authority of India and the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority, signed a memorandum of
understanding to cooperate in the field of consolidated supervision and monitoring of financial conglomerates.

Regulations and Guidelines
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

The Securities
and Exchange Board of India was established to protect the interests of public investors in securities and to promote the development
of and to regulate the Indian securities market. We and our subsidiaries and affiliates are subject to the Securities and Exchange
Board of India regulations for public capital issuances, private placements as well as underwriting, custodian, depositary participant,
investment advisory, private equity, broking, asset management, banker to the issue and debenture trusteeship activities. These
regulations provide for our registration with the Securities and Exchange Board of India for each of these activities, functions
and responsibilities. We and our subsidiaries are required to adhere to codes of conduct applicable for these activities.

Special Status of Banks
in India

The special
status of banks is recognized under various statutes including the Recovery of Debts Due to Banks and Financial Institutions Act,
1993, and the SARFAESI Act. As a bank, we are entitled to certain benefits under various statutes including the following:

•	    The Recovery of Debts
Due to Banks and Financial Institutions Act, 1993 provides for establishment of Debt Recovery Tribunals for expeditious adjudication
and recovery of debts due to any bank or Public Financial Institution or to a consortium of banks and Public Financial Institutions.
Under this Act, the procedures for recoveries of debt have been simplified and time frames have been fixed for speedy disposal
of cases. Upon establishment of the Debt Recovery Tribunal, no court or other authority can exercise jurisdiction in relation to
matters covered by this Act, except the higher courts in India in certain circumstances.

•	    The Sick Industrial
Companies Act, 1985, (“SICA”), provides for referral of sick industrial companies to the Board for Industrial and Financial
Reconstruction. Under this Act, other than the Board of Directors of a company, a scheduled bank (where it has an interest in the
sick industrial company by any financial assistance or obligation, rendered by it or undertaken by it) may refer the company to
the Board of Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (“BIFR”). The SICA has been repealed by the Sick Industrial Companies
(Special Provisions) Repeal Act, 2004 (the “SICA Repeal Act”). The SICA Repeal Act is effective from December 1, 2016.
On the repeal, the provisions of the Companies Act are applicable in relation to “sick” companies, under which the
reference must be made to the National Company Law Tribunal.

•	    The SARFAESI Act focuses
on improving the rights of banks and financial institutions and other specified secured creditors as well as asset reconstruction
companies by providing that such secured creditors can take over management control of a borrower company upon default and/or sell
assets without the intervention of courts, in accordance with the provisions of the SARFAESI Act.

298

Income Tax Benefits

As a banking
company, the Bank is entitled to certain tax benefits under the Indian Income Tax Act. We are allowed a deduction of up to 20.0%
of the profits derived from the business of providing long-term finance (defined as loans and advances extended for a period of
not less than five years) for industrial or agricultural development, development of infrastructure facility in India or development
of housing in India, computed in the manner specified under the Indian Income Tax Act and carried to a Special Reserve Account.
The deduction is allowed subject to the aggregate of the amounts transferred to the Special Reserve Account for this purpose from
time to time not exceeding twice our paid-up share capital and general reserves. The amount withdrawn from such a Special Reserve
Account would be chargeable to income tax in the year of withdrawal, in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Income Tax
Act. In accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India in December 2013, banks are required to create deferred
tax liability on the special reserve on a prudent basis. The deferred tax liability up to March 31, 2013 was permitted to be directly
adjusted through reserves and from fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 onwards to be charged through the profit and loss account.
In India, while computing taxable income, provision on non-performing loans is allowed as a deduction from income only up to 8.5%
of the total income and 10.0% of the aggregate average advances made by the rural branches of the bank. The balance of the provisions,
which comprises a significant majority of the provision, is allowed as a deduction from the taxable income at the time of write-off
of the loans.

Regulations Governing
Insurance Companies

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, our subsidiaries offering life insurance and non-life
insurance, respectively, are subject to the provisions of the Insurance Act, 1938 and subsequent rules and amendments notified,
and the various regulations prescribed by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India. These regulations regulate
and govern, among other things, registration as an insurance company, investment, solvency margin requirements, licensing of insurance
agents, advertising, sale and distribution of insurance products and services and protection of policyholders’ interests.

As per the
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Assets, Liabilities and Solvency Margin of Life Insurance Business) Regulations,
2016, a life insurer is required to maintain a control solvency margin which is currently a solvency ratio of 150 %.

The Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India periodically issues guidelines pertaining to life insurance business. In fiscal 2007,
the general insurance industry in India was de-tariffed and insurance premiums were freed from price controls. In fiscal 2011,
the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India changed the regulations relating to unit-linked life insurance products.
Subsequently, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India also issued revised regulations relating to non-linked
life insurance products, which became effective during fiscal 2014. The key changes are related to commissions payable to agents
and distributors, lapse of policies, surrender values and minimum death benefits. In fiscal 2016, the Insurance Regulatory and
Development Authority of India issued regulations on registration of corporate agents for the sale of insurance products where
an agent can tie up with up to three insurance companies each in life, nonlife and health insurance sectors. In July 2019, the
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India issued revised regulations for Unit Linked (ULIPs) and Non-Linked products
replacing the product regulations of fiscal 2014. The key changes include a minimum sum assured at seven times the annual premium;
liquidity option for financial exigencies; and increase in revival period to three years for ULIPs and five years for traditional
products.

In July 2016,
the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India issued revised regulations pertaining to health insurance, the IRDAI
(Health Insurance) Regulations 2016 (Health Regulations 2016), replacing the Health Regulations 2013. The Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority of India also replaced the Standardization Guidelines 2013 with the Guidelines on Standardization in
Health Insurance of July 29, 2016 (Standardization Guidelines 2016) and the Guidelines on Product Filing in Health Insurance Business
of July 29, 2016 (Product Filing Guidelines). Some important changes brought about by the regulations include allowing insurance
companies to offer plans that are a mix of any life (earlier only term plan) and health plan, allowing cumulative bonus in benefit
plans, offering wellness benefits, permitting insurers to launch pilot products, providing

299

independence and flexibility in the
format of standard declarations and disallowing life insurers to offer indemnity-based products. Further, in fiscal 2019, the Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India issued a notification with respect to long term motor insurance policies. As per
the guidelines, insurers are now allowed to offer third party long term motor insurance policies with a tenure of three years for
new cars and five years for new two-wheelers compared to the earlier tenure of one year.

In March 2015,
the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015, was enacted, which, inter alia, raised the foreign shareholding limit in insurance companies
from 26.0% to 49.0%, while requiring the companies to be Indian-owned and controlled. The amendment also eliminated the earlier
policy requiring promoters to reduce their stake to 26.0% after completion of 10 years of operations.

Under the Insurance
Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015 and regulations issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, any increase
in the shareholding of any investor in an insurance company beyond 5.0%, and any transfer of shareholding in excess of 1.0%, requires
the prior approval of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India. Further, the Insurance Regulatory and Development
Authority of India has issued guidelines for listed insurance companies. The guidelines, among other things, propose self-certification
of fit and proper criteria by a person intending to acquire equity shares of an insurer amounting to 1.0% or more, but less than
5.0%, of the paid up equity share capital of the insurer, which shall be considered as a deemed approval by the Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority of India.

In fiscal 2017,
the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India issued revised corporate governance guidelines. The governance framework
includes the board of directors, key management personnel, constitution of various committees such as the policyholder protection
committee, defines the role of appointed actuaries, appointment of auditors and relationship with stakeholders. The Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority also issued regulations on the payment of commissions and rewards to agents and insurance intermediaries.
The regulations lay down the maximum commission and reward payable for different lines of business. Regulations on management expenses
(all expenses in the nature of operating expenses including commission, remuneration to the insurance agents, intermediaries and
insurance intermediaries) have also been released. It suggests limiting management expenses separately for different lines of business
and lays down the maximum limit for the same. The Authority also issued guidelines on insurance e-commerce allowing an insurer
or an insurance intermediary to set up an electronic platform for online sales and servicing. The Authority also introduced a new
category of distribution channels through guidelines on point of sales person/product requiring minimal educational qualification
to sell simple insurance products as permitted in the guidelines.

The Government
of India along with the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India has taken initiatives to increase insurance penetration.
The distribution channels have been liberalized especially in the licensing of insurance agents and the authorizing point-of-sale
persons and insurance marketing firms to undertake insurance-related activities. In line with the Government of India’s initiative
for promoting digital transactions, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India has laid down guidelines for electronic
issuance of policies and using e-commerce for insurance transactions. Foreign reinsurers and Lloyds of London have been permitted
to open branch offices in India with the aim of developing the domestic reinsurance market and augmenting the risk-taking capacity
of insurers.

Regulations Governing
Mutual Funds

ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company, our asset management subsidiary, is subject to provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Mutual Fund) Regulations 1996, as amended from time to time. These regulations regulate and govern, among other things, registration
as a mutual fund, restrictions on business activities of an asset management company, process for launching of mutual fund schemes,
investment objectives and valuation policies and pricing. In June 2009, the Securities and Exchange Board of India issued guidelines
stating that mutual funds could not charge any entry load to investors investing in mutual fund schemes. The Securities and Exchange
Board of India has also issued guidelines directing mutual funds to ensure parity of exit loads charged across various unit holder
groups.

300

From fiscal
2015, the tax on long-term capital gains on redemption of debt mutual fund units was increased from 10.0% to 20.0%. The period
for defining long-term was also revised from 12 months to 36 months. Further, in March 2015, the Association of Mutual Funds of
India introduced a cap of 100 basis points on upfront commission for all mutual fund schemes. This was effective from April 1,
2015. In the Union Budget for fiscal 2019, the Government of India introduced a tax on income distributed by equity oriented mutual
funds at the rate of 10.0%.

In February
2017, the Securities and Exchange Board of India permitted mutual funds to invest in the units of Infrastructure Investment Trust
and Real Estate Investment Trust. As per the guidelines, a mutual fund cannot own more than 10.0% of units issued by a single issuer
and a mutual fund scheme shall not invest more than 10.0% of its net asset value in the units of Infrastructure Investment Trust
and Real Estate Investment Trust. Correspondingly, a mutual fund scheme cannot invest more than 5.0% of its net asset value in
the units of Infrastructure Investment Trust and Real Estate Investment Trust issued by a single issuer.

In fiscal 2019,
the challenges faced by the non-banking financial companies brought into focus the mutual fund industry’s significant exposure
to the sector and issues of credit concentration in the portfolio of mutual funds. Further, a few close-ended debt mutual fund
schemes had to delay or reduce scheduled redemptions during the year. There was also a focus on mutual funds’ exposures to
corporates against pledges of promoters’ shares. In June 2019, the Securities and Exchange Board of India issued regulations
for mutual funds including tighter investment rules for debt mutual funds and enhanced disclosures relating to promoters’
share pledges. Debt mutual funds’ investment exposure limit to a sector was reduced from 25% of total assets to 20%, with
at least one-fifth of the investment to be in cash equivalents to be able to meet sudden redemption pressures. Liquid funds have
been restricted from investing in debt securities with credit enhancements. The regulator has mandated a security cover of at least
four times for investment by mutual fund schemes in debt securities having credit enhancements backed by equities, directly or
indirectly. The valuation of debt and money market instruments would now be based on mark-to-market. All fresh investments in equity
shares by mutual fund schemes will now have to be made only in listed or to be listed equity shares.

Regulations Governing
International Operations

Our international
operations are governed by regulations in the countries in which we have a presence. Further, the Reserve Bank of India has notified
that foreign branches or subsidiaries of Indian banks can offer structured financial and derivative products, which are not permitted
in the domestic market, only at established financial centers outside India, such as New York, London and Singapore. At other centers,
the branches and subsidiaries of Indian banks can only offer those products permissible in the domestic market. For undertaking
activities not permitted in the domestic market at these centers, banks will have to obtain approval from the Reserve Bank of India.

Overseas
Banking Subsidiaries

Our wholly
owned subsidiary in the United Kingdom, ICICI Bank UK PLC, is authorized and regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority
and Financial Conduct Authority.
Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom had established a branch in each of Antwerp, Belgium
and Frankfurt, Germany under the European Union Passporting Arrangement. Following the United Kingdom voting to withdraw from
the European Union, and while negotiations are yet to be concluded, our subsidiary has obtained a third-country license for its
branch in Germany. The subsidiary closed its branch in Belgium during fiscal 2019.

Our wholly
owned subsidiary in Canada, ICICI Bank Canada (a Schedule II Bank in Canada), is regulated by the Office of the Superintendent
of Financial Institutions, which provided it with an order to commence and carry on business on November 25, 2003.

Offshore
Branches

The Foreign
Exchange Management (Borrowing or Lending in Foreign Exchange) Regulations, 2000, as amended, and rules issued thereunder, permit
a branch located outside India of a bank incorporated or constituted in India to borrow in foreign currency in the normal course
of its banking business outside India, subject to the

301

directions or guidelines issued by
the Reserve Bank of India from time to time and the regulatory authority of the country where the branch is located.

Our Singapore
branch is currently engaged in corporate and institutional banking, private banking, retail banking and treasury-related activities.
In April 2010, the Monetary Authority of Singapore granted the Singapore branch Qualified Full Banking privileges which entitled
us to take retail deposits. In Bahrain, we have a retail branch, regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. The Bahrain branch is
permitted to transact banking business with approved financial institutions within Bahrain, individuals or institutions outside
Bahrain. It is also permitted to offer banking services to non-resident Indians in Bahrain. Our branch in Hong Kong is regulated
by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and is permitted to undertake banking business with certain restrictions. Our branch in Sri
Lanka is regulated by the Central Bank of Sri Lanka. Our branch in the Dubai International Financial Centre is regulated by the
Dubai Financial Services Authority and is licensed to engage with professional clients in or from the Dubai International Financial
Centre (“DIFC”). Our branch in New York is regulated by the Federal Reserve Board and the Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency. Our branch in China is regulated by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and the branch in South
Africa is regulated by the South Africa Reserve Bank. In addition, we also have an Offshore Banking Unit located in the Santacruz
Electronic Exports Promotion Zone, Mumbai and an IFSC Banking Unit at Office E-2 & E-4 (Unit No. 18 and 20), Zonal Facility
Centre Annexe, Gujarat International Finance Tec-City—Multi-Services-Special Economic Zone, Gandhinagar, Gujarat. In the
Union Budget for fiscal 2020, the government has announced the extension of deduction of 100.0% of profit to ten years for units
in Gujarat International Finance Tec-City.

Representative
Offices

Our representative
offices in United Arab Emirates, Bangladesh, Malaysia and Indonesia are regulated by the respective regulatory authorities.

Foreign
Account Tax Compliance Act

The Government
of India entered into a Model 1 inter-governmental agreement with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with the United
States. ICICI Bank has registered with the Internal Revenue Service in the United States. In addition, the United States has entered
into Model 1 inter-governmental agreements with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with the United Kingdom, Canada,
Germany, Belgium, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, the United Arab Emirates, South Africa, Bahrain and reached a similar agreement
in substance with China, and a Model 2 inter-governmental agreement with respect to Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with Hong
Kong. ICICI Bank has taken measures to comply with the terms of applicable intergovernmental agreements with respect to the Foreign
Account Tax Compliance Act and any regulations issued thereunder.

Common
Reporting Standards

The Common
Reporting Standard formally referred to as the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information, is an information
standard for the automatic exchange of information, developed in the context of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
In India requirements under the

Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act/Common
Reporting Standard are implemented by the Central

Board of Direct Taxes. The common
reporting standard has been adopted by the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Belgium, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia,
South Africa, China, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain.

302

Exchange
Controls

Restrictions on Conversion of Rupees

There are restrictions
on the conversion of rupees into dollars. Before February 29, 1992, the Reserve Bank of India determined the official value of
the rupee in relation to a weighted basket of currencies of India’s major trading partners. In the February 1992 budget,
a new dual exchange rate mechanism was introduced by allowing conversion of 60% of the foreign exchange received on trade or current
account at a market-determined rate and the remaining 40% at the official rate. All importers were, however, required to buy foreign
exchange at the market rate except for certain specified priority imports. In March 1993, the exchange rate was unified and allowed
to float. In February 1994 and again in August 1994, the Reserve Bank of India announced relaxations in payment restrictions in
the case of a number of transactions. Since August 1994, the Government of India has substantially complied with its obligations
owed to the International Monetary Fund, under which India is committed to refrain from using exchange restrictions on current
international transactions as an instrument in managing the balance of payments. Effective July 1995, the process of current account
convertibility was advanced by relaxing restrictions on foreign exchange for various purposes, such as foreign travel and medical
treatment.

The Foreign Exchange
Management Act, 1999 regulates transactions involving foreign exchange and provides that certain transactions cannot be carried
out without the general or special permission of the Reserve Bank of India. The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 has substantially
eased the restrictions on current account transactions (with a few exceptions). However, the Reserve Bank of India continues to
exercise control over capital account transactions (i.e., those which alter the assets or liabilities, including contingent liabilities,
of persons). The Reserve Bank of India has issued regulations under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 to regulate the various
kinds of capital account transactions, including certain aspects of the purchase and issuance of shares of Indian companies. The
Reserve Bank of India has also permitted authorized dealers to freely allow remittances by individuals up to US$ 250,000, increased
from the earlier limit of US$ 125,000 in February 2015, subject to certain restrictions per financial year for any permissible
current or capital account transactions or a combination of both, under the Liberalized Remittance Scheme.

Restrictions on Sale of the Equity Shares
underlying ADSs and Repatriation of Sale Proceeds

There are no end-use
restrictions on ADR issue proceeds except for the real estate sector and stock markets, in which investment of ADR issue proceeds
is prohibited.

An ADR holder is entitled
to hold or transfer ADRs or redeem them into underlying ordinary shares with the option to continue holding ordinary shares. ADR
holders are entitled to same bonus and rights issue as any ordinary shareholder of the company.

ADSs issued by Indian
companies to non-residents have free convertibility outside India. Under current Indian regulations there is a general permission
for the sale/transfer of equity shares underlying ADSs obtained after conversion of ADRs by a person not resident in India to a
resident of India if the sale is proposed to be made through a recognized stock exchange or when the underlying shares are being
sold in terms of an offer made under Securities Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations,
2011. For all other cases of sale of shares underlying the ADRs, permission of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

If a sale of securities
has taken place in terms of the Reserve Bank of India guidelines and other applicable regulations, as briefly described in the
previous paragraph, then provided (i) the securities were held on repatriation basis, (ii) the shares were sold on a recognized
stock exchange in India through a stock broker at the ruling market price as determined on the floor of the exchange and (iii)
a no objection/tax clearance certificate from income tax authority had been obtained, the sale proceeds may be freely remitted.

After the announcement
of India’s budget for fiscal 2002, the Reserve Bank of India issued certain notifications for the liberalization of the capital
account. Pursuant to the notifications, in contrast to prior regulations, limited two-way fungibility in ADS/GDR issues of Indian
companies was introduced, subject to sectoral caps, wherever applicable.

On August 28, 2017,
a new edition of Consolidated Foreign Direct Investment Policy came into effect, to further liberalize FDI, which is a capital
account transaction.

Pursuant to the regulations
on transfer or issue of security by a person resident outside India, under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, a domestic
custodian in India is permitted to purchase shares of any Indian company on behalf of a person resident outside India, for the
purpose of converting the shares so purchased into ADSs, provided that:

·   the shares are purchased on a recognized stock exchange;

303

·   the Indian company has issued ADSs;

·   the shares are purchased with the permission of the custodian of ADSs of the concerned Indian company
and are deposited with the custodian;

·   the number of shares so purchased shall not exceed the number of ADSs converted into underlying
shares and shall be subject to sectoral caps as applicable; and

·   the non-resident investor, broker, custodian and the overseas depositary comply with the provisions
of the Scheme for Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (through Depositary Receipt Mechanism) Scheme,
1993 and the guidelines issued there under by the Government of India from time to time.

The Operative Guidelines
for Disinvestment of Shares by the Indian Companies in the Overseas Market through the Issue of ADRs/GDRs were notified by the
Government of India, Ministry of Finance through notification No.15/23/99-NRI dated July 29, 2002. Under these guidelines, the
shareholders may divest their holdings in the overseas market through the mechanism of a sponsored ADS issue by the Indian company.
The holdings which may be divested are holdings in Indian companies which are listed either in India or on an overseas exchange.
The divestment process is initiated when the Indian company whose shares are being offered for divestment in the overseas market
sponsors an ADS issue against the block of existing shares offered by the shareholders under these guidelines. Such ADS issues
against existing shares offered by shareholders under the aforesaid guidelines. The proceeds of ADS issue raised abroad shall be
repatriated into India within a period of one month of the closure of such issue.

Such ADR/GDR issue
against existing shares arising out of divestment must also comply with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial
Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations, 2011, if ADSs are cancelled and the underlying shares are to be registered with
the company. Such divestment would result in foreign equity investment and would also need to conform to the foreign direct investment
sectoral policy. All mandatory approvals including those under the Companies Act, 1956 or Companies Act, 2013 (as applicable) would
have to be obtained prior to the issue. Further, approval of Government of India for foreign equity induction through the offer
of existing shares under the ADR/GDR route would also have to be obtained. Also, divestment inducting foreign equity would need
to be in conformity with the FDI sectoral policy and the applicable sectoral cap.

The Reserve Bank of
India has permitted Indian companies issuing ADSs to repatriate the proceeds of issue to India for deployment for the purposes
permitted by the Government of India; pending repatriation of issue proceeds to India, the Indian company among other things may:

·   invest the funds as an interim arrangement on short-term basis as deposits in foreign banks which
are rated for short-term obligations A1+ by Standard and Poor’s or P1 by Moody’s or with the branches of Indian banks
abroad; or keep the funds as foreign currency deposits with authorized dealers and/or public financial institutions in India; or

·   invest in treasury bills and other monetary instruments with a maturity or unexpired maturity of
one-year or less; or

·   invest in certificate of deposit or other paper issued outside India by banks incorporated in India.

The Reserve Bank of
India permits resident shareholders of Indian companies who offer their shares for conversion to ADSs to receive the sale proceeds
in foreign currency. However, the conversion to such ADSs must have the approval of Government of India. Further, the sale proceeds
received by residents on conversion of shares to ADSs under the approved sponsored ADR/GDR scheme are permitted to be credited
to their Exchange Earners’ Foreign Currency/Resident Foreign Currency (Domestic) accounts or to their rupee accounts in India
at their option.

A new scheme called
'Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014' (DR Scheme, 2014) for investments under ADR / GDR has been effective from December 15, 2014
which provides for repeal of extant guidelines for Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through Depositary Receipt
Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 except to the extent relating to foreign currency convertible bonds.

The issuance of fresh
Depository Receipts and any changes/modifications in the existing terms and conditions of ADR/GDR should be in accordance with
'Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014' or/and is subject to approval/clarification from Reserve Bank of India/Securities and Exchange
Board of India.

In terms of schedule
9 of the Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Resident outside India) Regulations dated November
9, 2017, pertaining to investment in Depository receipts by a person resident outside India, the guidelines are as below:

304

1.   Issue/ transfer of eligible instruments to a foreign depository for the purpose of issuance of
depository receipts by eligible person(s)

i.   Any security or unit in which a person resident outside India is allowed to invest under these
regulations shall be eligible instruments for issue of Depository Receipts in terms of Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014 (DR Scheme,
2014).

ii.   A person will be eligible to issue or transfer eligible instruments to a foreign depository for
the purpose of issuance of depository receipts in accordance with the DR Scheme, 2014 and guidelines issued by Central Government
in this regard.

iii.   A domestic custodian may purchase eligible instruments on behalf of a person resident outside India,
for the purpose of converting the instruments so purchased into depository receipts in terms of DR Scheme 2014.

iv.   The aggregate of eligible instruments which may be issued or transferred to foreign depositories,
along with eligible instruments already held by person resident outside India, shall not exceed the limit on foreign holding of
such eligible instruments under the Act, rules or regulations framed thereunder.

v.   The eligible instruments shall not be issued or transferred to a foreign depository for the purpose
of issuing depository receipts at a price less than the price applicable to a corresponding mode of issue or transfer of such instruments
to domestic investors under the applicable laws.

Depository Receipts
issued under the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme,
1993 shall be deemed to have been issued under the corresponding provisions of DR Scheme 2014 and have to comply with the provisions
laid out in this Schedule.

305

Restriction
on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities

The Government of
India strictly regulates ownership of Indian companies by foreigners. Foreign investment in securities issued by Indian companies,
including the equity shares represented by ADSs, is governed by the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, read with the rules,
regulations and notifications issued thereunder. The Act authorizes the Reserve Bank of India to impose restrictions on inflow
or outflow of the foreign exchange and provides that certain transactions cannot be carried out without the general or special
permission of the Reserve Bank of India or relevant departments of the Government of India. The Foreign Exchange Management Act,
1999 has eased restrictions on current account transactions. However, the Reserve Bank of India continues to exercise control over
capital account transactions (i.e., those which alter the assets or liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of persons).
The Reserve Bank of India has issued regulations under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 to regulate the various kinds
of capital account transactions, including certain aspects of the purchase and issuance of shares of Indian companies.

The issue or transfer
of any security of an Indian company by a person resident outside, foreign investment in Indian securities (shares, convertible
debentures and warrants); exchange traded derivative contracts as well as issuance of rupee denominated shares for issuing ADSs,
are all governed by applicable regulations framed under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and shall be only in accordance
with the terms and conditions specified under such regulations.

The foreign investment
limit in Indian companies shall include, in addition to foreign direct investments, investment by Foreign Portfolio Investors,
Non-Resident Indians, Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds, American Depository Receipts, Global Depository Receipts and convertible
preference shares held by foreign entities.

Under the foreign
investment rules, the following restrictions are applicable to non-resident ownership:

Foreign direct investment

Foreign direct investment
means investment by a non-resident entity/person resident outside India in the equity shares/compulsorily and mandatorily convertible
preference shares/compulsorily and mandatorily convertible debentures/share warrants of an Indian company under Foreign Exchange
Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Outside India) Regulations, 2017.

The above Regulations

inter-alia
 provide for the following restrictions on foreign ownership for banks:

·   Foreign investors (including indirect foreign investment made by foreign institutional investors
and foreign portfolio investors) may own up to 74.0% of our equity share capital subject to guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank
of India from time to time. While foreign direct investment up to 49.0% is under automatic route and does not require any specific
approval, foreign direct investment beyond 49.0% and up to 74.0% requires approval of the Government of India. Additionally, in
case of proposals involving total foreign equity inflow of more than Rs. 50.0 billion, the applicable department shall place the
same for consideration of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs. The aggregate foreign investment limit of 74.0% includes investments
by way of foreign direct investments, ADSs/ Global Depositary Receipts (Depository Receipts) and investment under the Portfolio
Investment Scheme by foreign portfolio investors and non-resident Indians/ Overseas Citizens of India, and also includes shares
acquired by subscription to private placements and public offerings and acquisition of shares from existing shareholders. At least
26.0% of the paid-up capital would have to be held by Indian residents at all times, except in regard to a wholly owned subsidiary
of a foreign bank.

·   An individual non-resident Indian’s holding is restricted to 5.0% of the total paid-up share
capital both on repatriation and non-repatriation basis and the aggregate limit of investment by all non-resident Indians cannot
exceed 10.0 % of the total paid up capital both on repatriation and non-repatriation basis. However, non-resident Indian holdings
can be allowed up to 24.0% of the total paid-up capital subject to a special resolution to this effect passed by the shareholders
of the bank.

·   Any foreign investment in private banks by any person (including his relatives and associate enterprises
and persons acting in concert) whereby such shareholding reaches or exceeds 5.0 % shall require prior approval from the Reserve
Bank of India for acquisition of shares or voting rights. The Reserve Bank of India shall assess the “fit and proper”
status of such foreign investors according to the criteria laid down under the Master Direction dated November 19, 2015 on ‘Prior
approval for acquisition of shares or voting rights in private sector banks’ issued by the Reserve Bank of India, which will
include extensive information on ownership of the investors and beneficial interest in the shares/voting rights being acquired.

Additionally, no person holding
shares in a banking company shall exercise voting rights in excess of 10.0% of the total voting rights of the bank. The approval
for acquisition of shares or voting rights in excess of 10.0% shall be considered at the discretion of the Reserve Bank of India
in certain cases. However, any person who

306

has been permitted by the Reserve
Bank of India to have a shareholding of 10.0 % or more, shall be subject to a minimum holding period of five years.

·   A foreign bank may operate in India through only one of the three channels viz., (i) branches (ii)
a wholly-owned subsidiary and (iii) a subsidiary with aggregate foreign investment up to a maximum of 74.0% in a private bank.
A foreign bank regulated by a banking supervisory authority in their home country and meeting the Reserve Bank of India’s
licensing criteria will be allowed to set up a wholly- owned subsidiary in India. A foreign bank will be permitted to establish
a wholly-owned subsidiary either through conversion of existing branches into a subsidiary or through a fresh banking license.
A foreign bank will be permitted to establish a subsidiary through acquisition of shares of an existing private sector bank provided
at least 26.0% of the paid-up capital of the private sector bank is held by residents at all times. A subsidiary of a foreign bank
will be subject to the licensing requirements and conditions broadly consistent with those for new private sector banks.

The Reserve Bank of India earlier
released its roadmap for foreign banks in India. See also “
Overview of the Indian Financial Sector—Commercial Banks—Foreign
Banks
”. The roadmap was divided into two phases. During the first phase, between March 2005 and March 2009, foreign banks
were allowed to acquire a controlling stake in a phased manner only in private sector banks that are identified by the Reserve
Bank of India for restructuring. The second phase was scheduled to commence in April 2009 after a review of the experience gained
and after due consultation with all the stakeholders in the banking sector. For new and existing foreign banks, it was proposed
to go beyond the existing commitment to the World Trade Organization of allowing an increase of 12 branches per year. A more liberal
policy was to be followed for under-banked areas. However, in April 2009, in view of the deterioration in the global financial
markets, the Reserve Bank of India decided to put on hold the second phase until greater clarity emerged on recovery as well as
the reformed global regulatory and supervisory architecture. In January 2011, the Reserve Bank of India released a discussion paper
on the Presence of Foreign Banks in India. On November 6, 2013, the Reserve Bank of India released the framework for setting up
of wholly owned subsidiaries by foreign banks in India. The Reserve Bank of India, in its second quarter monetary policy review
announced in October 2013 has also proposed near national treatment for foreign banks, based on the principles of reciprocity and
subsidiary mode of presence.

Under the Portfolio
Investment Scheme:

i.   Foreign portfolio investors, as referred in SEBI (FPI) Regulations, 2014, may hold in aggregate
up to 24.0% of paid-up equity capital. This limit may be raised to the sectoral cap/statutory ceiling of 74.0% in case of a private
sector banking company, subject to resolution of the board of directors, a special resolution of the shareholders and prior notification
to the Reserve Bank of India and provided that no single foreign portfolio investor may own more than 10.0% of total paid-up equity
capital on behalf of itself or its sub-accounts.

ii.   Overseas corporate bodies or OCBs are not permitted to invest under the Portfolio Investment Scheme,
although they may continue to hold investments that have already been made under the Portfolio Investment Scheme until such time
as these investments are sold on the stock exchange. Overseas corporate bodies are derecognized as a class of investor entity by
the Reserve Bank of India under various routes and schemes under the foreign exchange regulations.

Foreign Portfolio Investment Scheme
– Purchase of shares or convertible debentures or warrants

The Securities and
Exchange Board of India introduced Foreign Portfolio Regulations, 2014 which repealed the SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors),
Regulations, 1995. Under the Foreign Portfolio Regulations, 2014 foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts and qualified foreign
investors were merged into a new investor class called as foreign portfolio investors. A foreign portfolio investor (FPI) registered
with the Securities and Exchange Board of India can purchase shares or convertible debentures or warrants of an Indian company.
The total holding by each FPI or an investor group as referred in SEBI (FPI) Regulations, 2014, shall be less than 10 percent of
the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or less than 10 percent of the paid-up value of each series of debentures
or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company and the total holdings of all FPIs put together, and the aggregate
limit for all foreign portfolio investors cannot exceed 24 percent of paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or paid up
value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants, which can be raised further up to the sectoral limit
of 74.0% of the total paid-up capital through a special resolution by the board of directors followed by a special resolution passed
at a general meeting of the shareholders of the bank. The clubbing of investment limit of foreign portfolio investors is based
on common ultimate beneficial ownership. In case, the same investor/same set of end investors are constituents of two or more foreign
portfolio investments and such investor(s) have a beneficial ownership of more than 50.0% in those foreign portfolio investments,
the investment limit of such foreign portfolio investments shall be clubbed at the threshold prescribed for a single foreign portfolio
investment. All such foreign portfolio investors will be treated as forming part of an investor group.

307

Transfer of shares or convertible
debentures or warrants by a person resident outside India

A person residing
outside India (other than a non-resident Indian/ Overseas Citizens of India and overseas corporate bodies) may transfer by way
of sale or gift the shares or convertible debentures or warrants held by him or it to any person residing outside India. A person
resident outside India holding the shares or convertible debentures or warrants of an Indian company,

(a)       may
transfer the same to a person resident in India by way of gift;

(b)   may sell the same on a recognized stock exchange in India through a registered broker in the manner
prescribed by Securities and Exchange Board of India; or

(c)       may
sell the same to a person resident in India, without the prior permission of the Reserve Bank of India, subject to the adherence
to pricing guidelines, documentation and reporting requirements for such transfers as may be specified by the Reserve Bank of India
from time to time.

The Reserve Bank of
India guidelines relating to acquisition by purchase or otherwise of equity shares of a private sector bank, if such acquisition
results in any person owning or controlling 5.0% or more of the paid-up capital of the bank, are also applicable to non-resident
investors investing in our shares. For more details on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines relating to acquisition by purchase
or otherwise of shares of a private bank, see “
Supervision and Regulation— Ownership Restrictions
”.

Reporting of foreign investments

In June 2018, the
Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines on reporting of foreign investments with the objective of integrating different
reporting structures for foreign investments in India. As per the guidelines issued on June 7, 2018, a Single Master Form has been
introduced that will be filed online. The Single Master Form would provide a facility for reporting total foreign investments in
an Indian entity as well as investments by persons residing outside India in an investment vehicle.

Prior to the implementation
of the Single Master Form, an interface was provided by the Reserve Bank of India for companies to input their data on total foreign
investments in the specified format. This interface was available from June 28, 2018 to July 12, 2018. Indian entities not complying
with this pre-requisite will not be able to receive foreign investments (including indirect foreign investments) and will be deemed
non-compliant under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and regulations made thereunder.

From September 2018,
all the reporting prescribed under “Foreign Investment in India”, except if specifically stated otherwise, is required
to be done through the Single Master Form (SMF) available on the FIRMS platform of the Reserve Bank of India.

From September 2018,
an Indian entity or an investment vehicle making a downstream investment in another Indian entity which is considered as indirect
foreign investment for the investee Indian entity in terms of Regulation 14 of Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of
Security by a Person Resident outside India) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 2018 shall, besides notifying DIPP, file Form DI with
the Reserve Bank within 30 days from the date of allotment of capital instruments.

Issue of ADSs

Indian companies were
permitted to raise foreign currency resources through the issuance of shares represented by ADSs to foreign investors under the
Scheme for Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (through Depository Receipt Mechanism), 1993 which has
now been replaced by the Depository Receipts Scheme 2014. Such issuance is subject to sectoral cap, entry route, minimum capitalization
norms, pricing norms, etc. as applicable as per the regulations notified by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time in this
regard.

An Indian company
issuing ADSs must comply with certain reporting requirements specified by the Reserve Bank of India. An Indian company may issue
ADSs if it is eligible to issue shares to persons resident outside India under the foreign direct investment scheme, and shall
not exceed the limit on foreign holding of such eligible securities under the extant Foreign Exchange Management Act and the regulations
made thereunder, as amended from time to time. Similarly, an Indian company which is not eligible to raise funds from the Indian
capital markets, including a company which has been restricted from accessing the securities market by the Securities and Exchange
Board of India, will not be eligible to issue ADSs. Investors do not need to seek specific approval from the Government of India
to purchase, hold or dispose of ADSs. However, overseas corporate bodies as defined under applicable Reserve Bank of India regulations,
which are not eligible to invest in India and entities prohibited to buy, sell or deal in securities by the Securities and Exchange
Board

308

of India are not eligible
to subscribe to ADSs issued by Indian companies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any investor were to withdraw its equity shares
from the ADS program, its investment would be subject to the general restrictions on foreign ownership noted above and may be subject
to the portfolio investment restrictions. Secondary purchases of securities of a banking company in India by foreign direct investors
or investments by non-resident Indians, and foreign portfolio investors above the ownership levels set forth above require the
Indian government’s approval on a case-by-case basis. It is unclear whether similar case-by-case approvals of ownership of
equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility by non-resident Indians, overseas corporate bodies and foreign institutional
investors would be required.

Furthermore, if an
investor withdraws equity shares from the ADS program and its direct or indirect holding in us is equal to or exceeds 25.0% of
our total equity, or when such holding is or exceeds 25.0% of the total equity and thereafter such investor acquires additional
5.0% equity within any financial year, such investor may be required to make a public offer to the remaining shareholders under
the Takeover Code. For more details on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines relating to acquisition by purchase or otherwise of
shares of a private bank, see “
Supervision and Regulation—Ownership Restrictions
”.

Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014

An eligible person
may now, issue or transfer eligible securities to a foreign depository for the purpose of issuance of depository receipts in terms
of Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, as amended. However, depository receipts issued under the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible
Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 shall be deemed to have been issued under the corresponding
provisions of the Depository Receipts Scheme 2014.

309

Dividends

Under Indian law, a company pays dividends
upon a recommendation by its Board of Directors and approval by a majority of the shareholders at the annual general meeting of
shareholders held within six months from the end of each fiscal year. The shareholders have the right to decrease but not increase
the dividend amount recommended by the Board of Directors. Dividends may be paid out of the company’s profits for the fiscal
year for which the dividend is declared or out of undistributed profits of prior fiscal years, after excluding amount representing
unrealised gains, notional gains or revaluation of assets and any change in carrying amount of an asset or of a liability on measurement
of the asset or the liability at fair value. Dividends can also be paid by a company in the interim period, termed “interim
dividend” which does not require the approval of the shareholders unless it is combined with the final dividend being recommended
by the Board of Directors. The Reserve Bank of India has stipulated that banks may declare and pay dividend out of the profits
from the relevant accounting period, without prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India if they satisfy the minimum prudential
requirements and subject to the prudential cap on dividend payout ratio prescribed in the guidelines issued in this regard by the
Reserve Bank of India. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Restrictions on Payment of Dividends
”. Equity
shares issued by us are pari passu in all respects including dividend entitlement.

ICICI Bank has paid dividends consistently
every year from fiscal 1996, the second year of our operations. For fiscal 2015, we paid a dividend, excluding dividend tax, of
Rs. 5.00 per equity share, aggregating to Rs. 29.0 billion in June 2015. For fiscal 2016, we paid a dividend, excluding dividend
tax, of Rs. 5.00 per equity share, aggregating to Rs. 29.1 billion in July 2016. For fiscal 2017, we paid a dividend, excluding
dividend tax, of Rs. 2.50 per equity share (pre-bonus issue), aggregating to Rs. 14.6 billion in July 2017. For fiscal 2018, we
paid a dividend, excluding dividend tax, of Rs. 1.50 per equity share, aggregating to Rs. 9.7 billion in September 2018. For fiscal
2019, the Board of directors has proposed a dividend, excluding dividend tax, of Rs. 1.00 per equity share, which will be paid
after approval by the shareholders in the forthcoming annual general meeting.

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the dividend per equity share and the total amount of dividends paid out on the equity shares during the fiscal
year by ICICI Bank, each exclusive of dividend tax. This may be different from the dividend declared for the year.

Dividend per equity share   Total amount of dividends paid
(in Rs.)   (Rs. in billion)
Dividend paid during the fiscal year
2015   4.60   26.6
2016   5.00   29.0
2017   5.00   29.1
2018   2.50   14.6
2019   1.50   9.7

Dividend income is tax-exempt in the hands
of shareholders. However, the Companies are liable to pay dividend distribution tax on distributed profits. In fiscal 2019, we
paid dividend distribution tax at the rate of 20.358% (including surcharge and cess) on distributed profits.

Future dividends will depend upon our revenues,
cash flow, financial condition, the regulations of the Reserve Bank of India and other factors. Owners of ADSs will be entitled
to receive dividends payable in respect of the equity shares represented by such ADSs. The equity shares represented by ADSs rank
pari passu with existing equity shares. At present, we have equity shares issued in India and equity shares represented by ADSs.

One equity share of Rs. 10 was sub-divided
into five equity shares of Rs. 2.00 each in fiscal 2015. Accordingly, dividend per equity share has been adjusted.

310

Taxation

Indian Tax

The following discussion of material Indian
tax consequences to investors in ADSs and equity shares who are not resident in India, regardless of whether such investors are
of Indian origin or not (each, a “non-resident investor”), is based on the provisions of the Indian Income-tax Act,
1961 (the Income Tax Act), including the special tax regime for ADSs contained in section 115AC of the Income Tax Act, which has
been extended to cover additional ADSs that an investor may acquire in a merger or restructuring of the company, and certain regulations
implementing the section 115AC regime. The Income-tax Act is amended every year by the Finance Act of the relevant year. Some or
all of the tax consequences described herein may be amended or modified by future amendments to the Income-tax Act. This summary
is not intended to constitute a complete analysis of the tax consequences under Indian law of the acquisition, ownership and sale
of ADSs and equity shares by non-resident investors. Holders should, therefore, consult their own tax advisers regarding the tax
consequences of such acquisition, ownership and sale, including the tax consequences under Indian law, the law of the jurisdiction
of their residence, any tax treaty between India and their country of residence, and in particular the application of the regulations
implementing the section 115AC regime.

Residence

For the purposes of the Income-tax Act,
an individual is a resident of India during any fiscal year if such individual (i) is in India in that year for 182 days or more
or (ii) is in India for a period or periods aggregating 365 days or more during the four years preceding that fiscal year and periods
aggregating 60 days or more in that fiscal year. The period of 60 days is replaced with 182 days in the case of an Indian citizen
or person of Indian origin who, being resident outside India, comes on a visit to India during the fiscal year, or an Indian citizen
who leaves India for purposes of employment or as a member of the crew of an Indian ship during the fiscal year. A company is resident
in India in any fiscal year if it is an Indian company or its place of effective management in that year is in India. A firm or
other association of persons is resident in India except where the control and the management of its affairs are situated wholly
outside India.

Taxation of Distributions

Dividends paid are not subject to tax in
India in the hands of a recipient. However, we are required to pay Dividend Distribution Tax at the rate of 15% (plus the applicable
surcharge of 12% and education cess of 4%) on the dividends paid/declared/distributed by us. Under section 115-O(1A) of the Income-tax
Act, dividends received by us on which our domestic subsidiaries have paid the dividend distribution tax under this section or
dividends received from our offshore subsidiaries on which we have paid tax under section 115BBD of the Income-tax Act, are deducted
from the dividends paid/declared/distributed by us for the purpose of determining the dividend distribution tax payable by us.
Dividend distribution tax is levied on the gross amount (including distribution tax) instead of the net amount distributed resulting
in increase in dividend distribution tax rate to 20.555% (including the applicable surcharge and education cess).

Taxation on Exchange of ADSs

The receipt of equity shares upon the surrender
of ADSs by a non-resident investor would not give rise to a taxable event for Indian tax purposes.

Taxation on Sale of ADSs or Equity Shares

Any transfer of ADSs outside India by a
non-resident investor to another non-resident investor will not give rise to Indian capital gains tax in the hands of the transferor.
Gains on the transfer of ADSs by Foreign Institutional Investors to an Indian resident will be subject to capital gains tax.

Subject to any relief under any relevant
double taxation treaty, gain arising from the sale of an equity share will generally give rise to liability for Indian income tax
in the hands of the transferor and tax will be required to be withheld at source. Gains will either be taxable as capital gains
or as business income, depending upon the nature of holding. Where the equity share has been held for more than 12 months (measured
from the date on which the request for redemption of the ADS was made), the resulting long-term capital gains will be taxable as
per the provision of Finance Act 2018, at the rate of 10% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess) under section 112A
of the Income Tax Act, if the total long-term capital gain exceeds Rs. 1.00 lakh and the shares are traded on a recognized stock
exchange and the securities transaction tax, described below, is paid on such sale and purchase. However, an additional requirement
for payment of securities transaction tax on conversion of ADSs to equity shares has been relaxed subject to certain conditions.
If the equity share has been held for 12 months or less, the resulting short-term capital gains will be taxable at a tax rate of
15% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess). This rate of tax is

311

applicable provided the gains are treated
as capital gains and provided the shares are sold on recognized Indian stock exchanges and are subject to securities transaction
tax. In other cases, the rate of tax applicable under the provisions of the Income-tax Act varies, subject to a maximum rate of
40% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess). The actual rate depends on a number of factors, including without limitation
the nature of the non-resident investor.

The above rate may be reduced under the
provisions of the double taxation treaty entered into by the Government of India with the country of residence of the non-resident
investors. The double taxation treaty between the United States and India (the “Treaty”) does not provide U.S. residents
with any relief from Indian tax on capital gains i.e. it will be taxable as per the local laws of India.

Tax on long-term and short-term capital
gains, if payable, as discussed above, upon a sale of equity shares, is to be deducted at source by the person responsible for
paying the non-resident, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, and the non-resident will be entitled
to a certificate evidencing such tax deduction in accordance with the provisions of section 203 of the Income Tax Act. As per the
provisions of section 195 of the Income Tax Act, any income by way of capital gains payable to non-residents may be subject to
withholding of tax at the rate under the Income Tax Act or the double taxation treaty, whichever is more beneficial to the assessee,
unless a lower withholding tax certificate is obtained from the tax authorities. However, as per section 196D of the Income Tax
Act, no deduction of tax shall be made from capital gain arising from transfer of securities, payable to a Foreign Institutional
Investor. Further, the non-resident investor must furnish a certificate of his or her residence in a country outside India and
such other documents as may be prescribed under the Act to get the benefit of the applicable double taxation treaty.

In addition, if tax is deductible then
investors are required to submit a valid Permanent Account Number (PAN), issued by the Indian Income Tax authorities, otherwise
tax will be deducted at the higher of (a) the rate specified in the relevant provisions of the Finance Act; (b) the rate or rates
in force; or (c) 20%. If the non-resident investor does not have a PAN, tax identification number may be submitted along with certain
other details such as name, e-mail ID, contact number, address in the country of tax residence along with a tax residency certificate
substantiating such tax identification number in order to avoid higher withholding tax.

For purposes of determining the amount
of capital gains arising on a sale of an equity share for Indian tax purposes, the cost of acquisition of an equity share received
upon the surrender of an ADS will be the price of the share prevailing on the BSE Limited or the National Stock Exchange of India
Limited on the date a request for such redemption was made. The holding period of an equity share received upon the surrender of
an ADS will commence on the date on which request for such redemption of the ADS was made.

A sale/purchase of equity shares entered
into on a recognized stock exchange in India, whether settled by actual delivery or transfer, will be subject to the securities
transaction tax in the hands of purchaser and seller at the rate of 0.1% on the value of the transaction at the time of sale. However,
when settlement is done other than by actual delivery or transfer, it will be subject to the securities transaction tax in the
hands of seller at the rate of 0.025% on the value of the transaction at the time of sale.

Rights

Distributions to non-resident investors
of additional ADSs or equity shares or rights to subscribe for equity shares made with respect to ADSs or equity shares are not
subject to Indian income tax in the hands of the non-resident investor.

In case of capital gains derived from the
sale of rights outside India by a non-resident investor that is not entitled to exemption under a tax treaty, to another non-resident
investor, the sale may be deemed by the Indian tax authorities to be situated within India (as our situs is in India), in which
case, any gains realized on the sale of the rights will be subject to Indian capital gains taxation, in the manner discussed above
under “—Taxation on Sale of ADS or Equity Shares”.

Bonus

The holding period in case of bonus shares
will commence from the date of allotment of such bonus shares. The cost of acquisition of bonus shares acquired before January
31, 2018 will be the fair market value of the bonus shares as on January 31, 2018 but shall not exceed the sales price.

Stamp Duty

Upon the issuance of the equity shares
underlying ADSs, we are required to pay a stamp duty of 0.1% of the issue price per share. A transfer of ADSs is not subject to
stamp duty under Indian law. Generally, upon the receipt of equity shares in physical form from the depositary in exchange for
ADSs representing such equity shares, a non-resident

312

investor is liable for stamp duty under Indian
law which would be applicable to re-issuances in physical form. This stamp duty is the same as stamp duty payable on original issuances
in physical form. Similarly, an agreement to sell equity shares in physical form by a non-resident investor is also subject to
stamp duty at the rate of 0.005% of the market value of the equity shares on the trade date. In addition, a stamp duty of 0.25%
of the market value of the equity shares on the trade date is levied upon the transfer certificate. Customarily, stamp duty is
borne by the transferee, that is, the purchaser. However, our equity shares are compulsorily delivered in non-physical form, unless
the trade is for 500 shares or less, in which case, the shares may be delivered in physical form. Under stamp laws in India, no
stamp duty is payable on the acquisition or transfer of equity shares in non-physical form. Except for the stamp duty payable on
a transfer certificate, the rates of stamp duty provided above are the rates that are applicable when the document is stamped in
the state of Maharashtra. The transfer certificate is stamped as per the rate prescribed under the Indian Stamp Act, 1899.

The Indian Stamp Act, 1899 has been amended
on February 21, 2019, however, the amendment has not become effective. After the amendment becomes effective, the stamp duty will
be payable on the transfer/sale of equity shares held in non-physical form as well. Sale/transfer of equity shares by a non-resident
investor will be subject to stamp duty at the rate of 0.015% on delivery basis or 0.003% on non-delivery basis of the market value
of the equity shares. In the case of sale and/or transfer of equity shares other than through depositories or stock exchanges
or sale and/or transfer through a depository, stamp duty will be payable by the seller.

Other Taxes

At present, there are no taxes on wealth,
gifts or inheritance which apply to the ADSs or underlying equity shares.

Goods and Services Tax

Goods and Services Tax (“GST”)
is a single comprehensive tax levied on the manufacture, sale and consumption of goods and services at a national level. It is
applicable from July 1, 2017 on all transactions of goods and services on which various indirect taxes levied by the Centre and
States is submersed except goods and services outside the purview of GST and transactions below the threshold limit. Brokerage
fees paid to stockbrokers in connection with the sale or purchase of shares which are listed on any recognized stock exchange in
India are subject to GST at a rate of 18%. The stockbroker is responsible for collecting the GST and paying it to the relevant
authority. Sale of the securities including ADS and equity shares is outside the purview of GST.

General Anti Avoidance Rule

The provisions for General Anti Avoidance
of Tax (“GAAR”) are effective from April 1, 2017. The powers to invoke provisions under GAAR are bestowed upon the
Indian Income Tax Authorities if they allege that the primary motive of a particular transaction or arrangement is to obtain a
tax advantage. If provisions under GAAR are invoked by tax authorities, then a tax benefit or benefit under the tax treaty may
be denied.

United States
Federal Income Tax

The
following is a description of material U.S. federal income tax consequences to the U.S. Holders described below of owning and disposing
of ADSs or equity shares, but it does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant
to your decision to own ADSs or equity shares. This discussion applies to you only if you are a U.S. Holder that owns ADSs or equity
shares as capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

This
discussion does not discuss all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances,
including alternative minimum tax consequences, tax consequences of the “Medicare contribution tax” on “net investment
income” and tax consequences that may be applicable to you if you are a person subject to special rules, such as:

·   an
                                         insurance company;

·   a
                                         tax-exempt entity;

·   a
                                         dealer or trader in securities who uses a mark-to-market method of tax accounting;

·   one
                                         of certain financial institutions;

313

·   a
                                         person who owns ADSs or equity shares as part of an integrated investment (including
                                         a straddle or conversion transaction);

·   a
                                         person whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;

·   a
                                         person who acquired or received ADSs or equity shares pursuant to the exercise of any
                                         employee stock option or otherwise as compensation;

·   a
                                         person holding ADSs or equity shares in connection with a trade or business conducted
                                         outside of the United States;

·   a
                                         person who owns, directly, indirectly or constructively, 10.0% or more of our stock,
                                         by vote or value; or

·   a
                                         partnership or other entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

If an entity that is classified as a partnership
for U.S. federal income tax purposes owns ADSs or equity shares, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally
depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships owning ADSs or equity shares and partners
in such partnerships should consult their tax advisers as to the particular U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning and
disposing of ADSs or equity shares.

This discussion is based on the tax laws
of the United States including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the “Code”), proposed and final Treasury
regulations, revenue rulings and judicial decisions, all as of the date hereof, which may change, possibly with retroactive effect.

You are a “U.S. Holder” if
you are, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a beneficial owner of ADSs or equity shares and are:

·   a
                                         citizen or individual resident of the United States;

·   a
                                         corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized under the
                                         laws of the United States, any state therein or the District of Columbia; or

·   an
                                         estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless
                                         of its source.

In general, if you own ADSs you will be
treated as the owner of the underlying equity shares represented by those ADSs for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly,
you will not recognize gain or loss upon an exchange of ADSs for the underlying equity shares represented by those ADSs.

The U.S. T
reasury
has expressed concern that parties to whom depositary shares are released before shares are delivered to the depositary (“pre-release”),
or intermediaries in the chain of ownership between holders and the issuer of the security underlying the depositary shares, may
be taking actions that are inconsistent with the claiming of foreign tax credits by U.S. Holders of depositary shares. These actions
would also be inconsistent with the claiming of the reduced rates of tax, described below, applicable to dividends received by
certain non-corporate U.S. Holders. Accordingly, the availability of the reduced tax rates for dividends received by certain non-corporate
U.S. Holders described below could be affected by actions taken by such parties or intermediaries. This discussion is also based
in part on representations by the depositary and assumes that each obligation under the deposit agreement and any related agreement
will be performed in accordance with its terms.

Please
consult your tax adviser with regard to the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to ADSs or equity shares in your particular
circumstances, including the passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) rules described below, as well as any tax
consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or other taxing jurisdiction.

Taxation
of Dividends

Distributions
you receive on ADSs or equity shares, other than certain pro rata distributions of equity shares or rights to acquire equity
shares to all holders of equity shares (including holders of ADSs), will generally constitute foreign-source dividend income
for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Subject to the PFIC rules described below, the amount of the dividend you will be
required to include in income will be based on the U.S. dollar value of the rupees received, calculated by reference to the
exchange rate in effect on the date the payment is received by the depositary (in the case of ADSs) or by you (in the case of
equity shares) regardless of whether the payment is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt. If the

314

dividend
is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, you should not be required to recognize foreign currency gain or loss in
respect of the dividend income. You may have foreign currency gain or loss if the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars after
the date of receipt. If you realize gain or loss on a sale or other disposition of rupees, it will constitute U.S. source ordinary
income or loss. The amount of the dividend will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally available to U.S.
corporations under the Code. Subject to applicable limitations, the discussion above regarding concerns expressed by the U.S. Treasury
and the PFIC discussion below, if you are a non-corporate U.S. Holder, dividends paid to you may be taxable at the favorable rates
applicable to long-term capital gains. If you are a non-corporate U.S. Holder, you should consult your tax adviser to determine
whether you are subject to any special rules that limit your ability to be taxed at these favorable rates.

Taxation
of Capital Gains

You
will recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes on the sale or exchange of ADSs or equity shares. Subject to the
PFIC rules discussed below, the gain or loss will generally be U.S. source capital gain or loss, which will be long-term capital
gain or loss if you have owned such ADSs or equity shares for more than one year. You should consult your tax adviser about the
treatment of capital gains, which may be taxed at lower rates than ordinary income for non-corporate taxpayers, and capital losses,
the deductibility of which may be limited. The amount of the gain or loss will equal the difference between your tax basis in the
ADSs or equity shares disposed of and the amount realized on the disposition, in each case as determined in U.S. dollars.

Under
certain circumstances as described under “—Indian Tax—Taxation on sale of ADSs or Equity Shares,” you may
be subject to Indian tax upon the disposition of equity shares. You should consult your tax adviser with respect to your ability
to credit this Indian tax against your U.S. federal income tax liability. Any gain or loss on the sale or exchange of ADSs or equity shares will be U.S. source.

Passive
Foreign Investment Company Rules

In
general, a foreign corporation is a PFIC for any taxable year in which (i) 75.0% or more of its gross income consists of
passive income (such as dividends, interest, rents, royalties and capital gains) or (ii) 50.0% or more of the average
quarterly value of its assets consists of assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. There are
certain exceptions for active business income, including exceptions for certain income earned by foreign active banks and
insurance companies. Based upon certain proposed Treasury regulations (the "Active Banks Proposed Regulations"), which were
proposed to be effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 1994, we do not believe we were a PFIC for our
taxable year that ended March 31, 2019. Because there can be no assurance that the Active Banks Proposed Regulations will
be finalized in their current form and the manner of their application of the Active Banks Proposed Regulations is not
entirely clear because the rules applicable to active insurance companies are subject to change (including under recently
proposed Treasury regulations), and because the composition of our income and assets will vary over time and our PFIC status
for any taxable year will depend, in large part, on the extent to which our income and assets will be considered active under
the exception for active banks and insurance companies, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for any taxable
year.

If
we were a PFIC for any taxable year during which you owned ADSs or equity shares, you may be subject to adverse tax consequences.
Generally, gain recognized upon a disposition (including, under certain circumstances, a pledge) of ADSs or equity shares by you
would be allocated ratably over your holding period for such ADSs or equity shares. The amounts allocated to the taxable year of
disposition and to years before we became a PFIC would be taxed as ordinary income. The amount allocated to each other taxable
year would be subject to tax at the highest rate in effect for that taxable year for individuals or corporations, as appropriate,
and an interest charge would be imposed on the tax attributable to the allocated amounts. Further, to the extent that any distribution
received by you on your ADSs or equity shares exceeds 125% of the average of the annual distributions on such ADSs or equity shares
received during the preceding three years or your holding period, whichever is shorter, that distribution would be subject to taxation
in the same manner as gain, as described above in this paragraph.

If
we were a PFIC for any year during which you owned ADSs or equity shares, we generally would continue to be treated as a PFIC with
respect to such ADSs or equity shares for all succeeding years during which you owned the ADSs or equity shares, even if we ceased
to meet the threshold requirements for PFIC status.

Alternatively,
if we were a PFIC and if ADSs or equity shares were “regularly traded” on a “qualified exchange,” you could
make a mark-to-market election that would result in tax treatment different from the general tax treatment for PFICs described
above. ADSs or equity shares would be treated as “regularly traded” in any calendar year in which more than a de minimis
quantity of ADSs or equity shares, as the case may be, were traded on a qualified exchange on at least 15 days during each calendar
quarter. The New York Stock Exchange, on which our ADSs are listed, is a qualified exchange for this purpose. A foreign exchange
is a “qualified exchange” if it is regulated by a governmental authority in the jurisdiction in which the exchange
is located and with respect to which certain other requirements are met.

315

If
you make the mark-to-market election (assuming the election is available), you generally will recognize as ordinary income any
excess of the fair market value of ADSs or equity shares at the end of each taxable year over their adjusted tax basis, and will
recognize an ordinary loss in respect of any excess of the adjusted tax basis of ADSs or equity shares over their fair market value
at the end of the taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of income previously included as a result of the mark-to-market
election). If you make the election, your tax basis in ADSs or equity shares will be adjusted to reflect these income or loss amounts.
Any gain recognized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs or equity shares in a year when we are a PFIC will be treated as ordinary
income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss (but only to the extent of the net amount of income previously included as
a result of the mark-to-market election).

In
addition, if we were a PFIC or, with respect to you, were treated as a PFIC for the taxable year in which we paid a dividend or
for the prior taxable year, the favorable tax rates with respect to dividends paid to certain non-corporate U.S. Holders, described
above under “—Taxation of Dividends”, would not apply.

If
we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which you owned our ADSs or equity shares, you will generally be required to file IRS
Form 8621 with your annual U.S. federal income tax returns, subject to certain exceptions.

You
should consult your tax adviser regarding whether we are or were a PFIC and the potential application of the PFIC rules.

Information
Reporting and Backup Withholding

Payments
of dividends and sales proceeds that are made within the United States or through certain U.S.-related financial intermediaries
generally are subject to information reporting and to backup withholding, unless (i) you are an exempt recipient or (ii) in the
case of backup withholding, you provide a correct taxpayer identification number and certify that no loss of exemption from backup
withholding has occurred. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to you will be allowed as a credit against your U.S.
federal income tax liability and may entitle you to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the
Internal Revenue Service.

316

Presentation
Of Financial Information

Pursuant to the issuance and listing of
our securities in the United States under registration statements filed with the United States Securities Exchange Commission,
we file annual reports on Form 20-F, which must include financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States (U.S. GAAP) or financial statements prepared according to a comprehensive body of accounting principles with
a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP. When we first listed our securities in the United States,
Indian GAAP was not considered a comprehensive body of accounting principles under the United States securities laws and regulations.
Accordingly, our annual reports on Form 20-F for fiscal years 2000 through 2005 have included U.S. GAAP financial statements. However,
pursuant to a significant expansion of Indian accounting standards, Indian GAAP constitutes a comprehensive body of accounting
principles. Accordingly, from fiscal 2006 onwards we have included in the annual report consolidated financial statements prepared
according to Indian GAAP, which varies in certain respects from U.S. GAAP. For a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’
equity to U.S. GAAP, a description of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and certain additional information
required under U.S. GAAP, see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements herein. For selected financial data in accordance
with U.S. GAAP see “
Selected Consolidated Financial and Operating Data—Selected U.S. GAAP Financial Data
”.

The data for fiscal 2015 through fiscal
2019 have been derived from our consolidated financial statements. The accounting and reporting policies used in the preparation
of our financial statements reflect general industry practices and conform with Indian GAAP including the Accounting Standards
(AS) issued by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority and the National Housing Bank as applicable to relevant companies. In the case of foreign subsidiaries,
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles as applicable to the respective subsidiaries are followed.

From April 1, 2018, certain subsidiaries
of the Bank, namely ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company
Limited and ICICI Home Finance Limited have adopted Ind AS, revised set of accounting standards issued by The Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India (which largely converges the Indian accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards).
However, for preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Bank, financial statements continued to be as per current
Indian GAAP of these entities have been considered. All the numbers reported/considered in this document for these subsidiaries
are based on current Indian GAAP.

The consolidated financial statements for
fiscal 2015 through fiscal 2018 were audited by B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants, and for fiscal 2019 by Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants, under auditing standards issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The consolidated
financial statements for fiscal 2015 through 2019 have also been audited by KPMG, an independent registered public accounting firm
in India, in accordance with the auditing standards of the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. Our published
Indian GAAP consolidated financial statements and disclosures relating to U.S. GAAP net income reconciliation and stockholders’
equity reconciliation as required by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable GAAP, audited by KPMG, are set forth
at the end of this annual report.

Under U.S. GAAP, the consolidation of ICICI’s
majority ownership interest in two insurance companies, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited, because of substantive participative rights retained by the minority shareholders, had been accounted
for by the equity method up till fiscal 2017. On July 3, 2017 our general insurance joint venture agreement with Fairfax Financial
Holdings was terminated in a mutual agreement. Hence, under U.S. GAAP, the ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited has
been fully consolidated from fiscal 2018. Under Indian GAAP, these insurance subsidiaries are fully consolidated.

Although we have translated in this annual
report certain rupee amounts into dollars for convenience, this does not mean that the rupee amounts referred to could have been,
or could be, converted into dollars at any particular rate, the rates stated earlier in this annual report, or at all. Except in
the section on “Market Price Information”, all translations from rupees to U.S. dollars are based on the exchange rate
as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board at year-end fiscal 2018. The Federal Reserve Bank of
New York certifies this rate for customs purposes in a weekly version of the H.10 release. The exchange rate as set forth in the
H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board at year-end fiscal 2019 was Rs. 69.16 per US$ 1.00.

317

Additional Information

Memorandum and Articles of Association

Objects and Purposes

Pursuant to Clause
III.A.1 of ICICI Bank’s Memorandum of Association, ICICI Bank’s main objective is to, inter alia, carry on the business
of banking in any part of India or outside India.

Directors’ Powers

ICICI Bank’s directors’ powers
include the following:

·   Article 140 of the Articles of Association provides that no director of ICICI Bank shall, as a
director, take any part in the discussion of or vote on any contract or arrangement if such director is directly or indirectly
concerned or interested in such contract or arrangement

·   Directors have no powers to vote in absence of a quorum.

·   Article 83 of the Articles of Association provides that the directors may by a resolution passed
at a meeting of the Board of Directors, borrow moneys and raise and secure the payment of amounts in a manner and upon such terms
and conditions in all respects as they think fit and in particular by the issue of bonds, perpetual or redeemable debentures or
debenture stock, or any mortgage or charge or other security on the undertaking or the whole or any part of the property of ICICI
Bank (both present and future) including our uncalled capital.

Amendment to Rights of Holders of Equity
Shares

Any change to the
existing rights of the equity holders can be made only by amending the Articles of Association which would require a special resolution
of the shareholders, passed by not less than three times the number of votes cast against the resolution.

Change in Control Provisions

Article 59 of the
Articles of Association provides that the Board of Directors may at its discretion decline to register or acknowledge any transfer
of shares in respect of shares upon which we have a lien or while any money in respect of the shares desired to be transferred
on any of them remain unpaid. Moreover, the Board of Directors may refuse to register the transfer of any shares if the total nominal
value of the shares or other securities intended to be transferred by any person would, together with the total nominal value of
any shares held in ICICI Bank, exceed 1% of the paid-up equity share capital of ICICI Bank or if the Board of Directors is satisfied
that as a result of such transfer, it would result in the change in the Board of Directors or change in the controlling interest
of ICICI Bank and that such change would be prejudicial to the interests of ICICI Bank. However, under the Indian Companies Act,
the enforceability of such transfer restrictions is unclear.

Recent Amendments to Memorandum and Articles
of Association

The Shareholders at
the annual general meeting held on September 12, 2018 approved the following:

1.   Re-classification of the authorised share capital of the Bank from Rs . 25.0 billion divided into 10,000,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each, 15,000,000 shares of Rs. 100 each and 350 shares of
Rs. 10,000,000 each to Rs. 25.0 billion comprising 12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each;

2.   Clause V of the Memorandum of association of the Bank relating to Capital was substituted by the
following Clause:

The authorised
capital of the Company shall be Rs. 25,000,000,000 comprising 12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each with power to increase
or reclassify or alter the capital of the Company and to divide or consolidate the shares in the capital for the time being into
several classes and face values and to attach thereto respectively such preferential, cumulative, convertible, guarantee, qualified
or other special rights, privileges, conditions or restrictions, as may be determined by or in accordance with the Articles of
Association of the Company for the time being and to vary, modify or abrogate any such right, privilege or condition or restriction
in such manner as may for the time being be permitted by the Articles of Association of the Company and the legislative provisions
for the time being in force.

The last amendment as effected to the Articles
of Association are as follows:

318

The Shareholders at
the annual general meeting held on September 12, 2018 approved the substitution of Article 5(a) of the Articles of Association
of the Bank relating to Capital by the following Clause:

The Authorised Capital
of the Company is Rs. 25.0 billion comprising 12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each.

The Memorandum and
Articles of Association reflecting the above revisions are attached as exhibits to this annual report.

Documents on Display

The documents concerning
us which are referred to herein may be inspected at the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). You may read and
copy any document filed or furnished by us at the SEC’s public reference rooms in Washington D.C., New York and Chicago,
Illinois or obtain them by mail upon payment of prescribed rates. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information.
The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov, which contains, in electronic form, each of the reports and other information
that we have filed electronically with the SEC. Information about ICICI Bank is also available on the web at www.icicibank.com.

Incorporation by Reference

We incorporate by reference the information
disclosed under “Description of Equity Shares” and “Description of the American Depositary Shares” in
ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-30132).

319

EXHIBIT
INDEX

Exhibit
        No.   Description
        of Document
1.1   ICICI Bank Memorandum of Association, as amended.
1.2   ICICI Bank Articles of Association, as amended.
2.1   Deposit Agreement among ICICI Bank, Deutsche Bank and the holders from time
    to time of American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder (including as an exhibit, the form of American Depositary Receipt)
    (incorporated herein by reference to ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-30132)).
2.2   Letter
    Agreements dated February 19, 2002 and April 1, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report
    on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2002 filed on September 30, 2002) , Letter
    Agreement dated March 8, 2005 (incorporated by reference to ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement on Form F-3 (File No.
    333-121664)) and Letter
    Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated by reference to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal 2012)
    amending and supplementing the Deposit Agreement.
2.3   Letter
    Agreement dated June 2, 2016, supplementing the Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011(incorporated by reference to ICICI
    Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal 2016).
2.4   Letter
    Agreement dated October 31, 2017, amending and supplementing the Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011.
2.5   ICICI Bank’s Specimen Certificate for
    Equity Shares.
4.1   ICICI Bank’s Employee Stock Option Plan,
    as amended.
8.1   List of Subsidiaries (included under “Business—Subsidiaries,
    Associates and Joint Ventures” herein).
11.1   Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as amended.
12.1   Certification of the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the
    Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
12.2   Certification of the Group Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant
    to Section     302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
13.1   Certification of periodic financial report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
    1350, as mandated by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

320

SIGNATURES

The registrant hereby certifies that it
meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual
report on our behalf.

For ICICI BANK LIMITED
By:   /s/ Rakesh Jha
Name: Mr. Rakesh Jha
Title: Group Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 31, 2019

321

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Consolidated
Financial Statements For
the year ended March 31, 2018 and
March 31, 2019 together with
Auditors’ Report

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

Contents   Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Consolidated balance sheet   F-5
Consolidated profit and loss account   F-6
Consolidated cash flow statement   F-7
Schedules to the consolidated financial statements   F-9

F-
1

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders
and Board of Directors

ICICI Bank
Limited

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries (the
Company) as of March 31, 2019 and 2018, the related consolidated profit and loss accounts and consolidated
cash flow statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2019 and the related notes and
financial statement schedules (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
March 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended March 31, 2019, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in India.

Accounting
principles generally accepted in India vary in certain significant respects from accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. Information relating to the nature and effect of such differences is presented in Note 21 of Schedule
18B to the consolidated financial statements.

We also
have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2019, based on criteria established in
Internal
Control – Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(‘COSO’), and our report dated July 31, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting.

Basis
for Opinion

These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/KPMG

We have served as the Company’s
auditor since 1999.

Mumbai, Maharashtra, India

F-
2

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

To the Stockholders and Board
of Directors

ICICI Bank Limited

Opinion
on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have
audited ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2019,
based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of March 31, 2019, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)

issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of March 31, 2019 and 2018,  the related consolidated profit and loss
accounts and consolidated cash flow statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2019,
and
the related notes and financial statement schedules 1 to 18B (collectively, the consolidated financial
statements)
and our report dated July 31, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial
statements.

Basis
 for Opinion

The
Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting of Form 20-F. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a
public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the PCAOB.

We conducted
our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness
of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations
of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements.

F-
3

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/KPMG

Mumbai, Maharashtra, India

July 31,
2019

F-
4

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated balance sheet

(Rs. in thousands)

At
Schedule   March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
CAPITAL AND LIABILITIES
Capital   1   12,894,598   12,858,100
Employees stock options outstanding   46,755   55,699
Reserves and surplus   2   1,129,592,715   1,093,383,172
Minority interest   2A   65,805,358   60,081,860
Deposits   3   6,813,169,361   5,857,961,125
Borrowings   4   2,103,241,208   2,294,018,266
Liabilities on policies in force   1,523,787,542   1,314,884,251
Other liabilities and provisions   5   739,401,370   609,567,929
TOTAL CAPITAL AND LIABILITIES   12,387,938,907   11,242,810,402
ASSETS
Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India   6   380,662,784   332,726,026
Balances with banks and money at call and short notice   7   493,246,169   557,265,307
Investments   8   3,982,007,553   3,722,076,772
Advances   9   6,469,616,813   5,668,542,198
Fixed assets   10   96,604,227   94,650,053
Other assets   11   965,801,361   867,550,046
TOTAL ASSETS   12,387,938,907   11,242,810,402
Contingent liabilities   12   26,120,719,378   18,910,358,283
Bills for collection   495,791,861   287,054,059
Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts   17 & 18

The Schedules referred to above form an integral part of the
Consolidated Balance Sheet.

F-
5

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated
profit and loss account

(Rs. in thousands,
except per share data)

Year ended
Schedule   March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018   March 31, 2017
I.    INCOME
Interest earned   13   719,816,540   621,623,505   609,399,802
Other income   14   593,248,453   568,067,510   524,576,505
TOTAL INCOME   1,313,064,993   1,189,691,015   1,133,976,307
II.    EXPENDITURE
Interest expended   15   391,775,414   342,620,468   348,358,328
Operating expenses   16   642,588,800   557,556,292   481,699,705
Provisions and contingencies (refer note 18.7)   221,809,173   198,518,808   190,514,979
TOTAL EXPENDITURE   1,256,173,387   1,098,695,568   1,020,573,012
III.  PROFIT/(LOSS)
Net profit for the year   56,891,606   90,995,447   113,403,295
Less: Minority interest   14,349,219   13,873,582   11,519,450
Net profit after minority interest   42,542,387   77,121,865   101,883,845
Profit brought forward   219,991,613   215,045,471   198,210,764
TOTAL PROFIT/(LOSS)   262,534,000   292,167,336   300,094,609
IV.  APPROPRIATIONS/TRANSFERS
Transfer to Statutory Reserve   8,409,000   16,944,000   24,503,000
Transfer to Reserve Fund   7,569   10,541   9,824
Transfer to Capital Reserve   280,000   25,654,600   52,933,000
Transfer to Capital Redemption Reserve   3,500,000   ----   ----
Transfer to/(from) Investment Reserve Account   ----   ----   ----
Transfer to/(from) Investment Fluctuation Reserve   12,692,000   ----   ----
Transfer to Special Reserve   5,352,000   6,206,000   4,867,000
Transfer to/(from) Revenue and other reserves   245,223   6,454,526   446,499
Dividend paid during the year   9,651,292   14,574,649   9,456
Corporate dividend tax paid during the year   1,933,076   2,331,407   2,280,359
Balance carried over to balance sheet   220,463,840   219,991,613   215,045,471
TOTAL   262,534,000   292,167,336   300,094,609
Significant accounting policies
and notes to accounts   17 & 18
Earnings per share (refer note 18.1)
Basic (Rs.)   6.61   12.02   15.91
Diluted (Rs.)   6.53   11.89   15.84
Face value per share (Rs.)   2.00   2.00   2.00

The Schedules referred to above form an integral part of the
Consolidated Profit and Loss Account.

F-
6

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated
cash flow statement

(Rs.
in thousands)

Year ended
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018   March 31, 2017
Cash flow from/(used in) operating activities
Profit before taxes   59,733,445   95,911,046   126,574,260
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation   10,453,730   10,390,761   10,444,420
Net (appreciation)/depreciation on investments 1   57,889   (21,343,283   )   (57,426,431   )
Provision in respect of non-performing and other assets   176,113,934   147,516,047   157,937,006
General provision for standard assets   2,414,407   2,960,374   (3,733,753   )
Provision for contingencies & others   22,498,491   9,763,944   2,257,433
(Profit)/loss on sale of fixed assets   22,012   (29,027   )   14,230
Employees stock option grants   79,426   131,128   180,903
(i)   271,373,154   245,300,990   236,248,068
Adjustments for:
(Increase)/decrease in investments   33,463,685   (147,368,884   )   (66,071,502   )
(Increase)/decrease in advances   (972,978,394   )   (687,502,223   )   (411,803,233   )
Increase/(decrease) in deposits   955,208,236   732,088,482   615,098,725
(Increase)/decrease in other assets   (31,691,451   )   (80,169,309   )   (81,035,546   )
Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities and provisions   314,897,698   175,987,900   292,951,343
(ii)   298,899,774   (6,964,034   )   349,139,787
Refund/(payment) of  direct taxes   (iii)   (83,562,401   )   (44,507,633   )   (59,032,520   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) operating  activities   ((i)+(ii)+(iii)) (A)   486,710,527   193,829,323   526,355,335
Cash flow from/(used in) investing activities
Purchase of fixed assets   (11,481,488   )   (10,421,438   )   (13,167,144   )
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets   468,831   265,828   156,340
(Purchase)/sale of held to maturity securities   (290,459,494   )   (495,578,927   )   (3,046,583   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) investing activities   (B)   (301,472,151   )   (505,734,537   )   (16,057,387   )
Cash flow from/(used in) financing activities
Proceeds from issue of share capital (including ESOPs)   3,486,300   3,939,495   1,772,579
Proceeds from long-term borrowings   262,388,237   430,554,398   403,761,367
Repayment of long-term borrowings   (304,162,713   )   (404,339,556   )   (508,077,502   )
Net proceeds/(repayment) of short-term borrowings   (149,997,897   )   383,766,528   (217,920,893   )
Dividend and dividend tax paid   (11,688,270   )   (17,161,116   )   (34,230,910   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) financing activities   (C)   (199,974,343   )   396,759,749   (354,695,359   )
Effect of exchange fluctuation on translation reserve   (D)   (1,346,413   )   228,112   (1,053,605   )

F-
7

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated cash flow statement
(Continued)

Year ended
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018   March 31, 2017
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents      (A) + (B) + (C) + (D)   (16,082,380   )   85,082,647   154,548,984
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year   889,991,333   804,908,686   650,359,702
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year   873,908,953   889,991,333   804,908,686

1.   For the year ended March 31, 2019, includes gain on sale of a part of equity investment in a subsidiary, ICICI
                                                                             Prudential                                                                              Life Insurance Company Limited,
                                                                             through an offer for sale on stock exchanges (year ended March 31, 2018: includes gain on
                                                                             sale of a part of equity investment in the subsidiaries, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI
                                                                             Securities                                                                              Limited, year ended March 31, 2017:
                                                                             includes gain on sale of a part of equity investments in a subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited,
                                                                             through initial public offers).

2.   Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, balances
with RBI, balances with other banks and money at call and short notice.

F-
8

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the consolidated balance sheet

SCHEDULE 1 - CAPITAL

(Rs.
in thousands)

March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
Authorised capital
12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each 1 (March 31, 2018: 10,000,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each, 15,000,000 shares of Rs. 100 each 2 and 350 preference shares of Rs. 10.0 million each)   25,000,000   25,000,000
Equity share capital Issued, subscribed and paid-up capital
6,427,990,776 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2018: 5,824,476,135 equity shares)   12,855,981   11,648,952
Add: 18,248,877 3 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2018: 603,514,641 3,4 equity shares) issued during the period   36,498   1,207,029
12,892,479   12,855,981
Add:    Forfeited equity shares 5   2,119   2,119
TOTAL CAPITAL   12,894,598   12,858,100

1.   Pursuant to the approval
of shareholders, the Bank has re-classified its authorized share capital during the year ended March 31, 2019.

2.   These shares were of such
class and with such rights, privileges, conditions or restrictions as may be determined by the Bank in accordance with the Articles
of Association of the Bank and subject to the legislative provisions in force for the time being in that behalf.

3.   Represents equity shares
issued pursuant to exercise of employee stock options during the year ended March 31, 2019 (year ended March 31, 2018: 20,530,097
equity shares).

4.   For the year ended March
31, 2018, includes 582,984,544 equity shares issued as bonus shares pursuant to approval by the shareholders of the Bank through
postal ballot on June 12, 2017.

5.   On account of forfeiture
of 266,089 equity shares of Rs. 10 each.

F-
9

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the consolidated balance sheet

(Continued)

SCHEDULE
2 - RESERVES AND SURPLUS

(Rs.
in thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
I.         Statutory reserve
Opening balance   228,968,519   212,024,519
Additions during the year   8,409,000   16,944,000
Deductions during the year   --   --
Closing balance   237,377,519   228,968,519
II.        Special reserve
Opening balance   94,387,700   88,181,700
Additions during the year   5,352,000   6,206,000
Deductions during the year   --   --
Closing balance   99,739,700   94,387,700
III.       Securities premium
Opening balance   326,802,474   323,932,017
Additions during the year 1   3,530,743   4,036,426
Deductions during the year 2   --   (1,165,969   )
Closing balance   330,333,217   326,802,474
IV.       Investment reserve account
Opening balance   --   --
Additions during the year   --   --
Deductions during the year   --   --
Closing balance   ---   ---
V.        Investment fluctuation reserve
Opening balance   --   --
Additions during the year 3   12,692,000   --
Deductions during the year   --   --
Closing balance   12,692,000   ---
VI.       Unrealised investment reserve 4
Opening balance   187,932   160,445
Additions during the year   11,439   36,647
Deductions during the year   (84,598   )   (9,160   )
Closing balance   114,773   187,932
VII.      Capital reserve
Opening balance   128,505,616   102,851,016
Additions during the year 5   280,000   25,654,600
Deductions during the year   --   --
Closing balance 6   128,785,616   128,505,616
VIII.    Capital redemption reserve (refer note 18.6)
Opening balance   --   --
Additions during the year 7   3,500,000   --
Deductions during the year   --   --
Closing balance   3,500,000   --

F-
10

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the consolidated balance sheet

(Continued)

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
IX.    Foreign currency translation reserve
Opening balance   19,351,116   19,123,004
Additions during the year   308,432   241,842
Deductions during the year   (1,654,845   )   (13,730   )
Closing balance   18,004,703   19,351,116
X.       Revaluation reserve (refer note 18.16)
Opening balance   30,276,392   30,651,113
Additions during the year 8   1,038,994   263,895
Deductions during the year 9   (615,400   )   (638,616   )
Closing balance   30,699,986   30,276,392
XI.     Reserve fund
Opening balance   66,399   55,858
Additions during the year 10   7,569   10,541
Deductions during the year   --   --
Closing balance   73,968   66,399
XII.    Revenue and other reserves
Opening balance   50,099,364   42,581,179
Additions during the year   970,707   8,533,984
Deductions during the year 11   (2,999,924   )   (1,015,799   )
Closing balance 12,13,14   48,070,147   50,099,364
XIII.   Balance in profit and loss account 15,16   220,201,086   214,737,660
TOTAL RESERVES AND SURPLUS   1,129,592,715   1,093,383,172

1.   Includes Rs.3,451.5 million (March 31, 2018: Rs.3,905.3
million) on exercise of employee stock options.

2.   Represents amount utilised on account of issuance of bonus
shares during the year ended March 31, 2018.

3.   Represents an amount transferred by the Bank to Investment
Fluctuation Reserve (IFR) on net profit on sale of AFS and HFT investments during the year. As per the RBI circular, from the
year ended March 31, 2019, an amount not less than the lower of net profit on sale of AFS and HFT category investments during
the year or net profit for the year less mandatory appropriations is required to be transferred to IFR, until the amount of IFR
is at least 2% of the HFT and AFS portfolio.

4.   Represents unrealised profit/(loss) pertaining to the investments
of venture capital funds.

5.   Includes appropriations made by the Bank for profit on
sale of investments in held-to-maturity category, net of taxes and transfer to Statutory Reserve and profit on sale of land and
buildings, net of taxes and transfer to Statutory Reserve.

6.   Includes capital reserve on consolidation amounting to
Rs.79.1 million (March 31, 2018: Rs.79.1 million).

7.   Represents amount transferred by the Bank from accumulated
profit on account of Redeemable Non-Cumulative Preference Shares (350 RNCPS) of Rs.10.0 million each redeemed at par on April
20, 2018. The Bank has created Capital redemption reserve, as required under the Companies Act, 2013, out of surplus profits available
for previous years.

8.   Represents gain on revaluation of premises carried out
by the Bank and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited.

9.   Represents amount transferred from Revaluation Reserve
to General Reserve on account of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation amounting to Rs.589.5 million (year ended March
31, 2018: Rs.572.4 million) and revaluation surplus on assets sold amounting to Rs.25.9 million (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs.66.2
million) for the year ended March 31, 2019.

10.   Includes appropriations made to Reserve Fund in accordance
with regulations applicable to Sri Lanka branch.

11.   Includes Rs. 2,209.4 million towards reduction in fair
value change account of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited (March 31, 2018: addition of Rs.316.7 million).

12.   Includes unrealised profit/(loss), net of tax, of Rs.(536.3)
million (March 31, 2018: Rs. (530.3) million) pertaining to the investments in the available-for-sale category of ICICI Bank UK
PLC.

13.   Includes restricted reserve of Rs.3.8 million (March 31,
2018: Rs.4.4 million) primarily relating to lapsed contracts of the life insurance subsidiary.

14.   Includes debenture redemption reserve amounting to Rs.135.5
million (March 31, 2018: Rs.58.1 million) of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

15.   During the year ended March 31, 2018, the Bank made provision
amounting to Rs.5,254.0 million for frauds on non-retail accounts through reserves and surplus, as permitted by RBI. During the
year ended March 31, 2019, the entire provision has been recognised in profit and loss account and equivalent debit has been reversed
in reserves and surplus as required by RBI.

16.   Includes impact of Rs.263.0 million (equivalent to CAD
5.1 million) on account of adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 9– Financial instruments by ICICI
Bank Canada. Refer note 18.19 - Adoption of IFRS 9 by ICICI Bank Canada.

F-
11

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the consolidated balance sheet

(Continued)

SCHEDULE 2A - MINORITY INTEREST

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
Opening minority interest   60,081,860   48,653,128
Subsequent increase/(decrease) during the year   5,723,498   11,428,732
CLOSING MINORITY INTEREST   65,805,358   60,081,860

SCHEDULE 3 - DEPOSITS

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
A. I.  Demand deposits
i) From banks   74,141,205   65,794,398
ii) From others   893,908,957   847,859,874
II.  Savings bank deposits   2,355,305,786   2,092,910,102
III. Term deposits
i) From banks   165,000,950   115,526,501
ii) From others   3,324,812,463   2,735,870,250
TOTAL DEPOSITS   6,813,169,361   5,857,961,125
B.  I.    Deposits of branches in India   6,447,910,340   5,552,574,768
II.  Deposits of branches/subsidiaries outside India   365,259,021   305,386,357
TOTAL DEPOSITS   6,813,169,361   5,857,961,125

F-
12

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the consolidated balance sheet

(Continued)

SCHEDULE 4 - BORROWINGS

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
I.  Borrowings In India
i) Reserve Bank of India   66,551,500   141,737,000
ii) Other banks   98,446,218   82,624,079
iii) Other institutions and agencies
a)  Government of India   --   --
b)  Financial institutions   279,488,963   298,463,118
iv) Borrowings in the form of
a) Deposits   10,506,425   2,313,944
b) Commercial paper   19,095,340   12,901,469
c) Bonds and debentures (excluding subordinated debt)   220,533,206   252,991,640
v)  Application money-bonds   --   --
vi)  Capital instruments
a) Innovative Perpetual Debt Instruments (IPDI)  (qualifying as additional Tier 1 capital)   101,200,000   94,800,000
b) Hybrid debt capital instruments issued as bonds/debentures (qualifying as Tier 2 capital)   33,800,000   84,035,112
c)  Redeemable Non-Cumulative Preference Shares (RNCPS) (350 RNCPS of Rs. 10.0 million each issued to preference share holders of erstwhile ICICI Limited on amalgamation, redeemable at par on April 20, 2018)   --   3,500,000
d) Unsecured redeemable debentures/bonds (subordinated debt included in Tier 2 capital)   142,667,140   143,330,107
TOTAL BORROWINGS IN INDIA   972,288,792   1,116,696,469
II.	Borrowings outside India
i) Capital instruments
Unsecured redeemable debentures/bonds  (subordinated debt included in Tier 2 capital)   15,445,655   9,761,898
ii) Bonds and notes   443,701,483   437,325,520
iii) Other borrowings   671,805,278   730,234,379
TOTAL BORROWINGS OUTSIDE INDIA   1,130,952,416   1,177,321,797
TOTAL BORROWINGS   2,103,241,208   2,294,018,266

1.	   Secured
        borrowings in I and II above amount to Rs. 158,484.7 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 167,214.3 million) other than the borrowings
        under collateralised borrowing and lending obligation, market repurchase transactions (including tri-party repo) with banks and
        financial institutions and transactions under liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility.

F-
13

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the consolidated balance sheet

(Continued)

SCHEDULE 5 - OTHER LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
I.   Bills payable   86,191,837   73,070,858
II.   Inter-office adjustments (net)   717,556   976,360
III   Interest accrued   36,648,114   35,896,541
IV   Sundry creditors   336,952,875   279,328,231
V.   General provision for standard assets   31,496,087   28,572,331
VI   Others (including provisions) 1,2,3   247,394,901   191,723,608
TOTAL OTHER LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS   739,401,370   609,567,929

1.   Includes specific provision for standard loans of the Bank amounting to
Rs. 4,769.0 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 7,967.1 million).

2.   Includes corporate dividend tax payble amounting to Rs. 128.3 million (March
31, 2018: Rs. 381.8 million).

SCHEDULE 6 - CASH AND BALANCES
WITH RESERVE BANK OF INDIA

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
I.	Cash in hand (including foreign currency notes)   89,113,817   82,118,828
II.	Balances with Reserve Bank of India in current accounts   291,548,967   250,607,198
TOTAL CASH AND BALANCES WITH RESERVE BANK OF INDIA   380,662,784   332,726,026

SCHEDULE 7 - BALANCES WITH BANKS AND MONEY AT
CALL AND SHORT NOTICE

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
I.  In India
i) Balances with banks
a) in current accounts   4,526,342   3,592,062
b) in other deposit accounts   27,100,732   23,227,230
ii) Money at call and short notice
a) with banks   89,457,750   190,613,750
b) with other institutions   25,216,743   5,783,189
TOTAL   146,301,567   223,216,231
II. Outside India
i) in current accounts   162,722,416   200,772,076
ii) in other deposit accounts   48,959,266   43,495,469
iii) Money at call and short notice   135,262,920   89,781,531
TOTAL   346,944,602   334,049,076
TOTAL BALANCES WITH BANKS AND MONEY AT CALL AND SHORT NOTICE   493,246,169   557,265,307

F-
14

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the consolidated balance sheet

(Continued)

SCHEDULE 8 - INVESTMENTS

(Rs. in
thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
I.  Investments in India [net of provisions]
i)    Government securities   1,876,580,127   1,803,209,154
ii)   Other approved securities   –   –
iii)  Shares (includes equity and preference shares) 1   133,554,527   127,550,060
iv)  Debentures and bonds   391,443,021   339,631,755
v)  Assets held to cover linked liabilities of life insurance business   1,109,458,136   975,019,684
vi)
     Others (commercial paper, mutual fund units, pass through certificates, security receipts, certificate of deposits and
    other related investments)   348,419,946   372,350,812
TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN INDIA   3,859,455,757   3,617,761,465
II. Investments outside India [net of provisions]
i)    Government securities   62,208,341   55,945,624
ii)   Others (equity shares, bonds and certificate of deposits)   60,343,455   48,369,683
TOTAL INVESTMENTS OUTSIDE INDIA   122,551,796   104,315,307
TOTAL INVESTMENTS   3,982,007,553   3,722,076,772
A.  Investments in India
Gross value of investments 2   3,888,123,653   3,631,283,280
Less: Aggregate of provision/depreciation/(appreciation)   28,667,896   13,521,815
Net investments   3,859,455,757   3,617,761,465
B.  Investments outside India
Gross value of investments   124,604,590   111,536,033
Less: Aggregate of provision/depreciation/(appreciation)   2,052,794   7,220,726
Net investments   122,551,796   104,315,307
TOTAL INVESTMENTS   3,982,007,553   3,722,076,772

1.   Includes cost of investment in associates amounting to
Rs. 7,293.5 million (March 31, 2018: Rs.4,981.0 million),  goodwill on consolidation of associates amounting to Rs. 163.1 million
(March 31, 2018: Rs. 58.1 million).

2.   Includes net appreciation amounting to Rs. 110,501.1 million
(March 31, 2018: Rs. 100,750.7 million) on investments held to cover linked liabilities of life insurance business.

F-
15

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the consolidated
balance sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 9 - ADVANCES (net of provisions)

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
A. i)    Bills
    purchased and discounted 1   367,577,735   298,198,152
ii)    Cash credits, overdrafts and loans repayable on demand   1,471,378,348   1,312,537,092
iii)   Term loans   4,630,660,730   4,057,806,954
TOTAL ADVANCES   6,469,616,813   5,668,542,198
B. i)      Secured
    by tangible assets (includes advances against book debts)   4,640,335,848   4,224,797,621
ii)     Covered by bank/government guarantees   116,401,740   83,969,085
iii)    Unsecured   1,712,879,225   1,359,775,492
TOTAL ADVANCES   6,469,616,813   5,668,542,198
C. I.     Advances
    in India
i)     Priority sector   1,696,365,965   929,701,682
ii)    Public sector   146,431,801   197,704,530
iii)   Banks   3,253,967   777,335
iv)   Others   3,526,902,944   3,449,858,940
TOTAL ADVANCES IN INDIA   5,372,954,677   4,578,042,487
II.    Advances outside India
i)     Due from banks   22,387,781   19,294,596
ii)    Due from others
a) Bills purchased and discounted   166,989,637   103,993,215
b) Syndicated and term loans   558,394,839   626,140,089
c) Others   348,889,879   341,071,811
TOTAL ADVANCES OUTSIDE INDIA   1,096,662,136   1,090,499,711
TOTAL ADVANCES   6,469,616,813   5,668,542,198

1.   Net of bills re-discounted amounting to Nil (March 31, 2018: Nil).

F-
16

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the consolidated balance
sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 10 - FIXED ASSETS

(Rs. in
thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
I.    Premises Gross
block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   89,546,213   88,093,455
Additions during the year 1   2,896,928   3,498,313
Deductions during the year   (801,842   )   (2,045,555   )
Closing balance   91,641,299   89,546,213
Less: Depreciation to date 2   (18,131,632   )   (16,523,586   )
Net block 3   73,509,667   73,022,627
II.   Other
fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures) Gross
block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   71,014,065   63,839,400
Additions during the year   9,171,004   8,946,032
Deductions during the year   (7,222,207   )   (1,771,367   )
Closing balance   72,962,862   71,014,065
Less: Depreciation to date 4   (52,282,900   )   (51,801,248   )
Net block   20,679,962   19,217,817
III.  Assets
given on lease Gross
block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   16,714,629   16,904,628
Additions during the year   –   –
Deductions during the year   –   (189,999   )
Closing balance   16,714,629   16,714,629
Less: Depreciation to date, accumulated lease adjustment and provisions 5   (14,300,031   )   (14,300,020   )
Net block   2,414,598   2,414,609
TOTAL FIXED ASSETS   96,604,227   94,650,053

1.   Includes revaluation gain amounting to Rs. 1,039.0 million (March 31, 2018:
Rs. 263.9 million) on account of revaluation carried out by the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary.

2.   Includes depreciation charge amounting to Rs. 2,096.6 million for the year
ended March 31, 2019 (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 2,003.5 million), including depreciation charge on account of revaluation
of Rs. 589.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2019 (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 576.8 million)

3.   Includes assets of Rs. 22.2 million of the Bank (March 31, 2018: Rs. 37.4
million) which are held for sale.

4.   Includes depreciation charge amounting to Rs. 7,361.8 million for the year
ended March 31, 2019 (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 7,217.9 million).

5.   The depreciation charge/lease adjustment/provisions is
an insignificant amount for the year ended March 31, 2019 (year ended March 31, 2018: insignificant amount).

F-
17

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the consolidated balance
sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 11 – OTHER ASSETS

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
I.	       Inter-office adjustments (net)   –   –
II.	      Interest accrued   98,043,710   89,296,089
III.	    Tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net)   101,872,667   66,655,117
IV.	    Stationery and stamps   66,696   130,676
V.	      Non-banking assets acquired in satisfaction of claims 1,2   10,040,166   19,748,594
VI.	    Advance for capital assets   2,219,891   1,892,601
VII.	   Deposits   17,221,877   18,025,278
VIII.	  Deferred tax asset (net) (refer note 18.10)   109,372,947   78,182,968
IX.     Deposits in Rural Infrastructure and Development Fund   292,545,621   269,249,912
X.	     Others 3,4   334,417,786   324,368,811
TOTAL OTHER ASSETS   965,801,361   867,550,046

1.   During the year ended March 31, 2019, the Bank has not acquired any assets
(year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 952.6 million) in satisfaction of claims under debt-asset swap transactions. No assets were sold
during the year ended March 31, 2019 (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 279.1 million).

2.   Represents balance net of provision held by the bank amounting to Rs. 22,147.3
million (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 13,148.2 million).

3.   For the year ended March 31, 2018, includes receivable amounting to Rs.
3,988.7 million pertaining to a non-performing loan sold during the year ended March 31, 2018, which was received by the Bank on
April 2, 2018.

4.   Includes goodwill on consolidation amounting to Rs. 1,097.0 million (March
31, 2018: Rs. 1,117.5 million).

F-
18

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the consolidated balance
sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 12 - CONTINGENT
LIABILITIES

(Rs.
in thousands)

At
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018
I.	       Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts   65,029,948   72,343,905
II.	      Liability for partly paid investments   12,455   12,455
III.      Liability on account of outstanding forward exchange contracts 1   4,889,593,918   4,461,284,115
IV.	     Guarantees given on behalf of constituents
a) In India   851,493,764   746,315,695
b) Outside India   218,124,554   207,158,854
V.	      Acceptances, endorsements and other obligations   433,839,126   409,964,977
VI.	     Currency swaps 1   426,896,157   417,771,418
VII.	    Interest rate swaps, currency options and interest rate futures 1   19,125,634,207   12,456,227,130
VIII.	  Other items for which the Group is contingently liable   110,095,249   139,279,734
TOTAL CONTINGENT LIABILITES   26,120,719,378   18,910,358,283

1.   Represents notional amount.

2.   There has been a Supreme Court (SC) judgement dated February 28, 2019, relating
to components of salary structure that need to be taken into account while computing the contribution to provident fund under the
Employees Provident Fund (EPF) Act. There are interpretative aspects related to the Judgement including the effective date of application.
The Bank will continue to assess any further developments in this matter for the implications on financial statements, if any.

F-
19

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the profit and loss account
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 13 - INTEREST EARNED

(Rs.
in thousands)

Year ended
March
31, 2019   March
31, 2018   March
31, 2017
I.	   Interest/discount on advances/bills   508,848,307   432,528,240   420,803,718
II.	  Income on investments   181,022,872   161,256,201   154,560,724
III.	Interest on balances with Reserve Bank of India and other inter-bank funds   9,271,072   8,104,078   6,230,029
IV.	Others 1,2   20,674,289   19,734,986   27,805,331
TOTAL INTEREST EARNED   719,816,540   621,623,505   609,399,802

1.   Includes interest on income tax refunds amounting to Rs. 4,904.1 million
(March 31, 2018: Rs. 2,802.2 million, March 31, 2017: Rs. 4,544.1 million).

2.   Includes interest and amortisation of premium on non-trading interest rate
swaps and foreign currency swaps.

SCHEDULE 14 - OTHER INCOME

(Rs.
in thousands)

Year ended
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018   March 31, 2017
I.	Commission, exchange and brokerage   126,056,742   112,628,543   96,343,758
II.	Profit/(loss) on sale of investments (net) 1   24,897,889   72,499,841   103,025,387
III.	Profit/(loss) on revaluation of investments (net)   1,079,594   (4,429,497   )   (3,809,897   )
IV.	Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net) 2   (22,012   )   29,027   (14,230   )
V.	Profit/(loss) on exchange/derivative transactions (net) 3   17,837,857   15,856,263   15,150,619
VI.	Premium and other operating income from insurance business   420,938,652   369,369,032   312,027,717
VII.	Miscellaneous income (including lease income) 4   2,459,731   2,114,301   1,853,151
TOTAL OTHER INCOME   593,248,453   568,067,510   524,576,505

1.   For the year ended March 31, 2019, includes gain on sale of a part of equity
investment in a subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, through an offer for sale on stock exchanges (year
ended March 31, 2018: includes gain on sale of a part of equity investment in the subsidiaries, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited, through initial public offers (IPO) (year ended March 31, 2017: gain on sale of a
part of equity investment in a subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, through IPO). Refer note 18.14 - Sale
of equity shareholding in subsidiaries..

2.   Includes profit/(loss) on sale of assets given on lease.

3.   Includes share of profit/(loss) from associates of Rs. 803.2 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 515.2
million, March 31, 2017: Rs. (41.9) million).

F-
20

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the profit and loss
account
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 15 - INTEREST EXPENDED

(Rs.
in thousands)

Year ended
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018   March 31, 2017
I.	      Interest on deposits   269,951,782   237,396,889   232,626,495
II.	     Interest on Reserve Bank of India/inter-bank borrowings   24,717,716   15,506,754   15,194,760
III.	    Others (including interest on borrowings of erstwhile ICICI Limited)   97,105,916   89,716,825   100,537,073
TOTAL INTEREST EXPENDED   391,775,414   342,620,468   348,358,328

F-
21

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the profit and loss
account
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 16 - OPERATING EXPENSES

(Rs. in thousands)

Year ended
March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018   March 31, 2017
I.	       Payments to and provisions for employees   94,252,552   83,335,270   78,932,552
II.	      Rent, taxes and lighting 1   14,347,677   13,090,545   14,051,579
III.	     Printing and stationery   2,392,372   2,077,493   2,009,142
IV.	     Advertisement and publicity   23,542,134   12,479,424   9,109,658
V.	      Depreciation on property   9,458,399   9,221,415   9,116,381
VI.	    Depreciation (including lease equalisation) on leased assets   13   12   12
VII.	   Directors' fees, allowances and expenses   117,683   90,476   95,468
VIII.	  Auditors' fees and expenses   294,854   258,748   251,492
IX.    	Law charges   2,120,159   1,604,643   1,535,687
X.	     Postages, courier, telephones, etc.   5,601,896   5,207,606   4,603,585
XI.	    Repairs and maintenance   17,785,647   17,203,371   13,404,090
XII.	   Insurance   5,898,349   5,031,155   3,901,930
XIII.	 Direct marketing agency expenses   19,569,165   17,714,553   13,549,279
XIV.	 Claims and benefits paid pertaining to insurance business   77,540,597   65,636,309   57,922,567
XV.	  Other expenses pertaining to insurance business 2   314,145,809   270,737,611   219,059,330
XVI.	 Other expenditure 3   55,521,494   53,867,661   54,156,953
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES   642,588,800   557,556,292   481,699,705

1.   Includes lease expense amounting of Rs. 11,425.5 million (March 31, 2018:
Rs. 10,990.8 million, March 31, 2017: Rs. 9,810.1 million).

2.   Includes commission expenses and reserves for actuarial liabilities (including
the investible portion of the premium on the unit-linked policies).

3.   During the year ended March 31, 2019, in accordance with
the directions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) with respect to certain investments by schemes of ICICI Prudential
Mutual Fund (the Schemes), ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited (IPAMC) has paid Rs.1,094.5 million to the Schemes
and their investors. Further, IPAMC has settled the proceedings on this matter with SEBI and paid an amount of Rs.9.0 million
towards settlement terms.

F-
22

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 17

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Overview

ICICI
Bank Limited, together with its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates (collectively, the Group), is a diversified financial
services group providing a wide range of banking and financial services including commercial banking, retail banking, project
and corporate finance, working capital finance, insurance, venture capital and private equity, investment banking, broking and
treasury products and services.

ICICI Bank Limited
(the Bank), incorporated in Vadodara, India is a publicly held banking company governed by the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

Principles of consolidation

The consolidated financial
statements include the financials of ICICI Bank, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

Entities, in which
the Bank holds, directly or indirectly, through subsidiaries and other consolidating entities, more than 50.00% of the voting rights
or where it exercises control, over the composition of board of directors/governing body, are fully consolidated on a line-by-line
basis in accordance with the provisions of AS 21 on ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’. Investments in entities where
the Bank has the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and the pro-rata
share of their profit/(loss) is included in the consolidated profit and loss account. Assets, liabilities, income and expenditure
of jointly controlled entities are consolidated using the proportionate consolidation method. Under this method, the Bank’s
share of each of the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of the jointly controlled entity is reported in separate line items
in the consolidated financial statements. The Bank does not consolidate entities where the significant influence/control is intended
to be temporary or entities which operate under severe long-term restrictions that impair their ability to transfer funds to parent/investing
entity. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

Basis of preparation

The accounting and
reporting policies of the Group used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements conform to Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles in India (Indian GAAP), the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Securities and Exchange
Board of India (SEBI), Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI), National Housing Bank (NHB) from time to
time and the Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of the Companies

F-
23

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Act, 2013 read together with
Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, as applicable to relevant companies and practices generally prevalent in the banking
industry in India. In the case of the foreign subsidiaries, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles as applicable to the respective
foreign subsidiaries are followed. The Group follows the accrual method of accounting except where otherwise stated, and the historical
cost convention. In case the accounting policies followed by a subsidiary or joint venture are different from those followed by
the Bank, the same have been disclosed in the respective accounting policy.

The preparation of
consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that are considered in the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported
income and expenses during the reporting period. Management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The impact of any revision in
these estimates is recognised prospectively from the period of change.

The consolidated financial statements include
the results of the following entities in addition to the Bank.

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Country of incorporation   Nature of relationship   Nature of business   Ownership interest
1.   ICICI Bank UK PLC   United Kingdom   Subsidiary   Banking   100.00%
2.   ICICI Bank Canada   Canada   Subsidiary   Banking   100.00%
3.   ICICI Securities Limited   India   Subsidiary   Securities broking and merchant banking   79.22%
4.   ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. 1   USA   Subsidiary   Holding company   100.00%
5.   ICICI Securities Inc. 1   USA   Subsidiary   Securities broking   100.00%
6.   ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   India   Subsidiary   Securities investment, trading and underwriting   100.00%
7.   ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Private equity/venture capital fund management   100.00%

F-
24

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Country of incorporation   Nature of relationship   Nature of business   Ownership interest
8.   ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Housing finance   100.00%
9.   ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   India   Subsidiary   Trusteeship services   100.00%
10.   ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Asset management   100.00%
11.   ICICI International Limited   Mauritius   Subsidiary   Asset management   100.00%
12.   ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited 2   India   Subsidiary   Pension fund management   100.00%
13.   ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Life insurance   52.87%
14.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   General insurance   55.87%
15.   ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Asset management   51.00%
16.   ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   India   Subsidiary   Trusteeship services   50.80%
17.   ICICI Strategic Investments Fund   India   Consolidated as per AS 21   Venture capital fund   100.00%
18.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited 3   India   Associate   Services related to back end operations   19.00%
19.   NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited 3   India   Associate   Education and training in banking, finance and insurance   18.79%

F-
25

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Country of incorporation   Nature of relationship   Nature of business   Ownership interest
20.   ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited 3   India   Associate   Merchant acquiring and servicing   19.01%
21.   India Infradebt Limited 3   India   Associate   Infrastructure finance   42.33%
22.   India Advantage Fund-III 3   India   Associate   Venture capital fund   24.10%
23.   India Advantage Fund-IV 3   India   Associate   Venture capital fund   47.14%
24.   Arteria Technologies Private Limited 3   India   Associate   Software company   19.98%

1.   ICICI Securities Holding Inc. is a wholly
owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Limited. ICICI Securities Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Holding Inc.

2.   ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management
Company Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

3.   These entities have been accounted as per
the equity method as prescribed by AS 23 on ‘Accounting for Investments in Associates in Consolidated Financial Statements’.

Comm Trade Services
Limited has not been consolidated under AS 21, since the investment is temporary in nature. Falcon Tyres Limited, in which the
Bank holds 26.39% equity shares has not been accounted as per equity method under AS 23, since the investment is temporary in nature.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

1.   Transactions involving foreign exchange

The consolidated financial
statements of the Group are reported in Indian rupees (Rs.), the national currency of India. Foreign currency income and expenditure
items of domestic operations are translated at the exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. Income and expenditure
items of integral foreign operations (representative offices) are translated at daily closing rates, and income and expenditure
items of non-integral foreign operations (foreign branches, offshore banking units, foreign subsidiaries) are translated at quarterly
average closing rates.

Monetary foreign currency
assets and liabilities of domestic and integral foreign operations are translated at closing exchange rates notified by Foreign
Exchange Dealers’ Association of India (FEDAI) relevant to the balance sheet date and the resulting gains/losses are included
in the profit and loss account.

F-
26

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

Both monetary and
non-monetary foreign currency assets and liabilities of non-integral foreign operations are translated at relevant closing exchange
rates notified by FEDAI at the balance sheet date and the resulting gains/losses from exchange differences are accumulated in the
foreign currency translation reserve until the disposal of the net investment in the non-integral foreign operations. Pursuant
to RBI guideline, the Bank does not recognise the cumulative/proportionate amount of such exchange differences as income or expenses,
which relate to repatriation of accumulated retained earnings from overseas operations.

The premium or
discount arising on inception of forward exchange contracts in domestic operations that are entered into to establish the
amount of reporting currency required or available at the settlement date of a transaction is amortised over the life of the
contract. All other outstanding forward exchange contracts are revalued based on the exchange rates notified by FEDAI for
specified maturities and at interpolated rates for contracts of interim maturities. The contracts of longer maturities
where exchange rates are not notified by FEDAI are revalued based on the forward exchange rates implied by the swap
curves in respective currencies. The resultant gains or losses are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Contingent liabilities
on account of guarantees, endorsements and other obligations denominated in foreign currency are disclosed at the closing exchange
rates notified by FEDAI relevant to the balance sheet date.

2.   Revenue recognition

a)   Interest income is recognised in the profit and loss account as it accrues
except in the case of non-performing assets (NPAs) where it is recognised upon realisation, as per the income recognition and asset
classification norms of RBI/NHB/other applicable guidelines.

b)   Income from finance leases is calculated by applying the interest rate implicit
in the lease to the net investment outstanding on the lease over the primary lease period.

c)   Income on discounted instruments is recognised over the tenure of the instrument.

d)   Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive
the dividend is established.

e)   Loan processing fee is accounted for upfront when it becomes due except
in the case of foreign banking subsidiaries, where it is amortised over the period of the loan.

f)   Project appraisal/structuring fee is accounted for on the completion of
the agreed service.

F-
27

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

g)   Arranger fee is accounted for as income when a significant portion of the
arrangement/syndication is completed.

h)   Commission received on guarantees issued is amortised on a straight-line
basis over the period of the guarantee.

i)   Fund management and portfolio management fees are recognised on an accrual
basis.

j)   The annual/renewal fee on credit cards and debit cards are amortised on
a straight line basis over one year.

k)   All other fees are accounted for as and when they become due.

l)   The Bank deals in bullion business on a consignment basis. The difference
between price recovered from customers and cost of bullion is accounted for at the time of sales to the customers. The Bank also
deals in bullion on a borrowing and lending basis and the interest paid/received is accounted on accrual basis.

m)   Fees paid/received for priority sector lending certificates (PSLC) is amortised
on straight- line basis over the period of the certificate.

n)   Income from securities brokerage activities is recognised as income on the
trade date of the transaction. Brokerage income in relation to public or other issuances of securities is recognised based on mobilisation
and terms of agreement with the client.

o)   Life insurance premium for non-linked policies is recognised as income when
due from policyholders. For unit linked business, premium is recognised when the associated units are created. Premium on lapsed
policies is recognised as income when such policies are reinstated. Top-up premiums paid by unit linked policyholders’ are
considered as single premium and recognised as income when the associated units are created. Income from unit linked policies,
which includes fund management charges, policy administration charges, mortality charges and other charges, if any, are recovered
from the linked funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of the policy and are recognised when due.

p)   In case of general insurance business, premium including reinsurance accepted
(net of Goods & Services Tax) other than for long-term (with term more than one year) motor insurance policies for new cars
and new two wheelers sold on or after September 1, 2018 is recorded on receipt of complete information, for the policy period at
the commencement of risk. For crop insurance, the premium is accounted based on management estimates that are progressively actualised
on receipt

F-
28

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

of information. For installment
cases, premium is recorded on installment due dates. Reinstatement premium is recorded as and when such premiums are recovered.
Premium earned including reinstatement premium and re-insurance accepted is recognised as income over the period of risk or the
contract period based on 1/365 method, whichever is appropriate on a gross basis. Any subsequent revisions to premium as and when
they occur are recognised over the remaining period of risk or contract period, as applicable.

In case of long-term motor
insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers sold on or after September 1, 2018, premium received (net of Goods & Services
Tax) for third party liability coverage is recognised equally over the policy period at the commencement of risk on 1/n basis where
‘n’ denotes the term of the policy in years and premium received for own damage coverage is recognised as per the annual
premium allocation determined at the inception of the policy in accordance with the product parameters filed with IRDAI, on receipt
of complete information. Reinstatement premium is recorded as and when such premiums are recovered. Premium allocated for the year
is recognised as income earned based on 1/365 method, on a gross basis. Reinstatement premium is allocated on the same basis as
the original premium over the balance term of the policy. Any subsequent revisions to premium as and when they occur are recognised
on the same basis as the original premium over the balance term of the policy. Adjustments to premium income arising on cancellation
of policies are recognised in the period in which the policies are cancelled. Adjustments to premium income for corrections to
area covered under crop insurance are recognised in the period in which the information is confirmed by the concerned government/nodal
agency. Commission on reinsurance ceded is recognised as income in the period of ceding the risk. Profit commission under reinsurance
treaties, wherever applicable, is recognised as income in the year of final determination of profits as confirmed by reinsurers
and combined with commission on reinsurance ceded.

q)   In case of life insurance business, reinsurance premium ceded is accounted
in accordance with the terms of the relevant treaty with the reinsurer. Profit commission on reinsurance ceded is netted off against
premium ceded on reinsurance.

r)   In case of general insurance business, insurance premium on ceding of the
risk other than for long-term motor insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers sold on or after September 1, 2018 is
recognised simultaneously along with the insurance premium in accordance with reinsurance arrangements with the reinsurers. In
case of long-term motor insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers sold on or after September 1, 2018, reinsurance premium
is recognised on the insurance premium allocated for the year simultaneously along with the recognition of the insurance premium
in accordance with the reinsurance arrangements with the reinsurers. Any subsequent revision to premium ceded is recognised in
the period of such revision. Adjustment to reinsurance premium arising on cancellation of policies is recognised in the period
in which the policies are cancelled. Adjustments to reinsurance premium for

F-
29

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

corrections to area covered under crop insurance
are recognised simultaneously along with related premium income.

s)   In the case of general insurance business, premium deficiency is recognised
when the sum of expected claim costs and related expenses and maintenance costs exceed the reserve for unexpired risks and is computed
at a segmental revenue account level. The expected claim cost is calculated and duly certified by the Appointed Actuary.

3.   Stock based compensation

The following entities within
the group have granted stock options to their employees:

·   ICICI Bank Limited

·   ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

·   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

·   ICICI Securities Limited

The Employees Stock
Option Scheme (the Scheme) of the Bank provides for grant of options on the Bank’s equity shares to wholetime directors and
employees of the Bank and its subsidiaries. The Scheme provides that employees are granted an option to subscribe to equity shares
of the Bank that vest in a graded manner. The options may be exercised within a specified period. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company and ICICI Securities Limited have also formulated similar stock option schemes
for their employees for grant of equity shares of their respective companies.

The Group, except
the overseas banking subsidiaries, follows the intrinsic value method to account for its stock-based employee compensation plans.
Compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair market price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on
the grant date and amortised over the vesting period. The fair market price is the latest closing price, immediately prior to the
grant date, which is generally the date of the meeting of the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee or other
relevant committee in which the options are granted, on the stock exchange on which the shares of the Bank, ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company and ICICI Securities Limited are listed. If the shares are listed on
more than one stock exchange, then the stock exchange where there is highest trading volume on the said date is considered. The
banking subsidiaries namely, ICICI Bank UK and ICICI Bank Canada account for the cost of the options granted to employees by ICICI
Bank using the fair value method based on binomial tree model.

F-
30

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

4.   Income taxes

Income tax expense
is the aggregate amount of current tax and deferred tax expense incurred by the Group. The current tax expense and deferred tax
expense is determined in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and as per Accounting Standard 22 - Accounting
for Taxes on Income respectively. Deferred tax adjustments comprise changes in the deferred tax assets or liabilities during the
year.

Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognised by considering the impact of timing differences between taxable income and accounting income for
the current year, and carry forward losses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates and tax laws that
have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. The impact of changes in the deferred tax assets and liabilities
is recognised in the profit and loss account.

Deferred tax assets
are recognised and re-assessed at each reporting date, based upon the management’s judgement as to whether their realisation
is considered as reasonably certain. However, in case of domestic companies, where there is unabsorbed depreciation or carried
forward loss under taxation laws, deferred tax assets are recognised only if there is virtual certainty of realisation of such
assets.

In the consolidated
financial statements, deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed at an individual entity level and aggregated for consolidated
reporting.

Minimum Alternate
Tax (MAT) credit is recognised as an asset to the extent there is convincing evidence that the Group will pay normal income tax
during specified period, i.e., the period for which MAT credit is allowed to be carried forward as per prevailing provisions of
the Income Tax Act 1961. In accordance with the recommendation contained in the guidance note issued by ICAI, MAT credit is to
be recognised as an asset in the year in which it becomes eligible for set off against normal income tax. The Group reviews MAT
credit entitlements at each balance sheet date and writes down the carrying amount to the extent there is no longer convincing
evidence to the effect that the Group will pay normal income tax during the specified period.

F-
31

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

5.   Claims and benefits paid

In the case of general
insurance business, claims incurred comprise claims paid, estimated liability for outstanding claims made following a loss occurrence
reported and estimated liability for claims incurred but not reported (IBNR) and claims incurred but not enough reported (IBNER).
Further, claims incurred also include specific claim settlement costs such as survey/legal fees and other directly attributable
costs. Claims (net of amounts receivable from re-insurers/co-insurers) are recognised on the date of intimation based on management
estimates or on estimates from surveyors/insured in the respective revenue account. Estimated liability for outstanding claims
at the balance sheet date is recorded net of claims recoverable from/payable to co-insurers/re-insurers and salvage to the extent
there is certainty of realisation. Salvaged stock is recognised at estimated net realisable value based on independent valuer’s
report. Estimated liability for outstanding claim is determined by the entity on the basis of ultimate amounts likely to be paid
on each claim based on the past experience/ actuarial valuation. These estimates are progressively revalidated on availability
of further information. Claims IBNR represent that amount of claims that may have been incurred during the accounting period but
have not been reported or claimed. The claims IBNR provision also includes provision, if any, required for claims IBNER. Estimated
liability for claims IBNR/claims IBNER is based on an actuarial estimate duly certified by the appointed actuary of the entity.

In the case of life
insurance business, benefits paid comprise policy benefits and claim settlement costs, if any. Death and rider claims are accounted
for on receipt of intimation. Survival and maturity benefits are accounted when due. Withdrawals and surrenders under non linked
policies are accounted on the receipt of intimation. Claim settlement cost, legal and other fees should also form part of claim
cost wherever applicable. Reinsurance claims receivable are accounted for in the period in which the claim is intimated. Repudiated
claims and other claims disputed before the judicial authorities are provided for on prudent basis as considered appropriate by
the management.

6.   Liability for life policies in force

In the case of life
insurance business, the liabilities for life policies in force are calculated in accordance with accepted actuarial practice, requirements
of Insurance Act, 1938 (amended by Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015) and regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and
Development Authority of India and Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India.

F-
32

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

7.   Reserve for unexpired risk

Reserve for unexpired
risk is recognised net of re-insurance ceded and represents premium written that is attributable to, and is to be allocated to
succeeding accounting periods. For fire, marine, cargo and miscellaneous business it is calculated on a daily pro-rata basis, except
in the case of marine hull business which is computed at 100.00% of net premium written on all unexpired policies at balance sheet
date.

8.   Actuarial method and valuation

In the case of life
insurance business, the actuarial liability on both participating and non-participating policies is calculated using the gross
premium method, using assumptions for interest, mortality, morbidity, expense and inflation, and in the case of participating policies,
future bonuses together with allowance for taxation and allocation of profits to shareholders. These assumptions are determined
as prudent estimates at the date of valuation with allowances for adverse deviations.

The liability for
the unexpired portion of the risk for the non-unit liabilities of linked business and attached riders is the higher of liability
calculated using discounted cash flows and unearned premium reserves.

The unit liability
in respect of linked business has been taken as the value of the units standing to the credit of policyholders, using the Net Asset
Value (NAV) prevailing at the valuation date.

An unexpired risk
reserve and a reserve in respect of claims incurred but not reported are created, for one year renewable group term insurance.

The interest rates
used for valuing the liabilities are in the range of 4.44% to 6.48% per annum (previous year – 4.66% to 6.13% per annum).

Mortality rates used
are based on the published “Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2006 – 2008) Ult.” mortality table for assurances
and LIC 96-98 table for annuities, adjusted to reflect expected experience while morbidity rates used are based on CIBT 93 table,
adjusted for expected experience, or on risk rates supplied by reinsurers.

Expenses are provided
for at current levels, in respect of renewal expenses, with no allowance for future improvements but with an allowance for any
expected worsening. Per policy renewal expenses for regular premium policies are assumed to inflate at 4.19% (previous year –
4.38%).

F-
33

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

9.   Acquisition costs for insurance business

Acquisition costs
are those costs that vary with and are primarily related to the acquisition of insurance contracts and are expensed in the period
in which they are incurred.

10.   Employee benefits

Gratuity

The Group pays gratuity,
a defined benefit plan, to employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service and in case of
employees at overseas locations as per the rules in force in the respective countries. The Group makes contribution to trusts which
administer the funds on their own account or through insurance companies.

The actuarial gains
or losses arising during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Actuarial valuation
of the gratuity liability is determined by an actuary appointed by the Group. Actuarial valuation of gratuity liability is determined
based on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected unit
credit method.

Superannuation Fund and National
Pension Scheme

The Bank contributes
15.0% of the total annual basic salary of certain employees to superannuation funds, a defined contribution plan, managed and administered
by insurance companies. Further, the Bank contributes 10.0% of the total basic salary of certain employees to National Pension
Scheme (NPS), a defined contribution plan, which is managed and administered by pension fund management companies. The Bank also
gives an option to its employees allowing them to receive the amount in lieu of such contributions along with their monthly salary
during their employment.

The amounts so contributed/paid
by the Bank to the superannuation fund and NPS or to employees during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company and ICICI Venture Funds Management Company have accrued for superannuation
liability based on a percentage of basic salary payable to eligible employees for the period of service.

F-
34

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

Pension

The Bank provides
for pension, a defined benefit plan covering eligible employees of erstwhile Bank of Madura, erstwhile Sangli Bank and erstwhile
Bank of Rajasthan. The Bank makes contribution to a trust which administers the funds on its own account or through insurance companies.
The plan provides for pension payment including dearness relief on a monthly basis to these employees on their retirement based
on the respective employee’s years of service with the Bank and applicable salary.

Actuarial valuation
of the pension liability is determined by an actuary appointed by the Bank. Actuarial valuation of pension liability is calculated
based on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected unit
credit method.

The actuarial gains
or losses arising during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Employees covered
by the pension plan are not eligible for employer’s contribution under the provident fund plan.

Provident fund

The Group is statutorily
required to maintain a provident fund, a defined benefit plan, as a part of retirement benefits to its employees. Each employee
contributes a certain percentage of his or her basic salary and the Group contributes an equal amount for eligible employees. The
Group makes contribution as required by The Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 to Employees’
Pension Scheme administered by the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner and the balance contributions are transferred to funds
administered by trustees. The funds are invested according to the rules prescribed by the Government of India.

Actuarial valuation
for the interest rate guarantee on the provident fund balances is determined by an actuary appointed by the Group.

The actuarial gains
or losses arising during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The overseas branches
of the Bank and its eligible employees contribute a certain percentage of their salary towards respective government schemes as
per local regulatory guidelines. The contribution made by the overseas branches is recognised in profit and loss account at the
time of contribution.

F-
35

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

Compensated absences

The Group provides
for compensated absences based on actuarial valuation conducted by an independent actuary.

11.   Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent
assets

The Group estimates
the probability of any loss that might be incurred on outcome of contingencies on the basis of information available upto the date
on which the consolidated financial statements are prepared. A provision is recognised when an enterprise has a present obligation
as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in respect
of which a reliable estimate can be made. Provisions are determined based on management estimates of amounts required to settle
the obligation at the balance sheet date, supplemented by experience of similar transactions. These are reviewed at each balance
sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current management estimates. In cases where the available information indicates that the
loss on the contingency is reasonably possible but the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, a disclosure to this effect
is made in the consolidated financial statements. In case of remote possibility, neither provision nor disclosure is made in the
consolidated financial statements. The Group does not account for or disclose contingent assets, if any.

The Bank estimates
the probability of redemption of customer loyalty reward points using an actuarial method by employing an independent actuary and
accordingly makes provision for these reward points. Actuarial valuation is determined based on certain assumptions regarding mortality
rate, discount rate, cancellation rate and redemption rate.

12.   Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents
include cash in hand, balances with RBI, balances with other banks and money at call and short notice.

13.   Investments

i)   Investments of the Bank are accounted for in accordance with the extant
RBI guidelines on investment classification and valuation as given below.

a)   All investments are classified into ‘Held to Maturity’, ‘Available
for Sale’ and ‘Held for Trading’. Reclassifications, if any, in any category are accounted for as per the RBI
guidelines.	Under each classification, the investments are further categorised as (a)

F-
36

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

government securities,
(b) other approved securities, (c) shares, (d) bonds and debentures and (e) others.

b)   ‘Held to Maturity’ securities are carried at their acquisition
cost or at amortised cost, if acquired at a premium over the face value. Any premium over the face value of fixed rate and floating
rate securities acquired is amortised over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively.

c)   ‘Available for Sale’ and ‘Held for Trading’ securities
are valued periodically as per RBI guidelines. Any premium over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate investments in government
securities, classified as ‘Available for Sale’, is amortised over the remaining period to maturity on constant yield
basis and straight line basis respectively. Quoted investments are valued based on the closing quotes on the recognised stock exchanges
or prices declared by Primary Dealers Association of India (PDAI) jointly with Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association
(FIMMDA)/Financial Benchmark India Private Limited (FBIL), periodically.

The market/fair value of
unquoted government securities which are in the nature of Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) securities included in the ‘Available
for Sale’ and ‘Held for Trading’ categories is as per the rates published by FIMMDA/FBIL. The valuation of other
unquoted fixed income securities, including Pass Through Certificates, wherever linked to the Yield-to-Maturity (YTM) rates, is
computed with a mark-up (reflecting associated credit risk) over the YTM rates for government securities published by FIMMDA. The
Sovereign foreign securities and non-INR India linked bonds are valued on the basis of prices published by the Sovereign regulator
or counterparty quotes.

Unquoted equity shares are
valued at the break-up value, if the latest balance sheet is available or at  Rs. 1, as per RBI guidelines.

Securities are valued scrip-wise.
Depreciation/appreciation on securities, other than those acquired by way of conversion of outstanding loans, is aggregated for
each category. Net appreciation in each category under each investment classification, if any, being unrealised, is ignored, while
net depreciation is provided for. The depreciation on securities acquired by way of conversion of outstanding loan is fully provided
for. Non-performing investments are identified based on the RBI guidelines.

d)   Treasury bills, commercial papers and certificate of deposits being discounted
instruments, are valued at carrying cost.

F-
37

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
(Continued)

e)   The units of mutual funds are valued at the latest repurchase price/net
asset value declared by the mutual fund.

f)   Costs including brokerage and commission pertaining to investments, paid
at the time of acquisition, are charged to the profit and loss account. Cost of investments is computed based on the First-In-First-Out
(FIFO) method.

g)   Profit/loss on sale of investments in the ‘Held to Maturity’
category is recognised in the profit and loss account and profit is thereafter appropriated (net of applicable taxes and statutory
reserve requirements) to Capital Reserve. Profit/loss on sale of investments in ‘Available for Sale’ and ‘Held
for Trading’ categories is recognised in the profit and loss account.

h)   Market repurchase, reverse repurchase and transactions with RBI under Liquidity
Adjustment Facility (LAF) are accounted for as borrowing and lending transactions in accordance with the extant RBI guidelines.

i)   Broken period interest (the amount of interest from the previous interest
payment date till the date of purchase/sale of instruments) on debt instruments is treated as a revenue item.

j)   At the end of each reporting period, security receipts issued by the asset
reconstruction companies are valued in accordance with the guidelines applicable to such instruments, prescribed by RBI from time
to time. Accordingly, in cases where the cash flows from security receipts issued by the asset reconstruction companies are limited
to the actual realisation of the financial assets assigned to the instruments in the concerned scheme, the Bank reckons the net
asset value obtained from the asset reconstruction company from time to time, for valuation of such investments at each reporting
period end. The security receipts which are outstanding and not redeemed as at the end of the resolution period are treated as
loss assets and are fully provided for.

k)   The Bank follows trade date method of accounting for purchase and sale of
investments, except for government of India and state government securities where settlement date method of accounting is followed
in accordance with RBI guidelines.

l)   The Bank undertakes short sale transactions in dated central government
securities in accordance with RBI guidelines. The short positions are categorised under HFT

F-
38

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

category and are marked-to-market. The mark-to-market
loss is charged to profit and loss account and gain, if any, is ignored as per RBI guidelines.

ii)   The Bank’s consolidating venture capital fund carries investments
at fair values, with unrealised gains and temporary losses on investments recognised as components of investors’ equity and
accounted for in the unrealised investment reserve account. The realised gains and losses on investments and units in mutual funds
and unrealised gains or losses on revaluation of units in mutual funds are accounted for in the profit and loss account. Provisions
are made in respect of accrued income considered doubtful. Such provisions as well as any subsequent recoveries are recorded through
the profit and loss account. Subscription to/purchase of investments are accounted at the cost of acquisition inclusive of brokerage,
commission and stamp duty.

iii)   The Bank’s primary dealership and securities broking subsidiaries
classify the securities held with the intention of holding for short-term and trading as stock-in-trade which are valued at lower
of cost or market value. The securities classified by primary dealership subsidiary as held-to-maturity, as permitted by RBI, are
carried at amortised cost. Appropriate provision is made for other than temporary diminution in the value of investments. Commission
earned in respect of securities acquired upon devolvement is reduced from the cost of acquisition.

iv)   The Bank’s housing finance subsidiary classifies its investments as
current investments and long-term investments. Investments that are readily realisable and intended to be held for not more than
a year are classified as current investments, which are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. All other investments
are classified as long-term investments, which are carried at their acquisition cost or at amortised cost, if acquired at a premium
over the face value. Any premium over the face value of the securities acquired is amortised over the remaining period to maturity
on a constant yield basis. However, a provision for diminution in value is made to recognise any other than temporary decline in
the value of such long-term investments.

v)   The Bank’s overseas banking subsidiaries account for unrealised gain/loss,
net of tax, on investment in ‘Available for Sale’/’Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income’ (FVOCI)
category directly in their reserves. Further unrealised gain/loss on investment in ‘Held for Trading’/Fair Value Through
Profit and Loss’ (FVTPL) category is accounted directly in the profit and loss account. Investments in ‘Held to Maturity’/’amortised
cost’ category are carried at amortised cost.

vi)   In the case of life and general insurance businesses, investments are made
in accordance with the Insurance Act, 1938 (amended by the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015),

F-
39

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

the IRDA (Investment) Regulations,
2016, and various other circulars/notifications issued by the IRDAI in this context from time to time.

In the case of life insurance
business, valuation of investments (other than linked business) is done on the following basis:

a.   All debt securities and redeemable preference shares are considered as ‘held
to maturity’ and accordingly stated at historical cost, subject to amortisation of premium or accretion of discount over
the period of maturity/holding on a constant yield basis.

b.   Listed equity shares are stated at fair value being the last quoted closing
price on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) (or BSE, in case the investments are not listed on NSE).

c.   Mutual fund units are valued based on the previous day’s net asset
value.

Unrealised gains/losses
arising due to changes in the fair value of listed equity shares and mutual fund units are taken to ’Revenue and other reserves’
and ‘Liabilities on policies in force’ in the balance sheet for Shareholders’ fund and Policyholders’ fund
respectively for life insurance business.

In the case of general insurance
business, valuation of investments is done on the following basis:

a.   All debt securities including government securities and non-convertible
preference shares are considered as ‘held to maturity’ and accordingly stated at amortised cost determined after amortisation
of premium or accretion of discount on a constant yield basis over the holding/maturity period.

b.   Listed equities and convertible preference shares at the balance sheet date
are stated at fair value, being the last quoted closing price on the NSE and in case these are not listed on NSE, then based on
the last quoted closing price on the BSE.

c.   Mutual fund investments (other than venture capital fund) are stated at
fair value, being the closing net asset value at balance sheet date.

d.   Investments other than mentioned above are valued at cost.

Unrealised gains/losses
arising due to changes in the fair value of listed equity shares, convertible preference shares and mutual fund units are taken
to ’Revenue and other reserves’ in the balance sheet for general insurance business.

F-
40

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Insurance subsidiaries assess
at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that any investment may be impaired. If any such indication exists,
the carrying value of such investment is reduced to its recoverable amount and the impairment loss is recognised in the revenue(s)/profit
and loss account.

The total proportion
of investments for which subsidiaries have applied accounting policies different from the Bank as mentioned above, is approximately
22.44% of the total investments at March 31, 2019.

14.   Provisions/write-offs on loans and other credit facilities

i)   Loans and other credit facilities of the Bank are accounted for in accordance
with the extant RBI guidelines as given below:

a)   The Bank classifies its loans and investments, including at overseas branches
and overdues arising from crystallised derivative contracts, into performing and NPAs in accordance with RBI guidelines. Loans
and advances held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than
record of recovery, but which are standard as per the extant RBI guidelines, are classified as NPAs to the extent of amount outstanding
in the host country. Further, NPAs are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated
by RBI.

In the case of corporate loans and advances, provisions are made for sub-standard
and doubtful assets at rates prescribed by RBI. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful assets are provided/written-off
as per the extant RBI guidelines. For loans and advances booked in overseas branches, which are standard as per the extant RBI
guidelines but are classified as NPAs based on host country guidelines, provisions are made as per the host country regulations.
For loans and advances booked in overseas branches, which are NPAs as per the extant RBI guidelines and as per host country guidelines,
provisions are made at the higher of the provisions required under RBI regulations and host country regulations. Provisions on
homogeneous retail loans and advances, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of RBI, are assessed on the basis of the ageing
of the loans in the non-performing category. As per RBI guidelines, in respect of non-retail loans reported as fraud to RBI and
classified in doubtful category, the entire amount, without considering the value of security, is provided for over a period not
exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in

F-
41

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

which fraud has been detected.
In respect of non-retail loans where there has been delay in reporting the fraud to the RBI or which are classified as loss accounts,
the entire amount is provided immediately. In case of fraud in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In respect
of borrowers classified as non-cooperative borrowers or willful defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per extant
RBI guidelines.

The Bank holds specific
provisions against non-performing loans and advances, and against certain performing loans and advances in accordance with RBI
directions, including RBI direction for provision on accounts referred to the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) under the Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. The assessment of incremental specific provisions is made after taking into consideration the existing
specific provision held. The specific provisions on retail loans and advances held by the Bank are higher than the minimum regulatory
requirements.

b)   Provision due to diminution in the fair value of restructured/rescheduled
loans and advances is made in accordance with the applicable RBI guidelines.

Non-performing and restructured
loans are upgraded to standard as per the extant RBI guidelines.

c)   Amounts recovered against debts written-off in earlier years and provisions
no longer considered necessary in the context of the current status of the borrower are recognised in the profit and loss account.

d)   The Bank maintains general provision on performing loans and advances in
accordance with the RBI guidelines, including provisions on loans to borrowers having unhedged foreign currency exposure, provisions
on loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sector, provision on exposures to step-down subsidiaries of Indian companies
and provision on incremental exposure to borrowers identified as per RBI’s large exposure framework. For performing loans
and advances in overseas branches, the general provision is made at higher of host country regulations requirement and RBI requirement.

e)   In addition to the provisions required to be held according to the asset
classification status, provisions are held for individual country exposures including indirect country risk (other than for home
country exposure). The countries are categorised into seven risk categories namely insignificant, low, moderately low, moderate,
moderately high,

F-
42

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

high and very high, and
provisioning is made on exposures exceeding 180 days on a graded scale ranging from 0.25% to 25%. For exposures with contractual
maturity of less than 180 days, provision is required to be held at 25% of the rates applicable to exposures exceeding 180 days.
The indirect exposure is reckoned at 50% of the exposure. If the country exposure (net) of the Bank in respect of each country
does not exceed 1% of the total funded assets, no provision is required on such country exposure.

f)   The Bank makes floating provision as per the Board approved policy, which
is in addition to the specific and general provisions made by the Bank. The floating provision is utilised, with the approval of
Board and RBI, in case of contingencies which do not arise in the normal course of business and are exceptional and non-recurring
in nature and for making specific provision for impaired loans as per the requirement of extant RBI guidelines or any regulatory
guidance/instructions. The floating provision is netted-off from advances.

ii)   In the case of the Bank’s housing finance subsidiary, loans and other
credit facilities are classified as per the NHB guidelines into performing and non-performing assets. Further, NPAs are classified
into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on criteria stipulated by NHB. Additional provisions are made against specific
non-performing assets over and above what is stated above, if in the opinion of the management, increased provisions are necessary.

iii)   In the case of the Bank’s UK subsidiary, loans are stated net of allowance
for credit losses. Loans are classified as impaired and impairment losses are incurred only if there is objective evidence of impairment
as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition on the loan (a loss event) and that loss event (or
events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. An allowance for impairment
losses is maintained at a level that management considers adequate to absorb identified credit related losses as well as losses
that have occurred but have not yet been identified.

iv)   The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary measures impairment loss on all financial
assets using Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model based on a three-stage approach. The ECL for financial assets that are not credit-impaired
and for which there is no significant increase in credit risk since origination, is computed using 12-month probability of default
(PD), and represents the lifetime cash shortfalls that will result if a default occurs in next 12 months. The ECL for financial
assets, that are not credit-impaired but have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since origination, is computed
using a life time PD, and represents lifetime cash shortfalls that will result if a default occurs during the expected

F-
43

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

life of financial assets.
A financial asset is considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future
cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. The allowance for credit losses for impaired financial assets is computed based
on individual assessment of expected cash flows from such assets.

The total proportion
of loans for which subsidiaries have applied accounting policies different from the Bank as mentioned above, is approximately 9.34%
of the total loans at March 31, 2019.

15.   Transfer and servicing of assets

The Bank transfers
commercial and consumer loans through securitisation transactions. The transferred loans are de-recognised and gains/losses are
accounted for, only if the Bank surrenders the rights to benefits specified in the underlying securitised loan contract. Recourse
and servicing obligations are accounted for net of provisions.

In accordance with
the RBI guidelines for securitisation of standard assets, with effect from February 1, 2006, the Bank accounts for any loss arising
from securitisation immediately at the time of sale and the profit/premium arising from securitisation is amortised over the life
of the securities issued or to be issued by the special purpose vehicle to which the assets are sold. With effect from May 7, 2012,
the RBI guidelines require the profit/premium arising from securitisation to be amortised over the life of the transaction based
on the method prescribed in the guidelines.

In accordance with
RBI guidelines, in case of non-performing/special mention account-2 loans sold to securitisation company (SC)/reconstruction company
(RC), the Bank reverses the excess provision in profit and loss account in the year in which amounts are received. Any shortfall
of sale value over the net book value on sale of such assets is recognised by the Bank in the year in which the loan is sold.

The Canadian subsidiary
has entered into securitisation arrangements in respect of its originated and purchased mortgages. ICICI Bank Canada either retains
substantially all the risk and rewards or retains control over these mortgages, hence these arrangements do not qualify for de-recognition
accounting under their local accounting standards. It continues to recognise the mortgages securitised as “Loans and Advances”
and the amounts received through securitisation are recognised as “Other borrowings”.

F-
44

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

16.   Fixed assets

Fixed assets, other
than premises of the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment,
if any. In case of the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary, premises are carried at revalued amount, being fair value at the
date of revaluation less accumulated depreciation. Cost includes freight, duties, taxes and incidental expenses related to the
acquisition and installation of the asset. Depreciation is charged over the estimated useful life of fixed assets on a straight-line
basis. The useful life of the groups of fixed assets for domestic group companies is based on past experience and expectation of
usage, which for some categories of fixed assets, is different from the useful life as prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies
Act, 2013.

Assets purchased/sold
during the year are depreciated on a pro-rata basis for the actual number of days the asset has been capitalised.

In case of the Bank,
items individually costing up to Rs. 5,000/- are depreciated fully over a period of 12 months from the date of purchase. Further,
profit on sale of premises by the Bank is appropriated to capital reserve, net of transfer to Statutory Reserve and taxes, in accordance
with RBI guidelines.

In case of revalued/impaired
assets, depreciation is provided over the remaining useful life of the assets with reference to revised asset values. In case of
premises, which are carried at revalued amounts, the depreciation on the excess of revalued amount over historical cost is transferred
from Revaluation Reserve to General Reserve annually.

Non-banking assets

Non-banking assets
(NBAs) acquired in satisfaction of claims are carried at lower of net book value and net realisable value. Further, the Bank creates
provision on non-banking assets as per specific RBI directions.

17.   Accounting for derivative contracts

The Group enters into
derivative contracts such as interest rate and currency options, interest rate and currency futures, interest rate and currency
swaps, credit default swaps and cross currency interest rate swaps.

The swap contracts
entered to hedge on-balance sheet assets and liabilities are structured such that they bear an opposite and offsetting impact with
the underlying on-balance sheet items. The impact of such derivative instruments is correlated with the movement of underlying
assets and liabilities and accounted pursuant to the principles of hedge accounting. Hedge swaps are accounted for on an accrual
basis and are not marked to market unless their underlying transaction is marked to

F-
45

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

market, except in the case of the Bank’s
overseas banking subsidiaries. In overseas subsidiaries, in case of fair value hedge, the hedging transactions and the hedged items
(for the risks being hedged) are measured at fair value with changes recognised in the profit and loss account and in case of cash
flow hedges, changes in the fair value of effective portion of the cash flow hedge are taken to ‘Revenue and other reserves’
and ineffective portion, if any, are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Foreign currency and
rupee derivative contracts entered into for trading purposes are marked to market and the resulting gain or loss is accounted for
in the profit and loss account. Pursuant to RBI guidelines, any receivables under derivative contracts which remain overdue for
more than 90 days and mark-to-market gains on other derivative contracts with the same counter-parties are reversed through the
profit and loss account.

18.   Impairment of assets

The immovable fixed
assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. An asset is treated as impaired when its carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The impairment is
recognised by debiting the profit and loss account and is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the impaired assets
exceeds their recoverable value. The Bank and its housing finance subsidiary follows revaluation model of accounting for its premises
and the recoverable amount of the revalued assets is considered to be close to its revalued amount. Accordingly, separate assessment
for impairment of premises is not required.

19.   Lease transactions

Lease payments for
assets taken on operating lease are recognised as an expense in the profit and loss account over the lease term on straight line
basis.

20.   Earnings per share

Basic earnings per
share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss after tax for the year attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted
average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.

Diluted earnings per
share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if contracts to issue equity shares were exercised or converted during the
year. Diluted earnings per equity share is computed using the weighted average number of equity shares and dilutive potential equity
shares issued by the group outstanding during the year, except where the results are anti-dilutive.

F-
46

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 18: NOTES FORMING PART OF THE ACCOUNTS

A. The following additional
disclosures have been made taking into account the requirements of Accounting Standards (ASs) and Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guidelines
in this regard.

1.   Earnings per share

Basic and diluted
earnings per equity share are computed in accordance with AS 20 - Earnings per share. Basic earnings per equity share is computed
by dividing net profit attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the
year. Diluted earnings per equity share is computed using the weighted average number of equity shares and weighted average number
of dilutive potential equity shares outstanding during the year.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the computation of earnings per share.

Rs. in million, except
per share data

Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Basic
Weighted average no. of equity shares outstanding   6,435,966,473   6,417,180,759
Net profit attributable to equity share holders   42,542.4   77,121.8
Basic earnings per share (Rs.)   6.61   12.02
Diluted
Weighted average no. of equity shares outstanding   6,509,276,099   6,482,375,300
Net profit attributable to equity share holders   42,474.9   77,098.8
Diluted earnings per share (Rs.) 1   6.53   11.89
Nominal value per share (Rs.)   2.00   2.00

1.   The dilutive impact is due to options granted to employees by the Group.

F-
47

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

2.   Related party transactions

The Group has transactions
with its related parties comprising associates/other related entities and key management personnel and relatives of key management
personnel.

I.   Related parties

Associates/other
related entities

Arteria Technologies
Private Limited
1
, India Advantage Fund-III, India Advantage Fund-IV, India Infradebt Limited, ICICI Merchant Services
Private Limited, I-Process Services (India) Private Limited, NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited,
Comm Trade Services Limited and ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth.

1.   Identified as related party effective from May 29, 2018.

Key management personnel

Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi
1
,
Ms. Vishakha Mulye, Mr. Vijay Chandok, Mr. Anup Bagchi, Mr. N. S. Kannan
2
 and Ms. Chanda Kochhar
3
.

1.   Identified as related party effective from June 19, 2018.

2.   Ceased to be related party effective close of business hours on June 18, 2018.

3.   Ceased to be related party effective from October 4, 2018.

Relatives of key management personnel

Ms. Mona Bakhshi
1
,
Mr. Shivam Bakhshi
1
, Ms. Esha Bakhshi
1
, Ms. Minal Bakhshi
1
, Mr. Sameer Bakhshi
1
, Mr.
Vivek Mulye, Ms. Vriddhi Mulye, Dr. Gauresh Palekar, Ms. Shalaka Gadekar, Ms. Manisha Palekar, Ms. Poonam Chandok, Ms. Saluni Chandok,
Ms. Simran Chandok, Mr. C. V. Kumar, Ms. Shad Kumar, Ms. Sanjana Gulati, Ms. Mitul Bagchi, Mr. Aditya Bagchi, Mr. Shishir Bagchi,
Mr. Arun Bagchi, Mr. Animesh Bagchi, Ms. Rangarajan Kumudalakshmi
2
, Ms. Aditi Kannan
2
, Ms. Sudha Narayanan
2
,
Mr. Raghunathan Narayanan
2
, Mr. Rangarajan Narayanan
2
, Mr. Deepak Kochhar
3
, Mr. Arjun Kochhar
3
,
Ms. Aarti Kaji
3
 and Mr. Mahesh Advani
3
.

1.   Identified as related party effective from June 19, 2018.

2.   Ceased to be related party effective close of business hours on June 18, 2018.

3.   Ceased to be related party effective from October 4, 2018.

F-
48

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

II.   Transactions with related parties

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the significant transactions between the Group and its related parties.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Interest income
Associates/others   264.7   212.6
Key management personnel   11.7   9.0
Relatives of key management personnel   0.0 1   0.1
Total interest income   276.4   221.7
Fee, commission and other income
Associates/others   58.3   25.1
Key management personnel   1.2   0.5
Relatives of key management personnel   0.2   0.0 1
Total fee, commission and other income   59.7   25.6
Commission income on guarantees issued
Associates/others   0.1   0.1
Key management personnel   ..   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   ..
Total commission income on guarantees issued   0.1   0.1
Insurance premium received
Associates/others   24.5   34.0
Key management personnel   1.1   2.6
Relatives of key management personnel   3.4   4.6
Total insurance premium received   29.0   41.2
Gain/(loss) on forex and derivative transactions (net) 2
Associates/others   0.1   (0.0) 1
Key management personnel   ..   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   ..
Total gain/(loss) on forex and derivative transactions (net)   0.1   (0.0) 1
Dividend income
Associates/others   63.8   63.8
Total dividend income   63.8   63.8
Reimbursement of expenses to the Group

F-
49

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Associates/others   ..   3.3
Key management personnel   ..   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   ..
Total reimbursement of expenses to the Group   ..   3.3
Recovery of lease of premises, common corporate and facilities expenses
Associates/others   59.7   69.2
Key management personnel   ..   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   ..
Total recovery of lease of premises, common corporate and facilities expenses   59.7   69.2
Recovery of secondment of employees
Associates/others   9.4   8.7
Total recovery of secondment of employees   9.4   8.7
Interest expense
Associates/others   7.8   5.4
Key management personnel   4.2   10.2
Relatives of key management personnel   1.7   3.1
Total interest expense   13.7   18.7
Remuneration to wholetime directors 3
Key management personnel   270.5   232.9
Total remuneration to wholetime directors   270.5   232.9
Reimbursement of expenses to related parties
Associates/others   0.1   0.1
Key management personnel   ..   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   ..
Total reimbursement of expenses to related parties   0.1   0.1
Insurance claims paid
Associates/others   ..   0.1
Key management personnel   0.1   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   0.4
Total insurance claims paid   0.1   0.5
Brokerage, fee and other expenses
Associates/others   9,649.2   7,030.4
Key management personnel   ..   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   ..
Total brokerage, fee and other expenses   9,649.2   7,030.4
Donation given

F-
50

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Associates/others   1,031.0   1,182.2
Total donation given   1,031.0   1,182.2
Dividend paid
Associates/others   ..   ..
Key management personnel   10.5   8.5
Relatives of key management personnel   3.1   0.0 1
Total dividend paid   13.6   8.5
Investments in the securities issued by related parties
Associates/others   10,000.0   12,907.0
Total investments in the securities issued by related parties   10,000.0   12,907.0
Redemption/buyback of investments
Associates/others   534.7   647.2
Total redemption/buyback of investments   534.7   647.2
Sale of fixed assets
Associates/joint ventures/others   ..   ..
Key management personnel   7.2   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   ..
Total sale of fixed assets   7.2   ..

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

1.   Insignificant amount.

2.   The Bank undertakes derivative transactions with its subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and
other related entities. The Bank manages its foreign exchange and interest rate risks arising from these transactions by covering
them in the market. While the Bank within its overall position limits covers these transactions in the market, the above amounts
represent only the transactions with its subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and other related entities and not the offsetting/covering
transactions.

3.   Excludes the perquisite value on employee stock options exercised, contribution to gratuity fund
and includes performance bonus paid during the period.

III.   Material transactions with related parties

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the material transactions between the Group and its related parties. A specific related party transaction is
disclosed as a material related party transaction wherever it exceeds 10% of all related party transactions in that category.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Interest income
1   India Infradebt Limited   261.4   212.6
Fee, commission and other income
1   India Infradebt Limited   58.3   23.4
Commission income on guarantees issued
1   NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited   0.1   0.1

F-
51

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Insurance premium received
1   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   20.5   30.0
2   Mr. Vivek Mulye   3.1   3.2
Gain/(loss)
    on forex and derivative transactions (net) 2
1   Arteria Technologies Private Limited 3   0.1   N.A.
2   ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   ..   (0.0) 1
3   India Infradebt Limited   ..   (0.0) 1
Dividend income
1   India Infradebt Limited   63.8   63.8
Reimbursement of expenses to the Group
1   India Infradebt Limited   ..   3.3
Recovery of lease of premises, common corporate and facilities expenses
1   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   56.2   63.6
Recovery of secondment of employees
1   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   9.4   8.7
Interest expense
1   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   2.3   2.4
2   India Infradebt Limited   2.2   1.7
3   Arteria Technologies Private Limtited 3   1.6   N.A.
4   Ms. Chanda Kochhar 4   3.0   9.5
Remuneration
    to wholetime directors 5
1   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi 6   47.2   N.A.
2   Ms. Vishakha Mulye   50.2   43.1
3   Mr. Vijay Chandok   45.5   44.1
4   Mr. Anup Bagchi   44.1   37.3
5   Mr. N. S. Kannan 7   9.4   45.1
6   Ms. Chanda Kochhar 4   74.1   63.3
Reimbursement of expenses to related parties
1   NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited   0.1   0.1
Insurance claims paid
1   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   ..   0.1

F-
52

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

2   Mr. Anup Bagchi   0.1   ..
3   Mr. Deepak Kochhar 4   ..   0.4
Brokerage, fee and other expenses
1   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   5,463.4   4,600.8
2   ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   4,174.7   2,415.9
Donation given
1   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   1,031.0   1,182.2
Dividend paid
1   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi 6   3.2   N.A.
2   Ms. Vishakha Mulye   2.6   1.7
3   Mr. Vijay Chandok   0.0 1   0.0 1
4   Mr. Anup Bagchi   0.1   0.0 1
5   Mr. N. S. Kannan 7   ..   1.1
6   Ms. Chanda Kochhar 4   4.6   5.7
7   Mr. Shivam Bakhshi 6   1.6   N.A.
Investments in the securities issued by related parties
1   India Infradebt Limited   10,000.0   12,907.0
Redemption/buyback of investments
1   India Advantage Fund-III   272.7   260.8
2   India Advantage Fund-IV   262.0   386.4
Sale of fixed assets
1   Ms. Chanda Kochhar 4   7.2   ..

1.   Insignificant amount.

2.   The Bank undertakes derivative transactions with its subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and
other related entities. The Bank manages its foreign exchange and interest rate risks arising from these transactions by covering
them in the market. While the Bank within its overall position limits covers these transactions in the market, the above amounts
represent only the transactions with its subsidiaries, associates, joint ventures and other related entities and not the offsetting/covering
transactions.

3.   Identified as related party effective from May 29, 2018.

4.   Ceased to be related party effective from October 4, 2018.

5.   Excludes the perquisite value on employee stock options exercised, contribution to gratuity fund
and includes performance bonus paid during the period.

6.   Identified as related party effective from June 19, 2018.

7.   Ceased to be related party effective close of business hours on June 18, 2018.

F-
53

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

IV.   Related party outstanding balances

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the outstanding balances payable to/receivable from related parties.

Rs.
in million

Items   At
March 31, 2019   At
March 31, 2018
Deposits with the Group
Associates/others   522.9   1,069.6
Key management personnel   63.2   146.1
Relatives of key management personnel   13.5   120.8
Total deposits with the Group   599.6   1,336.5
Payables
Associates/others   1,797.1   761.0
Key management personnel   0.0 1   0.0 1
Relatives of key management personnel   0.0 1   0.0 1
Total payables   1,797.1   761.0
Investments of the Group
Associates/others   10,777.0   6,939.3
Key management personnel   ..   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   ..
Total investments of the Group   10,777.0   6,939.3
Investments of related parties in the Group
Associates/others   ..   ..
Key management personnel   6.5   10.7
Relatives of key management personnel   9.5   0.0 1
Total investments of related parties in the Group   16.0   10.7
Advances by the Group
Associates/others   45.0   ..
Key management personnel   254.1   161.1
Relatives of key management personnel   0.4   0.7
Total advances by the Group   299.5   161.8
Receivables
Associates/others   123.0   85.7
Key management personnel   ..   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   ..
Total receivables   123.0   85.7

F-
54

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Guarantees issued by the Group
Associates/others   11.2   1.1
Key management personnel   ..   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   ..   ..
Total guarantees issued by the Group   11.2   1.1

1.   Insignificant amount.

2.   At March 31, 2019, 20,022,000 (March 31, 2018: 38,444,750) employee stock
options for key management personnel were outstanding. Excludes stock options granted to key management personnel, which are pending
regulatory approvals.

3.   During the year ended March 31, 2019, 2,062,000 (year ended March 31, 2018:
408,119), employee stock options with total exercise price of Rs. 296.3 million (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 60.0 million) were
exercised by the key management personnel.

V.   Related party maximum balances

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the maximum balances payable to/receivable from related parties.

Rs. in million

Items   Year
ended March 31, 2019   Year
ended March 31, 2018
Deposits with the Group
Key management personnel   234.6   198.2
Relatives of key management personnel   175.3   550.5
Payables 1
Key management personnel   0.0 2   0.1
Relatives of key management personnel   0.1   0.1
Investments of related parties in the Group 1
Key management personnel   21.5   10.7
Relatives of key management personnel   9.5   0.0 2
Advances by the Group
Key management personnel   256.2   203.6
Relatives of key management personnel   0.9   3.1

1.   Maximum balance is determined based on comparison of the total outstanding
balances at each quarter end during the financial year.

2.   Insignificant amount.

F-
55

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

3.   Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS)

ICICI Bank:

In terms of the ESOS,
as amended, the maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.05% of the issued
equity shares of the Bank at the time of grant of the options and aggregate of all such options granted to the eligible employees
shall not exceed 10% of the aggregate number of the issued equity shares of the Bank on the date(s) of the grant of options in
line with SEBI Regulations. Under the stock option scheme, eligible employees are entitled to apply for equity shares. In April
2016, exercise period was modified from 10 years from the date of grant or five years from the date of vesting, whichever is later,
to 10 years from the date of vesting of options. In June 2017, exercise period was further modified to not exceed 10 years from
the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee to be applicable
for future grants. In May 2018, exercise period was further modified to not exceed 5 years from the date of vesting of options
as may be determined by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee to be applicable for future grants.

Options granted after
March 2014, vest in a graded manner over a three-year period with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing
from the end of 12 months from the date of grant other than certain options granted in April 2014 which vested to the extent of
50% on April 30, 2017 and the balance vested on April 30, 2018 and option granted in September 2015 which vested to the extent
of 50% on April 30, 2018 and balance 50% would vest on April 30, 2019. However, for the options granted in September 2015, if the
participant’s employment terminates due to retirement (including pursuant to any early/voluntary retirement scheme), all
the unvested options would lapse. Options granted in January 2018 would vest at the end of four years from the date of grant. Certain
options granted in May 2018, would vest to the extent of 50% on May 7, 2021 and balance 50% would vest on May 7, 2022 and any unvested
options would lapse upon termination of employment due to retirement (including pursuant to early/voluntary retirement scheme).

Options granted prior
to March 2014 except mentioned below, vested in a graded manner over a four-year period, with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of the grants
vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 12 months from the date of grant. Options granted in April 2009 vested in a graded
manner over a five-year period with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of grant vesting each year, commencing from the end of 24 months from
the date of grant. Options granted in September 2011 vested in a graded manner over a five-year period with 15%, 20%, 20% and 45%
of grant vesting each year, commencing from the end of 24 months from the date of the grant.

F-
56

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The exercise
price of the Bank’s options, except mentioned below, is the last closing price on the stock exchange, which recorded
highest trading volume preceding the date of grant of options. In February 2011, the Bank granted 16,692,500 options to
eligible employees and whole-time Directors of the Bank and certain of its subsidiaries at an exercise price of  Rs. 175.82.
This exercise price was the average closing price on stock exchange during the six months ended October 28, 2010. Of these
options granted, 50% vested on April 30, 2014 and the balance 50% vested on April 30, 2015.

Based on intrinsic
value of options, no compensation cost was recognised during the year ended March 31, 2019 (year ended March 31, 2018: Nil). If
the Bank had used the fair value of options based on binomial tree model, compensation cost in the year ended March 31, 2019 would
have been higher by Rs. 3,179.0 million (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 3,526.6 million) and proforma profit after tax would have
been Rs. 30,454.0 million (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 64,247.6 million). On a proforma basis, the Bank’s basic and diluted
earnings per share would have been Rs. 4.73 (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 10.01) and Rs. 4.68 (March 31, 2018: Rs. 9.91) respectively
for the year ended March 31, 2019.

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options granted.

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Risk-free interest rate   7.32% to 8.31%   7.06% to 7.59%
Expected life   3.64 to 6.64 years   3.90 to 6.90 years
Expected volatility   30.79% to 32.22%   31.71% to 32.92%
Expected dividend yield   0.43% to 0.80%   0.73% to 1.81%

The weighted average
fair value of options granted during the year ended March 31, 2019 was Rs. 107.22 (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 86.43).

Risk free interest
rates over the expected term of the option are based on the government securities yield in effect at the time of the grant. The
expected term of an option is estimated based on the vesting term as well as expected exercise behaviour of the employees who receive
the option. Expected exercise behaviour is estimated based on the historical stock option exercise pattern of the Bank. Expected
volatility during the estimated expected term of the option is based on historical volatility determined based on observed market
prices of the Bank's publicly traded equity shares. Expected dividends during the estimated expected term of the option are based
on recent dividend activity.

F-
57

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the summary of the status of the Bank’s stock option plan.

Rs. except number of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended  March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   235,672,250   224.19   226,715,682   217.12
Add: Granted during the year 1   35,419,900   283.91   35,137,770   251.05
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   20,415,499   229.88   5,114,174   248.30
Less: Exercised during the year   18,248,877   191.04   21,067,028   187.00
Outstanding at the end of the year   232,427,774   235.40   235,672,250   224.19
Options exercisable   152,151,329   222.84   136,428,736   208.44

1.   Includes stock options granted to WTDs which are pending regulatory approvals.

The following table sets forth,
the summary of stock options outstanding at March 31, 2019.

Range of
exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted
average exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
60-99   1,602,975   79.15   3.84
100-199   33,771,457   166.66   4.23
200-299   196,076,442   248.04   8.11
300-399   976,900   329.56   8.64

F-
58

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth,
the summary of stock options outstanding at March 31, 2018.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
60-99   1,849,150   79.12   4.91
100-199   47,665,539   165.43   4.85
200-299   185,857,561   240.57   9.43
300-399   300,000   309.50   13.79

The options were exercised
regularly throughout the period and weighted average share price as per National Stock Exchange price volume data during the year
ended March 31, 2019 was Rs. 326.37 (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 296.94).

ICICI Life:

ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company has formulated ESOS for their employees. There is no compensation cost for the year ended March 31, 2019 based
on the intrinsic value of options. If the entity had used the fair value approach for accounting of options, there would have been
an incremental compensation cost of Rs. 316.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2019 (for the year ended March 31, 2018: Rs.
39.7 million).

F-
59

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company.

Rs. except number of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Number of shares   Weighted average exercise price   Number of shares   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   2,820,888   382.70   2,398,838   352.49
Add: Granted during the year   7,304,150   387.62   656,300   468.60
Less: Forfeited/lapsed during the year   2,115,950   399.14   82,650   410.92
Less : Exercised during the year   285,771   164.40   151,600   261.08
Outstanding at the end of the year   7,723,317   390.92   2,820,888   382.70
Options exercisable   273,037   355.79   2,193,488   358.13

The following table sets forth,
summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company at March 31, 2019.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
100-299   90,967   130.00   1.1
300-399   7,025,450   387.58   7.1
400-499   606,900   468.60   10.4

F-
60

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth,
summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company at March 31, 2018.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
100-299   340,113   130.00   2.1
300-400   1,853,375   400.00   0.1
401-500   627,400   468.60   11.4

ICICI General:

ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company has formulated ESOS for their employees. There is no compensation cost for the year ended March 31, 2019 based
on the intrinsic value of options. If the entity had used the fair value approach for accounting of options, there would have been
an incremental compensation cost of Rs. 176.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2019 (for the year ended March 31, 2018: Nil).

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company.

Rs. except number of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Number of
shares   Weighted average exercise price   Number of
shares   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   495,140   103.28   3,180,324   125.83
Add: Granted during the year   2,529,700   715.15   ..   ..
Less: Forfeited/ lapsed during the year   17,700   715.15   21,250   113.06
Less : Exercised during the year   361,640   102.50   2,663,934   130.13
Outstanding at the end of the year   2,645,500   684.37   495,140   103.28
Options exercisable   2,645,500   684.37   495,140   103.28

F-
61

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth, summary
of stock options outstanding of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company at March 31, 2019.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual
life (number of years)
35-99   16,000   60.00   1.1
100-200   117,500   111.45   1.6
700-799   2,512,000   715.15   4.3

The following table sets forth,
summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company at March 31, 2018.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual
life (number of years)
35 to 99   147,140   80.89   1.34
100 to 200   348,000   112.74   2.31

ICICI Securities:

ICICI Securities Limited
has formulated ESOS for their employees. There is no compensation cost for the year ended March 31, 2019 based on the intrinsic
value of options. If the entity had used the fair value approach for accounting of options, there would have been an incremental
compensation cost of Rs. 4.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2019 (for the year ended March 31, 2018: Nil).

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Securities Limited.

F-
62

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rs. except number of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Number of
shares   Weighted average exercise price   Number of
shares   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year   176,700   256.55   ..   ..
Less: Forfeited/ lapsed during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Less : Exercised during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   176,700   256.55   ..   ..
Options exercisable   ..   ..   ..   ..

The following table sets forth,
summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Securities Limited at March 31, 2019.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual
life (number of years)
200-299   176,700   256.55   6.55

The following table sets forth,
summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Securities Limited at March 31, 2018.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options (number of shares)   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average
remaining contractual life (number of years)
Nil

F-
63

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

If the Group had used
the fair value of options based on the binomial tree model, the compensation cost for the year ended March 31, 2019 would have
been higher by Rs. 3,368.9 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 3,417.2 million) and proforma consolidated profit after tax would have
been Rs. 39,173.5 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 73,704.6 million). On a proforma basis, the Group’s basic earnings per share
would have been Rs. 6.09 (March 31, 2018: Rs. 11.49) and diluted earnings per share would have been Rs. 6.01 (March 31, 2018: Rs.
11.37).

4.   Fixed assets

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the movement in software acquired by the Group, as included in fixed assets.

Rs. in
million

Particulars   At
March 31, 2019   At March 31, 2018
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   24,306.2   20,348.6
Additions during the year   3,060.7   4,062.4
Deductions during the year   (3,760.5)   (104.8)
Depreciation to date   (17,933.7)   (18,678.7)
Net block   5,672.7   5,627.5

5.   Assets on lease

5.1   Assets taken under operating lease

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the details of future rentals payable on operating leases.

Rs. in million

Particulars   At March 31, 2019   At March 31, 2018
Not later than one year   673.4   510.1
Later than one year and not later than five years   1,786.2   1,628.9
Later than five years   507.3   664.1
Total   2,966.9   2,803.1

The terms of renewal are those normally
prevalent in similar agreements and there are no undue restrictions in the agreements.

F-
64

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

5.2   Assets under finance lease

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the details of finance leases.

Rs
.

in million

Particulars   At March 31, 2019   At March 31, 2018
Future minimum lease receipts
Present value of lease receipts   1,417.8   1,136.8
Unmatured finance charges   89.1   77.5
Sub total   1,506.9   1,214.3
Less: collective provision   (2.8)   (3.0)
Total   1,504.1   1,211.3
Maturity profile of future minimum lease receipts
- Not later than one year   406.5   281.8
- Later than one year and not later than five years   951.3   788.7
- Later than five years   149.1   143.8
Total   1,506.9   1,214.3
Less: collective provision   (2.8)   (3.0)
Total   1,504.1   1,211.3

Maturity profile of present value of lease rentals

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the details of maturity profile of present value of finance lease receipts.

Rs. in million

Particulars   At March 31, 2019   At March 31, 2018
Maturity profile of future present value of finance lease receipts
- Not later than one year   372.7   256.4
- Later than one year and not later than five years   897.4   740.2
- Later than five years   147.7   140.2
Total   1,417.8   1,136.8
Less: collective provision   (2.8)   (3.0)
Total   1,415.0   1,133.8

F-
65

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

6.   Preference shares

During the year ended
March 31, 2019, the Bank redeemed preference shares of Rs. 3,500.0 million after obtaining requisite approval from RBI. The Bank
has created capital redemption reserve of Rs. 3,500.0 million as required under the Companies Act, 2013, out of surplus profits
available for previous years.

7.   Provisions and contingencies

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the break-up of provisions and contingencies included in the profit and loss account.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year
ended March
31, 2019   Year
ended March 31, 2018
Provision for depreciation of investments   3,591.3   19,489.3
Provision towards non-performing and other assets   176,113.9   147,516.1
Provision towards income tax
- Current 1   48,082.8   40,782.1
- Deferred   (30,891.8)   (21,992.9)
Other provisions and contingencies 2   24,913.0   12,724.2
Total provisions and contingencies   221,809.2   198,518.8

1.   During the year ended March 31, 2018, the Bank has recognised Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) credit
as an asset amounting to Rs. 2,178.0 million, as the normal income tax liability related to the year ended March 31, 2017 was less
than the MAT computed as per section 115JB of the Income tax Act, 1961. The MAT asset was fully utilised against the normal income
tax liability for the year ended March 31, 2018.

2.   Includes general provision made towards standard assets, provision on fixed assets acquired under
debt-asset swap and non-fund based facilities.

The Group has assessed
its obligations arising in the normal course of business, including pending litigations, proceedings pending with tax authorities
and other contracts including derivative and long term contracts. In accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standard - 29
on ‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets’, the Group recognises a provision for material foreseeable
losses when it has a present obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
to settle the obligation, in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. In cases where the available information indicates
that the loss on the contingency is reasonably possible or the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, a disclosure to this
effect is made as contingent liabilities in the financial statements. The Group does not expect the outcome of these proceedings
to have a materially adverse effect on its financial results. For insurance contracts booked in its life insurance subsidiary,
reliance has been placed on the Appointed Actuary for actuarial valuation of ‘liabilities for policies in force’. The
Appointed Actuary has

F-
66

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

confirmed that the assumptions used in
valuation of liabilities for policies in force are in accordance with the guidelines and norms issued by the IRDAI and the Institute
of Actuaries of India in concurrence with the IRDAI.

8.   Staff retirement benefits

Pension

The following tables set forth, for the
periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other details
for pension benefits.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Opening obligations   15,391.1   16,686.9
Service cost   232.2   275.0
Interest cost   1,123.7   1,113.1
Actuarial (gain)/loss   1,803.8   (1,162.8)
Liabilities extinguished on settlement   (1,833.7)   (1,399.0)
Benefits paid   (176.8)   (122.1)
Obligations at the end of year   16,540.3   15,391.1
Opening plan assets, at fair value   16,303.7   16,888.1
Expected return on plan assets   1,381.1   1,433.4
Actuarial gain/(loss)   (125.9)   (449.6)
Assets distributed on settlement   (2,037.4)   (1,554.5)
Contributions   94.1   108.4
Benefits paid   (176.8)   (122.1)
Closing plan assets, at fair value   15,438.8   16,303.7
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year   15,438.8   16,303.7
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (16,540.3)   (15,391.1)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in Para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   (310.1)
Asset/(liability)   (1,101.5)   602.5
Cost 1
Service cost   232.2   275.0

F-
67

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Interest cost   1,123.7   1,113.1
Expected return on plan assets   (1,381.1)   (1,433.4)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   1,929.7   (713.2)
Curtailments & settlements (gain)/loss   203.7   155.5
Effect of the limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’   (310.1)   241.8
Net cost   1,798.1   (361.2)
Actual return on plan assets   1,255.2   983.8
Expected employer’s contribution next year   1,000.0   3,000.0
Investment details of plan assets
Insurer managed funds   1.00%   0.88%
Government of India securities   49.63%   48.98%
Corporate bonds   44.91%   43.48%
Equity securities in listed companies   3.55%   6.00%
Others   0.91%   0.66%
Assumptions
Discount rate   7.05%   7.45%
Salary escalation rate:
On Basic pay   1.50%   1.50%
On Dearness relief   7.00%   7.00%
Estimated rate of return on plan assets   8.00%   8.00%

1.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision
for employees’ of Schedule 16- Operating expenses.

Estimated rate of return on plan assets
is based on the expected average long-term rate of return on investments of the Fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

Experience adjustment

Rs. in
million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018   Year   ended March 31, 2017   Year   ended March 31, 2016   Year ended March 31, 2015
Plan assets   15,438.8   16,303.7   16,888.1   13,191.6   10,103.4
Defined benefit obligations   (16,540.3)   (15,391.1)   (16,686.9)   (14,191.6)   (12,999.9)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   (310.1)   (68.4)   ..   ..

F-
68

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Surplus/(deficit)   (1,101.5)   602.5   132.8   (1,000.0)   (2,896.5)
Experience adjustment on plan assets   (125.9)   (449.6)   589.5   (4.1)   104.7
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   1,038.6   290.1   (80.0)   1,503.4   1,271.2

Gratuity

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other details
for gratuity benefits of the Group.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Opening obligations   11,846.6   11,172.6
Add: Adjustment for exchange fluctuation on opening obligation   3.0   0.4
Adjusted opening obligations   11,849.6   11,173.0
Service cost   1,248.2   1,178.2
Interest cost   919.1   775.8
Actuarial (gain)/loss   473.9   (316.3)
Past service cost   ..   16.1
Obligations transferred from/to other companies   (7.4)   33.4
Benefits paid   (1,166.3)   (1,013.6)
Obligations at the end of the year   13,317.1   11,846.6
Opening plan assets, at fair value   10,972.1   10,443.4
Expected return on plan assets   873.5   830.2
Actuarial gain/(loss)   (62.0)   (124.7)
Contributions   1,502.5   803.4
Assets transferred from/to other companies   (7.4)   33.4
Benefits paid   (1,166.3)   (1,013.6)
Closing plan assets, at fair value   12,112.4   10,972.1
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year   12,112.4   10,972.1
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (13,317.1)   (11,846.6)
Unrecognised past service cost   0.0   ..

F-
69

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..
Asset/(liability)   (1,204.7)   (874.5)
Cost for the year 1
Service cost   1,248.2   1,178.2
Interest cost   919.1   775.8
Expected return on plan assets   (873.5)   (830.2)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   535.9   (191.6)
Past service cost   ..   16.1
Losses/(gains) on "Acquisition/Divestiture"   ..   ..
Exchange fluctuation loss/(gain)   3.0   0.4
Effect of the limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’   ..   ..
Net cost   1,832.6   948.7
Actual return on plan assets   811.5   705.5
Expected employer’s contribution next year   1,138.0   1,838.0
Investment details of plan assets
Insurer managed funds   18.91%   18.15%
Government of India securities   24.24%   22.50%
Corporate bonds   35.28%   39.86%
Special Deposit schemes   2.40%   2.66%
Equity   10.45%   12.85%
Others   8.71%   3.98%
Assumptions
Discount rate   6.90%-7.80%   7.30%-7.85%
Salary escalation rate   7.00%-10.00%   7.00%-10.00%
Estimated rate of return on plan assets   7.50%-8.00%   7.50%-8.00%

1.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision
for employees’ of Schedule 16- Operating expenses.

Estimated rate of return on plan assets
is based on the expected average long-term rate of return on investments of the Fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

F-
70

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Experience adjustment

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended  March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018   Year ended March 31, 2017   Year ended March 31, 2016   Year ended March 31, 2015
Plan assets   12,112.4   10,972.1   10,443.4   8,361.6   7,862.7
Defined benefit obligations   (13,317.1)   (11,846.6)   (11,172.6)   (9,389.8)   (8,470.2)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Surplus/(deficit)   (1,204.7)   (874.5)   (729.2)   (1,028.2)   (607.5)
Experience adjustment on plan assets   (62.0)   (124.7)   542.2   (398.1)   699.4
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   243.7   261.8   269.8   171.4   70.6

The estimates of future
salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take into consideration inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant
factors.

Provident Fund (PF)

As there is no liability
towards interest rate guarantee on exempt provident fund on the basis of actuarial valuation, the Group has not made any provision
for the year ended March 31, 2019 (year ended March 31, 2018: Nil).

The following tables set forth, for the
periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other details
for provident fund of the Group.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Opening obligations   29,587.9   26,198.8
Service cost   1,499.0   1,380.7

F-
71

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Interest cost   2,221.5   1,757.2
Actuarial (gain)/loss   447.4   501.7
Employees contribution   2,798.8   2,619.1
Obligations transferred from/to other companies   217.5   354.5
Benefits paid   (3,489.7)   (3,224.1)
Obligations at end of the year   33,282.4   29,587.9
Opening plan assets   29,587.9   26,198.8
Expected return on plan assets   2,656.0   2,274.0
Actuarial gain / (loss)   13.0   (15.1)
Employer contributions   1,499.0   1,380.7
Employees contributions   2,798.8   2,619.1
Assets transfer from/to other companies   217.4   354.5
Benefits paid   (3,489.7)   (3,224.1)
Closing plan assets   33,282.4   29,587.9
Plan assets at the end of the year   33,282.4   29,587.9
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (33,282.4)   (29,587.9)
Asset/(liability)   -   ..
Cost for the year 1
Service cost   1,499.0   1,380.7
Interest cost   2,221.5   1,757.2
Expected return on plan assets   (2,656.0)   (2,274.0)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   434.4   516.8
Net cost   1,498.9   1,380.7
Actual return on plan assets   2,669.0   2,258.8
Expected employer's contribution next year   1,605.8   1,479.1
Investment details of plan assets
Government of India securities   48.63%   47.65%
Corporate Bonds   44.12%   45.17%
Special deposit scheme   1.63%   1.84%
Others   5.63%   5.34%

F-
72

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Assumptions
Discount rate   6.95%-7.40%   7.35%-7.60%
Expected rate of return on assets   8.21%-8.75%   8.18%-8.95%
Discount rate for the remaining term to maturity of investments   7.30%-7.65%   7.55%-8.05%
Average historic yield on the investment   8.48%-8.91%   8.28%-8.95%
Guaranteed rate of return   8.65%-8.65%   8.55%-8.65%

1.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision
for employees’ of Schedule 16- Operating expenses.

Experience adjustment

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018   Year ended March 31, 2017   Year ended March 31, 2016
Plan assets   33,282.4   29,587.9   26,198.8   23,209.5
Defined benefit obligations   (33,282.4)   (29,587.9)   (26,198.8)   (23,209.5)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b)) AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..   ..   ..
Surplus/(deficit)   ..   ..   ..   ..
Experience adjustment on plan assets   13.0   (15.1)   (8.3)   27.1
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   447.4   501.6   310.5   252.5

The Group has contributed
Rs. 2,842.6 million to provident fund including Government of India managed employees provident fund for the year ended March 31,
2019 (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 2,663.0 million), which includes compulsory contribution made towards employee pension scheme
under Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952.

Superannuation Fund

The Group has contributed
Rs. 240.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2019 (year ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 219.8 million) to Superannuation Fund for employees
who had opted for the scheme.

National Pension Scheme (NPS)

The Group has contributed
Rs. 132.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2019 (March 31, 2018: Rs. 114.0 million) to NPS for employees who had opted for
the scheme.

F-
73

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Compensated absence

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, cost for compensated absence.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Cost 1   888.6   799.9
Assumptions
Discount rate   6.90%-7.80%   7.30%-7.85%
Salary escalation rate   7.00%-10.00%   7.00%-10.00%

1.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of schedule- 16 Operating
expenses.

9.   Provision for income tax

The provision for
income tax (including deferred tax) for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to Rs. 17,191.0 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 18,789.2
million).

The Group has a comprehensive
system of maintenance of information and documents required by transfer pricing legislation under sections 92-92F of the Income
Tax Act, 1961. The management is of the opinion that all transactions with international related parties and specified transactions
with domestic related parties are primarily at arm's length so that the above legislation does not have material impact on the
financial statements.

10.   Deferred tax

At March 31, 2019,
the Group has recorded net deferred tax asset of Rs. 109,372.9 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 78,183.0 million), which have been
included in other assets.

The following table sets forth, for the
periods indicated, the break-up of deferred tax assets and liabilities into major items.

Rs. in million

Particulars   At   March 31, 2019   At      March 31,   2018
Deferred tax assets
Provision for bad and doubtful debts   134,571.6   103,939.1
Foreign currency translation reserve 1   283.0   861.2
Others   14,529.5   9,863.4
Total deferred tax assets   149,384.1   114,663.7

F-
74

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Deferred tax liabilities
Special reserve deduction   31,535.8   29,671.7
Mark-to-market gains 1   543.4   346.5
Depreciation on fixed assets   4,905.5   5,084.3
Interest on refund of taxes 1   2,632.6   1,077.1
Others   393.9   301.1
Total deferred tax liabilities   40,011.2   36,480.7
Total net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)   109,372.9   78,183.0

1.   These items are considered in accordance with the requirements of Income Computation and Disclosure
Standards (ICDS).

11.   Information about business and geographical segments

A.   Business Segments

The business segments
of the Group have been presented as follows:

i.   Retail banking includes exposures of the Bank which satisfy the four criteria of orientation,
product, granularity and low value of individual exposures for retail exposures laid down in Basel Committee on Banking Supervision
document “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards: A Revised Framework”. This segment
also includes income from credit cards, debit cards, third party product distribution and the associated costs.

ii.   Wholesale banking includes all advances to trusts,
                                         partnership firms, companies and statutory bodies, by the Bank which are not included
                                         under Retail banking.

iii.   Treasury includes the entire investment and derivative portfolio of the Bank and ICICI Strategic
Investments Fund.

iv.   Other banking includes leasing operations and
                                         other items not attributable to any particular business segment of the Bank. Further,
                                         it includes the Bank’s banking subsidiaries i.e. ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank
                                         Canada.

v.   Life insurance represents results of ICICI Prudential
                                        Life Insurance Company Limited.

vi.   General insurance represents results of ICICI
                                         Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

vii.   Others includes ICICI Home Finance Company Limited,
                                         ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited, ICICI International Limited, ICICI Securities
                                         Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.,
                                         ICICI Securities Inc., ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Prudential Trust Limited, ICICI Investment
Management Company Limited,

F-
75

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited and ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited.

Income, expenses, assets and liabilities
are either specifically identified with individual segments or are allocated to segments on a systematic basis.

All liabilities of the Bank are
transfer priced to a central treasury unit, which pools all funds and lends to the business units at appropriate rates based on
the relevant maturity of assets being funded after adjusting for regulatory reserve requirements.

The transfer pricing mechanism
of the Bank is periodically reviewed. The segment results are determined based on the transfer pricing mechanism prevailing for
the respective reporting periods.

The results of reported segments
for the year ended March 31, 2019 are not comparable with that of reported segments for the year ended March 31, 2018 to the extent
new entities have been consolidated and entities that have been discontinued from consolidation.

F-
76

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth, the business
segment results for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Rs. in
million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Revenue   591,723.3   341,685.0   541,021.8   37,425.1   366,987.7   111,526.8   60,995.7   (738,300.4)   1,313,065.0
2   Segment results 1   82,231.2   (102,423.4)   53,401.0   5,916.3   11,624.0   15,984.2   20,142.7   (12,793.4)   74,082.6
3   Unallocated expenses   ..
4   Operating
profit (2) – (3) 1   74,082.6
5   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   17,191.0
6   Net profit 2 (4) – (5)   56,891.6
Other information
7   Segment assets   3,071,558.3   2,884,954.5   3,331,049.7   765,251.5   1,626,999.2   329,504.5   314,909.5   (147,533.9)   12,176,693.3
8   Unallocated assets 3   211,245.6
9   Total assets (7) + (8)   12,387,938.9
10   Segment liabilities   4,889,760.0   1,874,784.2   2,801,718.4 4   687,857.4 4   1,629,321.7 4   334,018.4 4   318,012.7 4   (147,533.9) 4   12,387,938.9
11   Unallocated liabilities   ..
12   Total liabilities (10) + (11)   12,387,938.9
13   Capital expenditure   5,436.5   1,966.4   ..   251.3   1,245.1   1,159.3   970.3   ..   11,028.9
14   Depreciation   5,559.0   2,111.0   0.4   193.8   567.2   608.3   435.1   (16.4)   9,458.4

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net) and deferred tax assets (net).

4.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
77

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth, the business
segment results for the year ended March 31, 2018.

Rs.
in
million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Revenue   502,625.4   300,940.3   515,895.5   31,134.7   325,235.3   95,244.7   59,249.7   (640,634.6)   1,189,691.0
2   Segment results 1   71,414.2   (82,813.0)   77,451.4   5,705.4   17,191.3   11,962.3   21,040.8   (12,167.8)   109,784.6
3   Unallocated expenses   ..
4   Operating profit (2) – (3) 1   109,784.6
5   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   18,789.2
6   Net profit 2 (4) – (5)   90,995.4
Other information
7   Segment assets   2,586,385.4   2,657,712.2   3,304,242.1   680,805.1   1,415,129.1   294,632.6   313,824.1   (154,758.3)   11,097,972.3
8   Unallocated assets 3   144,838.1
9   Total assets (7) + (8)   11,242,810.4
10   Segment liabilities   4,135,023.7   1,672,682.4   2,947,045.6 4   611,878.3 4   1,417,238.7 4   297,406.3 4   316,293.7 4   (154,758.3) 4   11,242,810.4
11   Unallocated liabilities   ..
12   Total liabilities (10) + (11)   11,242,810.4
13   Capital expenditure   7,393.7   1,302.8   24.3   89.6   2,430.6   478.1   461.3   ..   12,180.4
14   Depreciation   6,665.6   1,081.8   17.7   123.5   436.8   546.5   366.0   (16.5)   9,221.4

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net) and deferred tax assets (net).

4.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
78

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

B.   Geographical segments

The Group has reported
its operations under the following geographical segments.

·   Domestic operations comprise branches and subsidiaries/joint
ventures in India.

·   Foreign operations comprise branches and subsidiaries/joint ventures outside India and offshore
banking units in India.

The Group conducts transactions
with its customers on a global basis in accordance with their business requirements, which may span across various geographies.

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, the geographical segment results.

Rs. in
million

Revenue   Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Domestic operations   1,248,986.2   1,133,473.4
Foreign operations   64,078.8   56,217.6
Total   1,313,065.0   1,189,691.0

Rs. in
million

Assets   At March 31, 2019   At March 31, 2018
Domestic operations   10,719,652.3   9,632,242.3
Foreign operations   1,457,041.0   1,465,730.0
Total   12,176,693.3   11,097,972.3

Note: Segment assets do not
include tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net) and deferred tax assets (net).

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, capital expenditure and depreciation thereon for the geographical segments.

Rs. in million

Capital expenditure incurred during the   Depreciation provided during the
Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018   Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Domestic operations   10,704.5   11,954.1   9,273.8   9,072.2
Foreign operations   324.4   226.3   184.6   149.2
Total   11,028.9   12,180.4   9,458.4   9,221.4

12.   Penalties/fines imposed by banking regulatory bodies

The penalty imposed
by RBI and other banking regulatory bodies during the year ended March 31, 2019 was Rs. 10.0 million (year ended March 31, 2018:
Rs. 627.2 million).

RBI through an order
dated February 25, 2019, imposed a monetary penalty of Rs. 10.0 million on the Bank for delay in compliance with RBI’s directives
on “Time-bound implementation & strengthening of SWIFT related controls”.

F-
79

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

13.   Additional information to consolidated accounts

Additional information
to consolidated accounts at March 31, 2019 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013)

Rs. in million

Name of the entity   Net assets 1   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
Parent
ICICI Bank Limited   94.9%   1,083,680.4   79.1%   33,633.0
Subsidiaries
Indian
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   0.9%   9,915.6   1.4%   606.5
ICICI Securities Limited   0.9%   10,212.2   11.5%   4,911.8
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   1.4%   16,428.2   0.7%   279.9
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   0.0% 2   7.0   0.0% 2   0.4
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   0.0% 2   113.4   0.0% 2   3.8
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   0.2%   2,315.3   1.6%   690.7
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   6.2%   70,474.5   26.8%   11,406.5
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   5.0%   56,588.8   24.7%   10,492.6
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   0.0% 2   14.9   0.0% 2   1.6
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   1.0%   11,184.4   16.1%   6,866.7
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited   0.0% 2   346.1   (0.0%) 2   (17.2)
Foreign
ICICI Bank UK PLC   2.7%   31,419.3   (8.7%)   (3,696.6)
ICICI Bank Canada   2.6%   29,443.6   6.6%   2,792.3
ICICI International Limited   0.0% 2   108.2   0.0% 2   9.8
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.   0.0% 2   128.9   0.0% 2   1.7
ICICI Securities Inc.   0.0% 2   217.7   0.1% 2   36.5
Other consolidated entities
Indian
ICICI Strategic Investments Fund   0.0% 2   255.1   0.0% 2   12.3
Foreign

F-
80

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Minority Interests in all subsidiaries   (5.8%)   (65,805.4)   (33.7%)   (14,349.2)
Associates
Indian
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   ..   ..   ..   ..
NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited   ..   ..   0.0% 2   4.7
ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0% 2   1.1
India Infradebt Limited   ..   ..   1.8%   766.6
India Advantage Fund III   ..   ..   0.1% 2   39.6
India Advantage Fund IV   ..   ..   0.0% 2   1.6
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   2.8
Foreign

NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Joint Ventures
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Inter-company adjustments   (10.0%)   (114,514.1)   (28.1%)   (11,957.1)
TOTAL   100.0%   1,142,534.1   100.0%   42,542.4

1.   Total assets minus total liabilities.

2.   Insignificant.

F-
81

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Additional information
to consolidated accounts at March 31, 2018 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013)

Rs. in million

Name of the entity   Net assets 1   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
Parent
ICICI Bank Limited   95.1%   1,051,589.4   87.9%   67,774.2
Subsidiaries
Indian
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   0.9%   9,742.6   1.4%   1,116.3
ICICI Securities Limited   0.7%   8,250.9   7.2%   5,533.6
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   1.5%   16,133.2   0.8%   642.5
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   0.0% 2   6.5   0.0% 2   0.6
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   0.0% 2   109.6   0.0% 2   0.7
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   0.2%   2,179.8   0.1%   111.8
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   6.2%   68,852.6   21.0%   16,198.3
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   4.8%   52,750.4   11.2%   8,617.8
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   0.0% 2   14.6   0.0% 2   1.9
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   0.7%   8,233.3   8.1%   6,255.5
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited   0.0% 2   263.3   (0.0%) 2   (6.6)
Foreign
ICICI Bank UK PLC   3.0%   33,027.6   (2.1%)   (1,646.7)
ICICI Bank Canada   2.5%   27,670.1   2.9%   2,222.6
ICICI International Limited   0.0% 2   92.8   0.0% 2   4.6
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.   0.0% 2   127.2   0.0% 2   0.1
ICICI Securities Inc.   0.0% 2   181.2   0.1%   43.6
Other consolidated entities
Indian
ICICI Strategic Investments Fund   0.0% 2   231.3   0.0% 2   13.3
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Minority interests   (5.4%)   (60,081.9)   (18.0%)   (13,873.6)

F-
82

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Associates
Indian
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   ..   ..   ..   ..
NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited   ..   ..   0.0% 2   2.9
ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   ..   ..   ..   ..
India Infradebt Limited   ..   ..   0.6%   432.5
India Advantage Fund III   ..   ..   0.0% 2   10.9
India Advantage Fund IV   ..   ..   0.0% 2   (7.9)
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Joint Ventures
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Inter-company adjustments   (10.2%)   (113,077.5)   (21.2%)   (16,327.0)
Total net assets/net profit   100.0%   1,106,297.0   100.0%   77,121.9

1.   Total assets minus total liabilities.

2.   Insignificant

14.   Sale of equity shareholding in subsidiaries

During the year ended
March 31, 2019, the Bank sold 2.00% of its shareholding in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Limited and made a net gain of Rs. 10,059.3
million on this sale.

During the year ended
March 31, 2018, the Bank sold approximately 7.00% of its shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in the
initial public offer (IPO) and made a net gain of Rs. 17,113.2 million on this sale. Further, the Bank sold approximately 20.78%
of its shareholding in ICICI Securities Limited in the IPO and made a net gain of Rs. 32,081.6 million on this sale.

15.   Divergence in asset classification and provisioning
for NPAs

In terms of the RBI
circular no. //DBR.BP.BC.No.32/21.04.018/2018-19 dated April 1, 2019, banks are required to disclose the divergences in asset classification
and provisioning consequent to RBI’s annual supervisory process in their notes to accounts to the financial statements, wherever
either (a) the additional provisioning requirements assessed by RBI exceed 10% of the reported net profits before provisions and
contingencies (15% of the published net profits after tax for the year ended March 31, 2017) or (b) the additional gross NPAs identified
by RBI exceed 15% of the published incremental gross NPAs for the reference period, or both. Based on the condition mentioned in
RBI circular, no disclosure on divergence in asset classification and provisioning for NPAs is required with respect to RBI’s
supervisory process for the year ended March 31, 2018 and for the year ended March 31, 2017.

F-
83

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules
forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

16.   Revaluation of fixed assets

The Bank and its housing
finance subsidiary follow the revaluation model for their premises (land and buildings) other than improvements to leasehold property
as per AS 10 – ‘Property, Plant and Equipment’. The Bank had initially revalued its premises at March 31, 2016
and its housing finance subsidiary revalued its premises at March 31, 2017. In accordance with the policy, annual revaluation is
carried out through external valuers, using methodologies such as direct comparison method and income generation method and the
incremental amount has been taken to revaluation reserve. The revalued amount at March 31, 2019 was Rs. 57,631.2 million (March
31, 2018: Rs. 57,416.0 million) as compared to the historical cost less accumulated depreciation of Rs. 26,926.8 million (March
31, 2018: Rs. 27,144.0 million).

The revaluation reserve
is not available for distribution of dividend.

17.   Proposed dividend on equity and preference shares

The Board of Directors
at its meeting held on May 6, 2019 has recommended a dividend of Rs. 1 per equity share for the year ended March 31, 2019 (year
ended March 31, 2018: Rs. 1.50 per equity share). The declaration and payment of dividend is subject to requisite approvals.

18.   Dividend distribution tax

Dividend received
from Indian subsidiaries, on which dividend distribution tax has been paid by them and dividend received from overseas subsidiaries,
on which tax has been paid under section 115BBD of the Income Tax Act, 1961, have been reduced from dividend to be distributed
by the Bank for the purpose of computation of dividend distribution tax as per section 115-O of the Income Tax Act, 1961.

19.   Adoption of IFRS-9 by ICICI Bank Canada

ICICI Bank Canada
has adopted International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 9- Financial Instruments for preparation of its financial statements
from January 1, 2018. Accordingly, for financial statements of ICICI Bank Canada included in the consolidated financial statements,
IFRS 9 has been adopted from April 1, 2018. The impact of Rs. 263.0 million (CAD 5.1 million) on first time adoption of IFRS 9
has been adjusted and shown in Schedule 2- Reserves and Surplus under balance in profit and loss account in the financials for
the year ended March 31, 2019.

20.   Additional disclosure

Additional statutory
information disclosed in the separate financial statements of the Bank and subsidiaries having no material bearing on the true
and fair view on the consolidated financial statements and the information pertaining to the items which are not material have
not been disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.

21.   Comparative figures

Figures of the previous
year have been re-grouped to conform to the current year presentation.

F-
84

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

B.   Additional Notes

1.   Reserves

Statutory
reserve:
Represents reserve created as a percentage of the net profit before any other appropriation as required by the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949. Every banking company in India is currently required to transfer not less than 25% of the net profit (before
appropriations) to the “statutory reserve”.

Special
reserve:
Represents reserve maintained under the Income Tax Act, 1961 to avail tax benefits.

Securities
premium:
 Represents amount of premium received on issue of share capital, net of expenses incurred on issue of shares.

Investment
reserve account:
Represents provision for depreciation on available for sale and held for trading securities in excess of
required amount which is credited to profit and loss account and appropriated to this reserve, net of tax and transfer to statutory
reserve.

Investment
fluctuation reserve:
Represents appropriation of net gains on sale of securities classified as available for sale and held
for trading, or net profit after mandatory appropriations to other reserves, whichever is lower, until the amount of this reserve
is atleast 2% of held for trading and available for sale portfolio.

Unrealised
investment reserve:
Represents unrealized gains/losses on investments of consolidated venture capital funds.

Capital
reserve:
Represents amount of gains on sale of securities classified as held to maturity and gains on sale of land and building,
net of tax and transfer to statutory reserve.

Capital
redemption reserve:
Represents appropriations made from the surplus profit available for previous years on redemption of preference
shares by the Bank, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.

Foreign
currency translation reserve:
Represents cumulative exchange differences arising from translation of financial statements
of non-integral foreign operations.

Revaluation
reserve:
Represents reserve on revaluation of premises carried out by the Group.

Reserve
fund:
Represents appropriation made to reserve fund in accordance with regulations applicable to Sri Lanka branch of the Bank.

Revenue
and other reserves:
Represents reserves other than capital reserves and those separately classified.

Balance
in profit and loss account:
Represents the balance of profit after appropriations.

F-
85

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

2.   Deposits

Deposits
include demand deposits, which are non-interest bearing, and savings and time deposits, which are interest bearing.

The
following table sets forth the residual contractual maturities of time deposits at March 31, 2019.

Rupees
in million

Deposits maturing during the year
    ending March 31,
2020   2,740,055.8
2021   483,552.2
2022   148,016.7
2023   47,704.9
2024   48,303.4
Thereafter   22,180.3
Total
    time deposits   3,489,813.3

At
March 31, 2019, the aggregate of time deposits with individual balances greater than Rs. 5.0 million was Rs. 1,888,743.4 million
(March 31, 2018: Rs. 1,524,746.8 million).

3.   Long-term debt

Long-term
debt represents debt with an original contractual maturity of greater than one year. Maturity distribution is based on contractual
maturity or the date at which the debt is callable at the option of the holder, whichever is earlier. A portion of the long-term
debt bears a fixed rate of interest. Interest rates on floating-rate debt are generally linked to London Inter-Bank Offer Rate
(‘LIBOR’) or similar money market rates. The segregation between fixed-rate and floating-rate obligations is based
on the contractual terms.

The
following table sets forth a listing of long-term debt at March 31, 2019, by maturity and interest rate profile.

Rupees
in million

Long-term debt maturing during the year ending March
    31,   Fixed-rate
    obligations   Floating-rate
    obligations   Total
2020   265,920.9   127,028.4   392,949.3
2021   276,565.1   55,176.1   331,741.2
2022   108,493.4   51,875.9   160,369.3
2023   128,924.1   119,796.6   248,720.7
2024   117,493.6   31,619.7   149,113.3
Thereafter   287,747.1   134.5   287,881.6
Total   1,185,144.2   385,631.2   1,570,775.4
Less:
        Unamortized debt issue costs   (796.9)
Total   1,569,978.5

Long-term
debt is denominated in various currencies. At March 31, 2019, long-term debt comprises Indian rupee debt of Rs. 767,365.3 million
(March 31, 2018: Rs. 780,290.7 million) and foreign currency debt of Rs. 802,613.2 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 829,076.6 million).

F-
86

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Indian
rupee debt

The
following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of major categories of Indian rupee debt.

Rupees
in million

At March 31, 2019
Category   Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
onds issued to institutional/individual investors   498,200.3   8.8%   7.4% to 14.2%   4.1
Refinance from financial institutions   214,319.8   7.1%   4.6% to 10.0 %   2.5
Borrowings from other banks   49,097.7   8.8%   8.1% to 9.4%   3.4
Fixed deposits   5,747.5   8.4%   6.9% to 9.1%   2.5
Preference shares   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   767,365.3   8.3%   3.6

Rupees
in million

At March 31, 2018
Category   Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds issued to institutional/individual investors   575,156.9   9.0%   7.2% to 14.2%   4.3
Refinance from financial institutions   170,388.0   7.1%   4.6% to 8.7%   2.8
Borrowings from other banks   29,068.5   8.2%   7.9% to 9.5%   3.4
Fixed deposits   2,177.3   8.3%   6.9% to 9.4%   1.3
Preference shares   3,500.0   0.001%   0.001%   0.1
Total   780,290.7   8.5%   3.9

Foreign
currency debt

The
following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of major categories of foreign currency debt.

Rupees
in million

At March 31, 2019
Category   Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds   455,422.9   4.2%   0.7% to 7.0%   2.7
Other borrowings   347,190.3   2.8%   0.0% to 4.4%   2.3
Total   802,613.2   3.6%   2.5

Rupees
in million

At
    March 31, 2018
Category   Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in
years)
Bonds   443,829.0   4.1%   0.7% to 7.0%   3.6
Other borrowings   385,247.6   2.3%   0.0% to 4.0%   2.3
Total   829,076.6   3.3%   3.0

F-
87

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

See note
on “Schedule 18B- Additional note- Selected information from Indian GAAP financials” for assets pledged as securities
for borrowings.

4.   Cash and cash equivalents

Deposits
maintained with the Reserve Bank of India were Rs. 291,541.3 million at March 31, 2019 (March 31, 2018: Rs. 250,570.6 million)
towards compliance with the guidelines governing minimum cash reserve requirements. Out of this, the Bank’s minimum cash
reserve requirement at March 31, 2019 was Rs. 255,817.8 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 220,909.8 million) which is subject to withdrawal
and usage restrictions.

Deposits
with other banks include Rs. 26,495.3 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 20,732.3 million)  in deposit, which have original
maturities greater than 90 days.

5.   Investments

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as held to maturity.

Rupees
in million

At
        March 31, 2019   At
        March 31, 2018
Amortized cost/cost   Gross unrealized
    gain   Gross
unrealized loss   Fair
value   Amortized cost/cost   Gross
unrealized gain   Gross
unrealized loss   Fair
    value
Held
    to maturity
Corporate
    debt securities   238,738.0   2,611.9   (1,875.2)   239,474.7   177,703.1   2,346.8   (951.4)   179,098.5
Government
    securities   1,460,234.4   21,237.1   (4,395.5)   1,477,076.0   1,336,200.7   7,524.2   (14,403.4)   1,329,321.5
Other debt
    securities   7,654.8   13.4   (0.4)   7,667.8   8,557.0   11.2   (2.2)   8,566.0
Total
    debt securities   1,706,627.2   23,862.4   (6,271.1)   1,724,218.5   1,522,460.8   9,882.2   (15,357.0)   1,516,986.0
Equity shares   367.3   ..   ..   367.3   326.1   ..   ..   326.1
Other securities   7,070.9   588.2   (117.4)   7,541.7   6,658.8   1,207.6   (59.1)   7,807.3
Total   1,714,065.4   24,450.6   (6,388.5)   1,732,127.5   1,529,445.7   11,089.8   (15,416.1)   1,525,119.4

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees
in million

At
March 31, 2019   At
March 31, 2018
Amortized
    cost/cost   Gross unrealized
    gain   Gross unrealized
    loss   Fair value   Amortized cost/cost   Gross unrealized
    gain   Gross unrealized
    loss   Fair
    value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   155,043.4   2,391.6   (1,139.0)   156,296.0   157,992.4   1,461.2   (1,664.0)   157,789.6
Government securities   348,982.2   1,855.2   (105.9)   350,731.5   350,051.2   820.9   (716.4)   350,155.7
Other debt securities   197,289.5   2,625.1   (886.4)   199,028.2   193,297.8   114.5   (1,301.4)   192,110.9
Total debt securities   701,315.1   6,871.9   (2,131.3)   706,055.7   701,341.4   2,396.6   (3,681.8)   700,056.2
Equity shares   129,583.4   34,545.6   (26,517.5)   137,611.5   109,137.5   40,839.5   (18,614.8)   131,362.2
Other securities   61,589.8   5,980.7   (1,997.8)   65,572.7   70,657.4   11,409.6   (4,567.7)   77,499.3
Total   892,488.3   47,398.2   (30,646.6)   909,239.9   881,136.3   54,645.7   (26,864.3)   908,917.7

F-
88

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Income
from securities available for sale

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of income from securities classified as available for sale.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Interest   43,038.9   37,152.4   34,736.5
Dividend   1,721.4   1,321.6   1,415.6
Total   44,760.3   38,474.0   36,152.1
Gross realized gain   32,690.4   41,714.9   14,488.6
Gross realized loss   (7,823.3)   (3,934.1)   (2,720.6)
Total   24,867.1   37,780.8   11,768.0

Income
from securities held for trading

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of income from securities classified as held for trading.

Rupees
in million

Year
        ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Interest and dividend   20,527.8   22,211.7   21,283.6
Realized gain/(loss) on sale of trading portfolio   (50.0)   (1,937.9)   10,840.3
Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio   659.2   713.8   (1,758.6)
Total   21,137.0   20,987.6   30,365.3

Maturity
profile of debt securities

The
following table sets forth a listing of each category of held to maturity debt securities at March 31, 2019, by maturity.

Rupees
in million

Amortized cost   Fair value
Corporate debt securities
Less than one year   21,667.7   21,726.7
One to five years   97,226.5   97,475.6
Five to ten years   111,693.1   112,074.3
Greater than ten years   8,150.7   8,198.1
Total corporate debt securities   238,738.0   239,474.7
Government securities
Less than one year   9,107.6   9,119.2
One to five years   559,081.3   565,336.4
Five to ten years   591,112.2   597,710.6
Greater than ten years   300,933.3   304,909.8
Total government securities   1,460,234.4   1,477,076.0
Other debt securities
Less than one year   7,654.8   7,667.8
One to five years   ..   ..
Five to ten years   ..   ..
Greater than ten years   ..   ..
Total other debt securities   7,654.8   7,667.8
Total debt securities classified as held to maturity   1,706,627.2   1,724,218.5

F-
89

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
following table sets forth a listing of each category of available for sale debt securities at March 31, 2019, by maturity.

Rupees
in million

Amortized cost   Fair value
Corporate debt securities
Less than one year   12,634.1   12,660.2
One to five years   111,043.7   111,691.4
Five to ten years   25,757.6   26,488.9
Greater than ten years   5,608.0   5,455.5
Total corporate debt securities   155,043.4   156,296.0
Government securities
Less than one year   145,589.4   145,798.4
One to five years   155,485.6   156,665.9
Five to ten years   46,530.7   46,879.4
Greater than ten years   1,376.5   1,387.8
Total Government securities   348,982.2   350,731.5
Other debt securities
Less than one year   113,914.2   114,361.4
One to five years   62,301.5   62,938.3
Five to ten years   9,258.0   9,403.7
Greater than ten years   11,815.8   12,324.8
Total other debt securities   197,289.5   199,028.2
Total debt securities classified as available for sale   701,315.1   706,055.7

6.   Repurchase transactions

The
Group has undertaken repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions of Government securities during the year. These transactions
are generally of a very short tenure and are undertaken with the Reserve Bank of India, banks and other financial institutions
as counterparties.

At
March 31, 2019, outstanding borrowings under repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility offered by Reserve
Bank of India amounted to Rs. 148,045.3 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 213,227.0 million) and the outstanding lendings under reverse
repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility amounted to Rs. 107,081.6 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 151,407.2
million).

During
fiscal 2019, average borrowings under repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility amounted to Rs. 155,902.1
million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 118,739.2 million) and average lendings under reverse repurchase transactions including Liquidity
Adjustment Facility amounted to Rs. 73,226.1 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 79,897.9 million).

7.   Loans

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of loans by category.

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
2019   2018
Commercial loans   3,234,407.0   3,018,836.3
Term loans   1,773,504.6   1,717,084.0
Working capital facilities 1   1,460,902.4   1,301,752.3
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   3,578,558.3   2,924,289.3
Mortgage loans   2,098,716.3   1,770,663.1
Other secured loans   1,010,863.1   822,953.4
Credit cards   127,273.3   96,573.7
Other unsecured loans   341,705.6   234,099.1
Lease financing 2   1,417.8   1,136.8
Total gross advances   6,814,383.1   5,944,262.4
Provision for loan losses 3   (344,766.3   )   (275,720.2   )
Total net advances   6,469,616.8   5,668,542.2

1.   Includes bills purchased
and discounted, over drafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

2.   Lease financing activity
includes leasing and hire purchase.

3.   Excludes provision on performing
loans.

F-
90

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Commercial loans

Commercial
loans include term loans and working capital facilities extended to corporate and other business entities.

Each
commercial loan undergoes a detailed credit review process in accordance with the Bank’s credit policy. After disbursement,
commercial loans are individually monitored and reviewed for any possible deterioration of the borrower’s ability to repay
the loan. Term loans, including corporate finance and project finance loans, are typically secured by a first lien on the borrower’s
fixed assets, which normally consist of property, plants and equipment. Working capital facilities, which include bills purchased
and discounted, over drafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand, are typically secured by a first lien on the borrower’s
current assets, which normally consist of inventory and receivables.

The
overall economic condition affecting businesses impacts the Bank’s commercial loan portfolio. A prolonged slowdown in the
Indian economy and significant decline in commodity prices could adversely affect clients’ abilities to repay loans. In
light of increasing international trade linkages, clients’ abilities to repay loans may also be negatively affected by adverse
economic developments in the United States and other major economies. Unfavorable exchange rate movements may also increase clients’
debt burden and adversely affect their abilities to repay loans.

Project
financing term loans provided to the industrial and manufacturing sectors constitute a significant portion of the Bank’s
commercial loan portfolio. Each client’s ability to repay these loans depends on the viability of the project financed which,
in turn, depends on the timeliness of the project’s completion, the stability of government policies and changes in market
demand.

Consumer loans

The
Bank’s consumer loan portfolio includes both secured loans and unsecured loans. Secured consumer loans constitute a significant
majority of the Bank’s total consumer loan portfolio. Though the loans in the Bank’s secured loan portfolio are secured
by first and exclusive liens on the assets financed, recoveries in case of default may be subject of delays up to several years,
due to the protracted legal process in India. The challenge of collection, which is affected by the regulatory guidelines on collection
practices, also affects recoveries. To mitigate risk, the Bank obtains direct debit mandates or post-dated checks on pre-specified
dates for repayment of consumer installment loans.

Secured consumer loan portfolio

The
Bank’s secured loan portfolio consists of mortgage loans, automobile loans, commercial vehicle loans, jewel loans, farm
equipment loans, kisan credit cards and other secured loans.

The
Bank’s mortgage loan portfolio includes home loans made to individuals and business entities and loan against mortgage of
property for any business or personal requirement. Typically, mortgage loans are secured by first and exclusive liens on the financed
properties. Borrower default risk is mitigated by rigorous credit review procedures. The Bank’s mortgage loan portfolio
risk is driven primarily by interest rate movement, the loan-to-value ratios of the loans in the portfolio changes in property
price, the nature of the borrowers’ employment (e.g., salaried or self-employed) and the borrowers’ income levels.

The
Bank’s automobile loan and commercial vehicle loan portfolios are also secured by first liens on the assets financed by
the loans. Major factors affecting the performance of the automobile loan portfolio include the nature of the borrowers’
employment, the borrowers’ income levels, the loan-to-value ratios of the loans in the portfolio and the nature of use of
the financed vehicles. The Bank’s commercial vehicle loan portfolio risk is largely driven by borrowers’ characteristics,
rate of economic activity and fuel price.

F-
91

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
Bank extends kisan credit card facility to farmers for meeting their cost of cultivation and other ancillary expenses. These loans
are secured by hypothecation of crops and mortgage of the agricultural land. Unfavorable monsoon, natural calamities and announcement
of farm loan waiver by state governments are among the key risk drivers of kisan credit card portfolio.

The
Bank provides jewel loans against gold ornaments and gold coins. Key risks include volatility in gold price and authenticity (purity
and weight) of the jewels.

Borrowers’
abilities to repay farm equipment loans generally depend on the agriculture in India which, in turn, depends on the timing of
monsoons.

Unsecured consumer loan
portfolio

The
Bank’s unsecured loan portfolio includes personal loans, credit cards and other unsecured loans. General economic conditions
and other factors such as changes in unemployment rates, economic growth rates and borrowers’ income levels impact this
portfolio.

Maturity
profile of loans

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the maturity profile of loans.

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
2019   2018
Less than one year   1,963,603.8   1,702,635.4
One to five years   2,918,084.0   2,479,244.5
Greater than five years   1,587,929.0   1,486,662.3
Total   6,469,616.8   5,668,542.2

Interest
income on loans

The
Bank and its housing finance subsidiary recognizes interest income on loans in the profit and loss account as it accrues except
in the case of non-performing loans where interest is recognized upon realization, as per the income recognition and asset classification
norms of Reserve Bank of India/National Housing Bank. Interest income in borrower accounts that are upgraded from the non-performing
category to the standard category is accrued from the date of such upgrade. For assets, where the Bank invoked resolution scheme
of strategic debt restructuring, change in ownership outside strategic debt restructuring or sustainable structuring of stressed
assets, the interest income was recognized upon realization during the stand-still period. From February 12, 2018, Reserve Bank
of India withdrew the scheme of strategic debt restructuring, change in ownership outside strategic debt restructuring or sustainable
structuring of stressed assets and the interest income for the cases, where these resolution schemes were not implemented, has
been recognized as per the income recognition and asset classification norms of Reserve Bank of India. The overseas banking subsidiaries
of the Bank recognize interest on loans as it accrues except in the case of impaired loans where interest is accrued on net loans.

F-
92

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of interest income on loans.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Commercial loans 1   224,381.1   193,726.0   196,000.1
Consumer loans and credit card receivables 2   284,448.2   238,801.1   224,803.6
Lease financing 3   19.0   1.1   ..
Total   508,848.3   432,528.2   420,803.7

1.   Includes bills purchased
and discounted, over drafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

2.   Includes mortgage loans,
automobile loans, commercial business loans, two wheeler loans, personal loans, credit card receivables and farm equipment loans.

3.   Lease financing activity
includes leasing and hire purchase.

Standard
restructured loans

The
Group classifies a loan as a restructured loan where it has made concessionary modifications, which include changes in
repayment period, principal amount, repayment installment and reduction in rate of interest, that it would not otherwise
consider, to the contractual terms of a loan to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. From February 12, 2018 this
definition has been expanded to include loans where the Bank has entered into a settlement and the time given for payment of
the settlement amount exceeds three months. Upto February 12, 2018, loan accounts subjected to restructuring by the Bank were
upgraded to the standard category from standard restructured category if the borrower demonstrated, over a minimum period of
one year, the ability to repay the loan in accordance with the contractual terms and the borrower  was reinstated to a normal
level of general provisions for standard loans/risk weights for capital adequacy computations. The period of one year was
from the commencement of the first payment of principal or interest whichever was later on the credit facility with the
longest period of moratorium under the restructured terms. From February 12, 2018, large restructured accounts (accounts
where the aggregate exposure of lenders is Rs. 1.00 billion and above) would qualify for an upgrade if in addition to
demonstration of satisfactory payment performance as mentioned above, the loan is rated at investment grade (BBB- or better)
at the end of the ‘specified period’ by credit rating agencies accredited with the Reserve Bank of India.
Borrower accounts with an aggregate exposure of Rs. 5.00 billion and above require ratings from two credit rating agencies
while those below Rs. 5.00 billion require a rating from one credit rating agency. The Reserve Bank of India has separate
guidelines for restructured loans. Up to year-end fiscal 2015, a fully secured standard loan (other than in specified
categories such as personal loans, capital market exposures and commercial real estate exposures) could be restructured by
rescheduling the principal repayment and/or the interest element without being classified as non-performing subject to
compliance with prescribed conditions, but separately disclosed as a standard restructured loan. Loans restructured by the
Bank after April 1, 2015 (excluding loans given for implementation of projects in the infrastructure sector and
non-infrastructure sector and which are delayed up to a specified period) by re-scheduling the principal repayments and/or
the interest element are classified as non-performing.

At
March 31, 2019, the Group had committed to lend (including non fund-based facilities) Rs. 754.2 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 2,967.4
million) to borrowers who are parties to standard restructurings.

F-
93

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
following table sets forth, for the dates indicated, a listing of standard restructured loans.

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
2019   2018
Commercial loans
Term loans   1,552.6   16,023.8
Working capital facilities   2,046.6   2,325.2
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   53.1   44.7
Other secured loans   85.0   185.1
Credit cards   ..   ..
Other unsecured loans   ..   ..
Lease financing   ..   ..

Total gross restructured loans

3,737.3

18,578.8

Provision for loan losses

(278.9
)

(628.1
)

Total net restructured loans

3,458.4

17,950.7

Represents entire borrower level
outstanding of the restructured accounts.

During
fiscal 2017, the Reserve Bank of India introduced a scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets and issued guidelines
which sought to strengthen banks’ ability to undertake resolution of large borrower accounts that are facing financial difficulties
on account of delays in completing large projects. The scheme aimed at enabling lenders to initiate deep financial restructuring,
subject to fulfillment of certain conditions, for sustainable revival of projects. The scheme envisaged bifurcation of the current
dues of a borrower into sustainable debt and other than sustainable debt as per an independent study of the viability of the borrower’s
operations. The scheme also envisaged that the asset classification of the borrower as on a ‘reference date’ (date
on which the lenders jointly decide to invoke the scheme) would continue for a period of 180 days (stand-still period). On February
12, 2018, the Reserve Bank of India withdrew the scheme for sustainable structuring of stressed assets and stand-still benefit
was withdrawn where such schemes were not implemented on that date. At March 31, 2019, the portfolio of loans where this scheme
had been implemented by the Bank was Rs. 6.2 billion (March 31, 2018: Rs. 6.6 billion).

In
fiscal 2016, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines permitting banks to flexibly structure long-term project loans to infrastructure
and other core industries with an option to periodically refinance the loans without such refinancing being considered as restructuring.
At March 31, 2019, the portfolio of such loans was Rs. 45.9 billion (March 31, 2018: Rs. 60.6 billion) out of which Rs. 19.1 billion
(March 31, 2018: Rs. 21.2 billion) was classified as performing loans.

Non-performing
loans

The
Bank classifies all credit exposures at a borrower level, including overdues arising from crystallized derivative contracts, into
performing and non-performing loans as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under Reserve Bank of India guidelines, an asset
is generally classified as non-performing if any amount of interest or principal remains overdue for more than 90 days, in respect
of term loans. In respect of overdraft or cash credit, an asset is classified as non-performing if the account remains out of
order for a period of 90 days and in respect of bills, if the account remains overdue for more than 90 days. Reserve Bank of India
guidelines also require an asset to be classified as non-performing based on certain other criteria like restructuring of a loan,
inability of a borrower to complete a project funded by banks within stipulated timelines and certain other non-financial parameters.
Advances held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than
record of recovery, but which are standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are identified as non-performing
to the extent of amount of outstanding in the host country. In case of the Bank’s housing finance subsidiary, loans and
other credit facilities are classified into performing and non-performing loans as per the National Housing Bank guidelines. Further,
non-performing loans are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated by Reserve Bank
of India/National Housing Bank. Loans in the Bank’s United Kingdom’s subsidiary are classified as impaired if there
is objective evidence of

F-
94

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

impairment
as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the loan (a loss event) and that loss event (or
events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. Loans in the Bank’s
Canadian subsidiary are considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future
cash flows of that loan have occurred.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of non-performing loans.

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
2019   2018
Commercial loans
Term loans   310,119.6   376,121.1
Working capital loans   124,160.1   150,433.7
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   18,395.7   16,526.1
Other secured loans   21,825.9   16,085.0
Credit cards   4,661.4   3,136.0
Other unsecured loans   6,526.6   4,736.1
Lease financing   ..   ..
Total gross non-performing loans   485,689.3   567,038.0
Provision for loan losses   (343,643.1   )   (274,118.0   )
Total net non-performing loans   142,046.2   292,920.0

Identification
of loans as non-performing/impaired is in line with guidelines applicable to the Bank and respective subsidiaries.

Provision
for loan losses

The
Bank and its housing finance subsidiary hold specific provisions against non-performing loans and general provisions against performing
loans as per the requirements of respective regulators. The assessment of incremental specific provisions is made after taking
into consideration the existing specific provision held. The specific provisions on retail loans held by the Bank and its housing
finance subsidiary are higher than the minimum regulatory requirements. The Bank’s United Kingdom’s subsidiary maintains
provision for loan losses at a level that management considers adequate to absorb identified credit related losses as well as
losses that have occurred but are not yet identifiable. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary maintains provision for all financial
assets using expected credit loss model. The expected credit loss for impaired financial assets is computed based on individual
assessment of expected cash flows from such assets. The Bank makes provision on assets that are restructured/rescheduled in accordance
with the applicable Reserve Bank of India guidelines on restructuring of advances by banks.

F-
95

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the movement in the provision for loan losses on standard restructured
loans.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   628.1   3,011.6   7,581.4
Provision for loan losses made during the year   16.0   28.6   270.8
Reduction/write-back of excess provision 1   (365.2   )   (2,412.1   )   (4,840.6   )
Provision for loan losses at the end of the year   278.9   628.1   3,011.6

1.   Includes provisions on
restructured loans which were upgraded to standard assets/downgraded to non-performing assets during the period.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the movement in the provision for loan losses on non-performing loans.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   274,118.0   186,950.7   143,771.2
Provision for loan losses made during the year   206,845.5   205,183.6   170,530.5
Write-off/write-back of excess provision 1   (137,320.4   )   (118,016.3   )   (127,351.0   )
Provision for loan losses at the end of the year   343,643.1   274,118.0   186,950.7

1.   Includes provisions on loans which
                                         were upgraded during the period.

The
following table sets forth the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   251,833.6   22,284.4   ..   ..   274,118.0
Add: Provisions for loan losses   193,905.8   12,939.7   ..   ..   206,845.5
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (120,493.5   )   (1,640.9   )   ..   ..   (122,134.4   )
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (9,855.8   )   (5,330.2   )   ..   ..   (15,186.0   )
A. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing loans   315,390.1   28,253.0   ..   ..   343,643.1
B. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   5,888.3   3.8   ..   31,496.1   37,388.2
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year (A) + (B)   321,278.4   28,256.8   ..   31,496.1   381,031.3
Closing balance: individually evaluated for impairment   321,278.4   28,256.8   ..   ..   349,535.2
Closing balance: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   31,496.1   31,496.1
Closing balance: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

F-
96

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
following table sets forth the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2018.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   169,741.6   17,209.1   ..   ..   186,950.7
Add: Provisions for loan losses   194,201.3   10,982.3   ..   ..   205,183.6
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (85,629.9   )   (1,147.9   )   ..   ..   (86,777.8   )
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (26,479.4   )   (4,759.1   )   ..   ..   (31,238.5   )
A. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing loans   251,833.6   22,284.4   ..   ..   274,118.0
B. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   9,562.8   6.5   ..   28,572.3   38,141.6
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year (A) + (B)   261,396.4   22,290.9   ..   28,572.3   312,259.6
Closing balance: individually evaluated for impairment   261,396.4   22,290.9   ..   ..   283,687.3
Closing balance: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   28,572.3   28,572.3
Closing balance: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

While
the Group assesses the incremental specific provisions after taking into consideration the existing specific provision held, the
amounts recovered against debts written off in earlier years and provisions no longer considered necessary in the context of the
current status of the borrower are recognized in the profit and loss account. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary adopted IFRS
9 – Financial instruments from April 1, 2018 and measures impairment loss on all financial assets using expected credit
loss model based on a three-stage approach. At March 31, 2019, the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary classified its exposure of
Rs. 13,733.7 million as Stage-2 (financial assets, that are not credit impaired, but which have experienced significant increase
in credit risk since origination), with allowance of Rs. 447.8 million.

Aging Analysis of Past Due
Financing Receivable - Performing Loans

Any
amount due under a credit facility is considered as ‘past due’ if it remains unpaid for more than 30 days from the
due date fixed by the Bank or its subsidiaries.

The
following table sets forth the aging analysis of past due performing loans at March 31, 2019.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Current 1   31 to 60 days   61 to 90 days   Above 90 days 2   Total past due 3
Commercial loans
Term loans   1,436,976.5   7,416.5   3,514.2   26.5   10,957.2
Working capital facilities 4   1,329,529.8   4,187.2   2,564.0   460.9   7,212.1
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   2,067,429.4   7,027.8   5,863.4   ..   12,891.2
Other secured loans   955,527.6   13,185.9   6,078.4   20,802.0   40,066.3
Credit cards   120,129.7   1,630.0   852.2   ..   2,482.2
Other unsecured loans   341,955.0   1,378.5   739.2   1.2   2,118.9
Lease financing   1,417.8   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   6,252,965.8   34,825.9   19,611.4   21,290.6   75,727.9

1.   Loans up to 30 days past
due are considered current.

2.   Primarily includes crop
related agriculture loans overdue less than 360 days.

3.   The amount disclosed represents
the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and not the borrower-level outstanding.

4.   Includes bills purchased
and discounted, over drafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

F-
97

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
following table sets forth the aging analysis of past due performing loans at March 31, 2018.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Current 1   31 to 60 days   61 to 90 days   Above 90 days 2   Total past due 3
Commercial loans
Term loans   1,316,678.5   22,787.2   1,419.6   77.6   24,284.4
Working capital facilities 4   1,140,483.1   7,100.4   1,337.1   2,398.1   10,835.6
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   1,743,629.4   6,219.0   4,236.7   51.9   10,507.6
Other secured loans   776,916.5   11,080.0   5,043.0   13,828.9   29,951.9
Credit cards   91,921.7   1,058.8   457.1   0.1   1,516.0
Other unsecured loans   228,002.7   924.3   435.9   ..   1,360.2
Lease financing   1,136.8   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   5,298,768.7   49,169.7   12,929.4   16,356.6   78,455.7

1.   Loans up to 30 days past
due are considered current.

2.   Primarily includes crop
related agriculture loans overdue less than 360 days and other loans assessed not impaired as per guidelines applicable to overseas
banking subsidiaries.

3.   The amount disclosed represents
the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and not the borrower-level outstanding.

4.   Includes bills purchased
and discounted, over drafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

The
following table sets forth the recorded investment in non-performing loans at March 31, 2019.

Rupees
in million

Total recorded investment in non-performing loans (net of provision)   Total recorded investment in respect of which non-performing loans provision calculated (net of provision)   Total recorded investment in respect of which non-performing loans provision not calculated   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans
Term loans   91,961.5   91,961.5   ..   310,119.6
Working capital facilities   26,928.1   26,928.1   ..   124,160.1
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   10,880.2   10,880.2   ..   18,395.7
Other secured loans   10,188.3   10,188.3   ..   21,825.9
Credit cards   778.3   778.3   ..   4,661.4
Other unsecured loans   1,309.8   1,309.8   ..   6,526.6
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   142,046.2   142,046.2   ..   485,689.3

The following
table sets forth the recorded investment in non-performing loans at March 31, 2018.

Rupees
in million

Total recorded investment in non-performing loans (net of provision)   Total recorded investment in respect of which non-performing loans provision calculated (net of provision)   Total recorded investment in respect of which non-performing loans provision not calculated   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans
Term loans   203,213.1   203,213.1   ..   376,121.1
Working capital facilities   71,508.1   71,508.1   ..   150,433.7
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   10,417.4   10,417.4   ..   16,526.1
Other secured loans   6,141.2   6,141.2   ..   16,085.0
Credit cards   531.5   531.5   ..   3,136.0
Other unsecured loans   1,108.7   1,108.7   ..   4,736.1
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   292,920.0   292,920.0   ..   567,038.0

F-
98

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Credit
quality indicators of loans

The
Group has a comprehensive framework for monitoring credit quality of its corporate and retail loans based on internal ratings.
For the majority of the portfolio, the credit rating of every borrower/portfolio is reviewed at least annually. For the purpose
of disclosure, the Group has used internal ratings as credit quality indicator.

The
following table sets forth, a description of internal rating grades linked to the likelihood of default associated with each rating
grade:

Grade   Definition
(I)
    Investment grade   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer moderate to high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
AAA,
    AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
A+,
    A, A-, 3A-C   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer an adequate degree of protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
BBB+,
    BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer moderate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
(II)
    Below investment grade (BB and B, D, 5, 6, 7, 8)   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer inadequate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.

The following
table sets forth, for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of net loans.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31, 2019   Year ended March 31, 2018
Rating grades
Investment grade   6,168,280.0   5,116,900.0
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   2,909,992.5   2,401,591.4
A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   1,434,522.3   1,143,411.6
BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   1,823,765.2   1,571,897.0
Below investment grade 1   281,763.5   517,230.2
Unrated   19,573.3   34,412.0
Net loans   6,469,616.8   5,668,542.2

1.   Includes non-performing
and restructured loans.

8.   Financial assets
transferred during the year to securitization company (SC)/reconstruction company (RC)

The
Bank has transferred certain assets to securitization companies (SCs)/asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) in compliance with
the terms of the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India governing such transfer. The Bank transfers its non-performing
assets/special mention accounts-2 to asset reconstruction companies primarily in exchange for the receipt of securities in the
form of pass-through instruments issued by such ARCs, wherein payments to holders of securities are based on the actual realized
cash flows from the transferred assets
.
In accordance with RBI
guidelines, in case of non-performing/special mention account-2 loans sold to SC/RC, the Bank reverses the excess provision in
profit and loss account in the year in which amounts are received. Any shortfall of sale value over the net book value on sale
of such assets is recognized

F-
99

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

by the Bank
in the year in which the assets are sold. For the purpose of the valuation of underlying security receipts issued by underlying
trusts managed by ARCs, the security receipts are valued at their respective net asset values as advised by the ARCs.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the details of the assets transferred.

Rupees
in million, except number of accounts

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Number of accounts 1,2   15   15   35
Aggregate value (net of provisions) of accounts sold to SC/RC   2,764.1   5,398.6   37,095.2
Aggregate consideration 3   3,851.5   5,719.4   32,268.1
Additional consideration realized in respect of accounts transferred in earlier years   ..   ..   ..
Aggregate gain/(loss) over net book value 3,4,5   1,087.4   320.8   (4,827.1   )

1.   Excludes
                                         accounts previously written-off.

2.   Represents
                                         corporate loans.

3.   During
                                         the year ended March 31, 2019, excludes security receipts received amounting to Nil (March
                                         31, 2018: Rs. 153.6 million, March 31, 2017: Rs. 359.2 million) towards interest overdue
                                         not recognized as income.

4.   During
                                         the year ended March 31, 2019, the Bank recognized loss of Rs. 1,024.0 million (March
                                         31, 2018: Nil, March 31, 2017: Rs. 7,043.5 million) on sale of non-performing assets
                                         to ARCs.

5.   During
                                         the year ended March 31, 2019, the Bank recognized gain of Rs. 2,111.4 million (March
                                         31, 2018: Rs. 320.8 million, March 31, 2017: Rs. 2,216.4 million) on sale of non-performing
                                         assets to ARCs, out of which Nil (March 31, 2018: Rs. 200.2 million, March 31, 2017:
                                         Rs. 1,883.8 million) has been set aside towards the security receipts received on such
                                         sale.

9.   Details of non-performing
assets sold, excluding those sold to SC/RC

The
Bank has sold certain non-performing assets to banks/financial institutions in compliance with the terms of the guidelines issued
by Reserve Bank of India on such sale.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the details of non-performing assets sold to banking or financial companies,
excluding those sold to SC/RC.

Rupees
in million, except number of accounts

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
No. of accounts 1   ..   1   2
Aggregate value (net of provisions) of accounts sold, excluding those sold to SC/RC   ..   3,444.5   1,526.5
Aggregate consideration   ..   3,988.7   2,207.4
Aggregate gain/(loss) over net book value   ..   544.2   680.9

1.   Represents
corporate loans.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the details of non-performing assets sold to entities other than banking
or financial companies, excluding those sold to SC/RC.

Rupees
in million, except number of accounts

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
No. of accounts 1   2   ..   1
Aggregate value (net of provisions) of accounts sold, excluding those sold to SC/RC   ..   ..   ..
Aggregate consideration   28,653.3   ..   39.3
Aggregate gain/(loss) over net book value   28,653.3   ..   39.3

1.   Represents
corporate loans.

F-
100

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

10.   Concentration of
credit risk

Concentration
of credit risk exists when changes in economic, industry or geographic factors affect groups of counter-parties whose aggregate
credit exposure is material in relation to the Group’s total credit exposure. The Group’s portfolio of financial instruments
is broadly diversified along industry, product and geographic lines primarily within India.

The
Group is subject to supervision guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Group’s 20 largest exposures (non-bank)
based on gross exposure (credit, derivative and investments), totaled Rs. 1,231,961.2 million at March 31, 2019 which represented
97.8% of the capital funds (March 31, 2018: Rs. 1,282,689.9 million representing 108.8% of the capital funds). The single largest
exposure (non-bank) at March 31, 2019 was Rs. 120,844.2 million which represented 9.6% of the capital funds (March 31, 2018: Rs.
137,686.3 million representing 11.7% of the capital funds).

The
largest group of companies under the same management control accounted for 23.2% of the capital funds at March 31, 2019 (March
31, 2018: 22.9% of the capital funds).

11.   Loan commitments

The
Group has outstanding undrawn commitments to provide loans and financing to customers. These loan commitments aggregated to Rs.
1,560,566.2 million (including fund-based commitments fungible with non fund-based facilities) at March 31, 2019 (March 31, 2018:
Rs. 1,377,917.6 million). The interest rate on a significant portion of these commitments is dependent on the lending rates prevailing
on the date of the loan disbursement. Further, the commitments have fixed expiration dates and are generally contingent upon the
borrower’s ability to maintain specific credit standards.

12.   Capital commitments

The
Group is obligated under a number of capital contracts. Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature, which have been
committed. The amounts of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account aggregated to Rs.7,507.9 million at March 31,
2019 (March 31, 2018: Rs. 5,561.2 million).

13.   Derivatives

ICICI
Bank is a major participant in the financial derivatives market in India. The Bank deals in derivatives for balance sheet management,
proprietary trading and market making purposes whereby the Bank offers derivative products to its customers, enabling them to
hedge their risks.

Dealing
in derivatives is carried out by identified groups in the treasury of the Bank based on the purpose of the transaction. Derivative
transactions are entered into by the treasury front office. Treasury Control and Service Group conducts an independent check of
the transactions entered into by the front office and also undertakes activities such as confirmation, settlement, accounting,
risk monitoring and reporting and ensures compliance with various internal and regulatory guidelines.

The
market making and the proprietary trading activities in derivatives are governed by the investment policy and the derivative policy
of the Bank, which lay down the position limits, stop loss limits as well as other risk limits. The Risk Management Group lays
down the methodology for computation and monitoring of risk. The Risk Committee of the Board reviews the Bank’s risk management
policies in relation to various risks including credit and recovery policy, investment policy, derivative policy, asset liability
management policy and operational risk management policy. The Risk Committee of the Board comprises non-executive directors and
the Managing Director and CEO.

F-
101

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
Bank measures and monitors risk of its derivatives portfolio using such risk metrics as value at risk, stop loss limits and relevant
risk measures for options. Risk reporting on derivatives forms an integral part of the management information system.

The
use of derivatives for hedging purposes under Indian GAAP is governed by the hedge policy approved by asset liability management
committee. Subject to prevailing Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the Bank deals in derivatives for hedging fixed rate, floating
rate or foreign currency assets/liabilities. Transactions for hedging and market making purposes are recorded separately. For
hedge transactions, the Bank identifies the hedged item (asset or liability) at the inception of the hedge itself. The effectiveness
is assessed at the time of inception of the hedge and periodically thereafter.

Hedge
derivative transactions are accounted for pursuant to the principles of hedge accounting based on guidelines issued by Reserve
Bank of India. Derivatives for market making purpose are marked to market and the resulting gain/loss is recorded in the profit
and loss account. The premium on option contracts is accounted for as per Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India guidelines.

Credit
exposure on interest rate and currency derivative transactions (both trading and hedging), is computed using the current
exposure method according to Reserve Bank of India guidelines, which is arrived at by adding up the positive mark-to-market
values and the potential future exposure of these contracts. According to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the potential
future exposure is determined by multiplying the notional principal amount of each of these contracts (irrespective of
whether the mark-to-market value of these contracts is zero, positive or negative value) by the relevant add-on factor,
ranging from 0.5% to 15%, according to the type of contract and residual maturity of the instrument. The credit exposure for
equity futures and options is computed based on the market value and open quantity of the contracts at the balance sheet
date.

Over
the counter derivative transactions are covered under International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreements with the
respective counter parties.

The
following table sets forth the details of the notional amounts, fair value, realized/unrealized gain and loss on derivatives and
credit exposure of trading derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Gain/(loss) on derivatives 1   Credit exposure
Interest rate derivatives 2   17,943,077.5   31,627.5   (30,343.2   )   1,499.9   203,370.0
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 3   5,905,469.3   43,515.1   (44,476.4   )   9,850.8   219,078.2
Equity derivatives   1,438.6   4.9   (1.8   )   79.2   1,184.1
Un-funded credit derivatives   ..   ..   ..   5.7   ..

1.   The
Bank has additionally recorded a loss of Rs. 49.4 million due to credit losses.

2.   Includes
foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

3.   Includes
foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

F-
102

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
following table sets forth the details of the notional amounts, fair value, realized/unrealized gain and loss on derivatives and
credit exposure of trading derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2018.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Gain/(loss) on derivatives 1   Credit exposure
Interest rate derivatives 2   11,470,578.6   17,611.9   (17,201.0   )   (751.7   )   123,515.9
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 3   5,411,702.5   42,680.5   (35,970.3   )   14,936.8   205,922.7
Equity derivatives   1,085.1   2.6   (0.3   )   110.7   819.4
Un-funded credit derivatives   ..   ..   ..   11.7   ..

1.   The
Bank has additionally recorded a loss of Rs. 570.4 million due to credit losses.

2.   Includes
foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

3.   Includes
foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

The
following table sets forth the details of the notional amounts, marked to market position and credit exposure of hedging derivatives
for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Credit exposure
Interest rate derivatives 1   434,375.4   2,675.8   (3,612.8   )   8,497.4
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   15,395.5   130.7   (482.7   )   1,536.2

1.   Includes
foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes
foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

The
following table sets forth the details of the notional amounts, marked to market position and credit exposure of hedging derivatives
for the year ended March 31, 2018.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Credit exposure
Interest rate derivatives 1   404,510.3   2,146.1   (7,270.8   )   8,210.8
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   524.1   8.3   ..   18.8

1.   Includes
foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes
foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

The
gains/(losses) on hedged items arising from changes in fair value for the year ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 amounted
to Rs. (4,118.7) million and Rs. 6,165.0 million respectively and gains/(losses) on corresponding hedging instruments arising
from changes in fair value during the year ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 amounted to Rs. 4,669.6 million and Rs. (6,430.3)
million respectively.

Additionally,
the Group has also hedged the foreign currency exposure of its net investment in foreign operations through currency forward contracts
of a notional amount of Rs. 129,816.9 million at March 31, 2019 (March 31, 2018: Rs. 45,383.9 million). The gross positive and
negative fair values of these hedging instruments were Rs. 2,941.6 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 414.1 million) and Rs. (18.7)
million (March 31, 2018: Rs. (120.2) million) and the credit exposure was Rs. 5,308.5 million at March 31, 2019 (March 31, 2018:
Rs. 1,607.3 million).

The
Bank offers deposit products to customers of its offshore branches with structured returns linked to interest, currency, credit
or equity benchmarks. The Bank covers these exposures in the inter-bank market. At March 31, 2019, the net open position on this
portfolio was Nil (March 31, 2018: Nil) with mark-to-market gain of Nil (March 31, 2018: Nil) at that date.

F-
103

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The fair
value amount of such structured returns linked derivatives that were in net liability position at March 31, 2019 was Rs. 31.4
million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 82.4 million). With reference to such instruments, the Bank does not place any collateral with the
counterparties. The aggregate amount needed to settle such instruments immediately if the credit risk related contingent features
were triggered at March 31, 2019 would be Nil (March 31, 2018: Nil).

14.   Tax
                                         contingencies

Various
tax-related legal proceedings are pending against the Group at various levels of appeal either with the tax authorities or in
the courts. Where, after considering all available information, a liability requires accrual in the opinion of management, the
Group accrues such liability.

Where
such proceedings are sufficiently advanced to enable management to assess that a liability exists and are subject to reasonable
estimation, management records its best estimate of such liability. Where a reasonable range of potential outcomes is estimated,
management records its best estimate, or in the absence of a basis for selecting a specific estimate within a range, management
records a liability no less than the lower end of the estimated range. The contested tax demands are adjusted by the tax authorities
against refunds due to the Group on favorable resolution of other years’ appeals/completion of assessments or paid or kept
in abeyance in accordance with the terms of the stay order. The payment/adjustment/stay does not prejudice the outcome of the
appeals filed by the Group. The tax payments are recorded as tax paid in advance under other assets.

At
March 31, 2019, the Group has assessed its contingent tax liability at an aggregate of Rs. 63,032.2 million (March 31, 2018: Rs.
70,682.5 million), mainly pertaining to income tax, service tax and sales tax/ value added tax demands by the Indian tax authorities
for past years. The Group has appealed each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with counsel and favorable decisions in
the Group’s own or other similar cases as set out below, the Group’s management believes that the tax authorities
are not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments and accordingly has not provided for these tax demands at March
31, 2019. Disputed tax issues that are classified as remote are not disclosed as contingent liabilities by the Group.

In
the Group’s sales tax/value added tax demand aggregating to Rs. 3,851.6 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 3,113.3
million) by the tax authorities, the Group has appealed against the tax demands and expects a favorable outcome based on
opinions from the counsels and decisions in own/other cases. The disputed issues mainly pertain to value added tax on
disposal of repossessed assets, tax on inter-state/import leases by various state government authorities in respect of lease
transactions entered into by the Bank and bullion transactions related matters pertaining to procedural issues like
submission of statutory forms.

In
the Group’s service tax demand aggregating to Rs. 13,377.0 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 10,014.3 million) by the tax authorities,
the disputed issues mainly pertains to the demands along with interest and penalty levied by the service tax authorities. Of the
total demand, Rs. 5,922.8 million pertains to the Bank, mainly relating to interest charged on liquidity facilities provided to
the trusts on securitized loan portfolio, inter-change fee received by the Bank as an issuing bank on card transactions, amount
received as subvention income from dealer/manufacturer for interest forgone by the Bank, amount paid as foreign bank charges in
case of import and export transactions, disallowance of input credit availed for service tax on deposit insurance premium alongwith
penalty thereon, ATM interchange fee paid by the Bank and collection agency fee paid to assignor arising out of securitization
transactions. An amount of Rs. 1,537.0 million pertains to life insurance subsidiary for levy of service tax on receipt of surrender/foreclosure
charges under unit linked insurance plans or life insurance plans, Rs. 4,078.6 million pertains to general insurance subsidiary
for disallowance of service tax input credit on payments made to automobile dealers, Rs. 1,091.6 million pertains to venture capital
fund mainly in respect of retention of contribution received

F-
104

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

by the fund,
treated as fee received in lieu of management services rendered by them and Rs. 255.9 million pertains to Venture Funds Management
Company for levy of service tax on the income received from investment in venture capital units, by treating the same as performance
fee received. The balance amount of Rs. 491.1 million pertains to other Group entities. The Group believes that the tax authorities
would not be able to substantiate the above tax demands.

The
Group's assessments of income tax and interest tax aggregating to Rs. 45,803.6 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 57,554.8 million)
includes appeals filed by the Group or the tax authorities, where the Group is relying on favorable precedent decisions of the
appellate authorities and counsel opinions. The key disputed liabilities are detailed below:

Disallowance
of expenses to earn tax free income: Rs. 20,954.9 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 21,893.4 million)
mainly relates to whether
interest expenses can be attributed to earning tax-exempt income. The Group believes that no interest can be allocated thereto
as there are no borrowings earmarked for investments in shares/tax free bonds and the interest free funds are sufficient to cover
investments in the underlying tax free securities. The Group relies on the favorable opinion from the counsel and past decision
by the appellate authorities in Group’s own cases and other similar cases.

Marked-to-market
losses on derivatives: Rs. 5,317.8 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 17,717.7 million)
relates to the disallowance of marked-to-market
losses on derivative transactions treated by the tax authorities as notional losses. The Group relies on the favorable opinion
from the counsel and past decision by the appellate authorities in Group’s own cases and other similar cases, which had
allowed the deduction of marked-to-market losses from business income.

Depreciation
on leased assets: Rs. 3,447.9 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 3,895.9 million
) relates to the disallowance of depreciation claimed
on leased assets by the tax authorities, by treating the lease transactions as loan transactions. The Group relies on favorable
opinion from the counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities in Group’s own case and other similar cases.

Taxability
under section 41(4A) of amounts withdrawn from Special Reserve created up to Assessment Year 1997-98: Rs. 1,030.6 million (March
31, 2018: Rs. 1,523.4 million)
 relates to two special reserve accounts maintained by the Group, which include special reserve
created up to assessment year 1997-98. Withdrawals from the account were assessed as taxable by the tax authorities for assessment
years 1998-99 to 2000-01. The Group has received favorable orders in respect of these assessment years, however these are subject
to further appeal by the income tax department.

Broken
period interest: Rs. 1,913.5 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 2,304.1 million)
 relates to the disallowance of broken period interest
paid on purchase of government securities considering it as capital in nature, since the government securities have been classified
under held to maturity category by the Bank. The Group relies on favorable decisions by the appellate authorities in the Group’s
own case and other similar cases.

Interest
on perpetual bonds: Rs. 2,426.5 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 2,013.4 million)
 relates to the disallowance of interest paid
on perpetual bonds as it does not qualify as a borrowing and interest paid on these bonds is not admissible as a deduction. The
Group has relied on the favourable opinion from the counsel and the past decision by the appellate authorities in the Group’s
own case.

Disallowance
of write off in respect of credit cards: Rs. 5,552.6 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 2,804.3 million)
 relates to the disallowance
of written-off amount for credit cards for claiming bad debt write-offs. It was disallowed on the ground that the credit card
business is not a banking business or pertaining to money lending and hence did not fulfill conditions for claim of bad debt write
off. The Group has relied on the favourable opinion from the counsel and past decision by the appellate authorities in Group’s
own case.

F-
105

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Based
on judicial precedents in the Group’s and other cases and upon consultation with the tax counsels, the management believes
that it is more likely than not that the Group’s tax positions will be sustained. Accordingly, no provision has been made
in the accounts.

The
above mentioned contingent liability does not include Rs. 42,184.2 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 33,681.1 million) considered as
remote. Of the total disputed tax demands classified as remote, Rs. 28,390.8 million mainly pertains to the deduction of bad debts
and levy of penalties, which were covered by favorable Apex Court decisions in other cases and Rs. 12,930.4 million pertains to
errors requiring rectification by tax authorities. Therefore, these are not required to be disclosed as contingent liability.
The consequence of inquiries initiated by the tax authorities have not been quantified, as the Group believes that such proceedings
are likely to be dropped by the tax authorities or would not be upheld by judicial authorities.

15.   Litigation

A
number of litigations and claims against the Group and its directors are pending in various forums. The claims on the Group mainly
arise in connection with civil cases involving allegations of service deficiencies, property or labor disputes, fraudulent transactions,
economic offences and other cases filed in the normal course of business. The Group is also subject to counter-claims arising
in connection with its enforcement of contracts and loans. A provision is created where an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable
and in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. In view of inherent unpredictability of litigation and cases where claims
sought are substantial in value, actual cost of resolving litigations may be substantially different than the provision held.
For cases where unfavorable outcome is deemed to be reasonably possible, it is not possible to make an estimate of the possible
loss or range of possible losses due to the nature of the cases as explained above. The total amount of claims against the Group
where an unfavorable outcome is deemed ‘probable’ was Rs. 6,084.9 million against which provision of Rs. 3,086.3 million
has been recognized. The total amount of claims where unfavorable outcome is deemed ‘possible’ was Rs. 1,777.6 million
at March 31, 2019, which has been included under contingent liability of the Group. Based upon a review of open matters with its
legal counsels including loss contingency on account of such litigation and claims, and classification of such contingency as
'probable', 'possible' or 'remote' and with due provisioning for the relevant litigation and claims, the management believes that
the outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's consolidated financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.

The
Bank, in its previous Annual Report for 2018, had reported on the various steps and measures taken pursuant to its becoming aware
in March 2018 of an anonymous whistleblower complaint alleging incorrect asset classifications stemming from claimed irregular
transactions in borrower accounts, incorrect accounting of interest income and NPA recoveries as fees, and overvaluation of collateral
securing corporate loans. Based on the results of an internal inquiry and review undertaken for additional loan accounts, the
Bank had concluded that the likely impact of these allegations was not material to the financial statements for the year ended
March 31, 2018 or earlier periods included in that annual report. Since then, the Bank has received some additional information
relating to these matters, the likely impact of which has been assessed to be not material to the financial statements for the
year ended March 31, 2019 or earlier periods presented here. As previously reported, the Bank, at the direction of the Audit Committee
and with the assistance of external counsel, is continuing to investigate all of the allegations, including the additional information.

In
addition, as a large and internationally active bank, with operations and listing of its equity and debt instruments in multiple
jurisdictions, the Bank is regularly engaged with regulators, including the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’),
on a range of matters, including regarding the above allegations. Even before these allegations, the Bank has been responding
to requests for information from the SEC investigatory staff regarding an enquiry relating to the timing and amount of the Bank’s
loan impairment provisions taken under U.S. GAAP. The Bank evaluates loans for impairment under U.S. GAAP for the purpose of preparing
the annual footnote reconciling the Bank’s Indian GAAP financial

F-
106

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

statements
to U.S. GAAP. The Bank has voluntarily complied with all requests of the SEC investigatory staff for information and continues
to cooperate with the SEC on the matter.

F-
107

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

16.   Segmental Information

	The
following table sets forth, the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2019 prepared on the basis described in
Schedule 18 note 11A.

Rupees
in million

Sr.
    no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale
    banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter-
    segment adjustments   Total
1   Revenue   591,723.3   341,685.0   541,021.8   37,425.1   366,987.7   111,526.8   60,995.7   (738,300.4   )   1,313,065.0
External revenue   324,266.3   250,778.6   167,455.6   35,395.3   364,569.7   109,229.6   61,369.9   ..   1,313,065.0
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal revenue   267,457.0   90,906.4   373,566.2   2,029.8   2,418.0   2,297.2   (374.2   )   (738,300.4   )   ..
2   Segment results   82,231.2   (102,423.4   )   53,401.0   5,916.3   11,624.0   15,984.2   20,142.7   (12,793.4   )   74,082.6
3   Unallocated expenses   ..
4   Operating profit (2) – (3) 1   74,082.6
5   Income tax expenses (net)/ (net deferred tax credit)   17,191.0
6   Net profit 2 (4)
        – (5)   56,891.6
Other information
7   Segment assets   3,071,558.3   2,884,954.5   3,331,049.7   765,251.5   1,626,999.2   329,504.5   314,909.5   (147,533.9   )   12,176,693.3
8   Unallocated assets 3   211,245.6
9   Total assets (7) +
(8)   12,387,938.9
10   Segment liabilities   4,889,760.0   1,874,784.2   2,801,718.4 4   687,857.4 4   1,629,321.7 4   334,018.4 4   318,012.7 4   (147,533.9   ) 4   12,387,938.9
11   Unallocated liabilities   ..
12   Total liabilities (10)
+ (11)   12,387,938.9
13   Capital expenditure   5,436.5   1,966.4   ..   251.3   1,245.1   1,159.3   970.3   ..   11,028.9
14   Depreciation   5,559.0   2,111.0   0.4   193.8   567.2   608.3   435.1   (16.4   )   9,458.4

1.

Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.

Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.

Includes tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net) and deferred tax assets (net).

4.

Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
108

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following
table sets forth, the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2018 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18
note 11A.

Rupees
in million

Sr.
    No.   Particulars   Retail
                                                                                        Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other
    banking business   Life insurance   General
    insurance   Others   Inter
    segment adjustment   Total
1   Revenue   502,625.4   300,940.3   515,895.5   31,134.7   325,235.3   95,244.7   59,249.7   (640,634.6   )   1,189,691.0
External revenue   272,416.5   217,808.7   194,121.9   29,920.8   324,927.5   93,116.3   57,379.3   ..   1,189,691.0
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal revenue   230,208.9   83,131.6   321,773.6   1,213.9   307.8   2,128.4   1,870.4   (640,634.6   )   ..
2   Segment results   71,414.2   (82,813.0   )   77,451.4   5,705.4   17,191.3   11,962.3   21,040.8   (12,167.8   )   109,784.6
3   Unallocated expenses   ..
4   Operating profit (2) – (3) 1   109,784.6
5   Income tax expenses (net)/ (net deferred tax credit)   18,789.2
6   Net profit 2 (4) - (5)   90,995.4
Other information
7   Segment assets   2,586,385.4   2,657,712.2   3,304,242.1   680,805.1   1,415,129.1   294,632.6   313,824.1   (154,758.3   )   11,097,972.3
8   Unallocated assets 3   144,838.1
9   Total assets (7) + (8)   11,242,810.4
10   Segment liabilities   4,135,023.7   1,672,682.4   2,947,045.6 4   611,878.3 4   1,417,238.7 4   297,406.3 4   316,293.7 4   (154,758.3   ) 4   11,242,810.4
11   Unallocated liabilities   ..
12   Total liabilities (10) + (11)   11,242,810.4
13   Capital expenditure   7,393.7   1,302.8   24.3   89.6   2,430.6   478.1   461.3   ..   12,180.4
14   Depreciation & amortization   6,665.6   1,081.8   17.7   123.5   436.8   546.5   366.0   (16.5   )   9,221.4

1.

Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.

Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.

Includes tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net) and deferred tax assets (net).

4.

Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
109

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
following table sets forth, the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2017.

Rupees
in million

Sr.
    No.   Particulars   Retail
                                                                                        Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other
    banking business   Life insurance   General
    insurance   Others   Inter
    segment adjustment   Total
1   Revenue   453,911.8   306,405.7   542,908.7   38,400.8   270,526.5   84,339.3   55,312.1   (617,828.6   )   1,133,976.3
External revenue   234,958.4   232,830.6   225,278.9   35,130.9   269,968.5   82,781.8   53,027.2   ..   1,133,976.3
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal revenue   218,953.4   73,575.1   317,629.8   3,269.9   558.0   1,557.5   2,284.9   (617,828.6   )   ..
2   Segment results   53,853.0   (74,341.1   )   120,814.5   3,021.7   17,848.6   9,101.0   21,764.3   (13,968.5   )   138,093.5
3   Unallocated expenses   ..
4   Operating profit (2) – (3) 1   138,093.5
5   Income tax expenses (net)/ (net deferred tax credit)   24,690.2
6   Net profit 2 (4) - (5)	……   113,403.3
Other information
7   Segment assets   2,136,950.4   2,612,652.8   2,748,508.8   643,246.1   1,244,377.1   230,609.9   254,195.7   (132,377.1   )   9,738,163.7
8   Unallocated assets 3   119,082.8
9   Total assets (7) + (8)   9,857,246.5
10   Segment liabilities   3,678,085.9   1,495,191.4   2,511,263.2 4   568,308.2 4   1,247,425.2 4   233,508.8 4   255,840.9 4   (132,377.1   ) 4   9,857,246.5
11   Unallocated liabilities   ..
12   Total liabilities (10) + (11)   9,857,246.5
13   Capital expenditure   6,547.3   616.2   19.4   77.5   4,324.1   629.5   333.3   ..   12,547.3
14   Depreciation & amortization   6,396.2   1,108.6   15.6   145.0   578.3   547.6   341.5   (16.4   )   9,116.4

1.

Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.

Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.

Includes tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net) and deferred tax assets (net).

4.

Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

The
Bank has pursued a conscious strategy of increasing the share of retail deposits and re-balancing the funding mix. Accordingly,
retail deposits have been considerably higher than retail advances, resulting in higher segment liabilities as compared to segment
assets in retail business segment for above periods. Further, the Bank has also been focusing on retail lending, resulting in
growth in advances in retail banking segment during above periods.

F-
110

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

17.   Revenue from contracts
with customers

The
Group recognizes the revenue from contracts with customers primarily in the line item ‘commission, exchange and brokerage’
of ‘Schedule 14 - Other income’. The primary components of commission, exchange and brokerage are transaction banking
fee, lending linked fee, fund management fee, commercial banking fee, securities brokerage income and third party products distribution
fee.

The
transaction banking fee primarily includes card related fee such as interchange fee, joining fee and annual fee, income on ATM
transactions and deposit accounts related transaction charges and charges for normal transaction banking services. The lending
linked fee primarily includes loan processing fee and fee on foreclosure/prepayment of loans. The fund management fee includes
the income earned by the Bank’s asset management subsidiary on mutual fund schemes and by the private equity fund management
subsidiary on private equity funds. The commercial banking fee primarily includes commission on bank guarantees, letters of credit
and bills discounting and cash management services. The brokerage income earned by the Bank’s securities broking subsidiary
on securities transactions by its customers is included in the securities brokerage income. The third party products distribution
fee primarily includes income earned on distribution of products such as mutual funds, insurance products and bonds.

The
revenue is recognized at the time when the performance obligation under the terms of contractual arrangement is completed. The
Group generally recognizes the revenue either immediately upon completion of services or over time as the Group performs the services.
In cases where the consideration is received in advance from customers by the Group, a liability is recorded and the same is subsequently
recognized as revenue over the contract period or on completion of the performance obligation under the contract. The Group does
not have any significant contract assets and contract liabilities at March 31, 2019 and April 1, 2018.

The
segment-wise breakup of the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2019 is given below.

Rupees
in million

Sr.
    No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other
    banking business   Life
    insurance   General
    insurance   Others   Inter
    segment adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking fee   42,625.3   1,339.9   ..   515.7   ..   ..   ..   (415.0   )   44,065.9
2   Lending linked fee   11,407.0   11,550.6   ..   391.9   ..   ..   455.7   (286.2   )   23,519.0
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   19,883.4   (3.8   )   19,879.6
4   Commercial banking fee   470.6   16,841.5   ..   343.6   ..   ..   ..   (119.7   )   17,536.0
5   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   9,383.6   (237.4   )   9,146.2
6   Third party products distribution fee   14,965.3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   4,568.3   (11,450.8   )   8,082.8
7   Others   913.2   826.4   1,292.6   29.0   3.1   ..   1,647.9   (885.0   )   3,827.2
Total   70,381.4   30,558.4   1,292.6   1,280.2   3.1   ..   35,938.9   (13,397.9   )   126,056.7

F-
111

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

18.   Employee Stock Option
Scheme

The
following table sets forth a summary of the Bank’s stock options outstanding at March 31, 2019.

Number of options   Weighted-average exercise price (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   235,672,250   224.19   8.47   12,832.3
Add: Granted during the year 1   35,419,900   283.91
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   20,415,499   229.88
Less: Exercised during the year   18,248,877   191.04
Outstanding at the end of the year   232,427,774   235.40   7.52   38,374.9
Options exercisable   152,151,329   222.84   6.91   27,031.8

1.   Includes stock options
granted to whole time directors which are pending regulatory approvals.

The
following table sets forth a summary of the Bank’s stock options outstanding at March 31, 2018.

Number of options   Weighted-average exercise price (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   226,715,682   217.12   8.81   8,789.9
Add: Granted during the year   35,137,770   251.05
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   5,114,174   248.30
Less: Exercised during the year   21,067,028   187.00
Outstanding at the end of the year   235,672,250   224.19   8.47   12,832.3
Options exercisable   136,428,736   208.44   6.81   9,574.1

Total
fair value of options vested was Rs. 4,085.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2019, Rs. 3,266.3 million for the year ended
March 31, 2018 and Rs. 3,074.7 million for the year ended March 31, 2017.

Total
aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised was Rs. 2,691.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2019, Rs. 2,379.5 million
for the year ended March 31, 2018 and Rs. 770.9 million for the year ended March 31, 2017.

The
total compensation cost related to non-vested awards not yet recognized at March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 was Rs. 2,119.1 million
and Rs. 2,132.2 million respectively and the weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized was 1.89 years
and 1.70 years respectively.

The
following table sets forth a summary of stock options exercisable at March 31, 2019.

F-
112

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Range of exercise price (Rupees per share)   Number of options   Weighted- average exercise price (Rs. )   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
60-99   1,602,975   79.15   3.84   515.1
100-199   33,771,457   166.66   4.23   7,897.1
200-299   116,776,897   241.05   7.73   18,619.6

The
following table sets forth a summary of stock options exercisable at March 31, 2018.

Range of exercise price (Rupees
per share)   Number of options   Weighted- average exercise price (Rs. )   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
60-99   1,849,150   79.12   4.91   368.4
100-199   47,665,539   165.43   4.85   5,382.5
200-299   86,914,047   234.78   7.92   3,823.2

The
following table sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock options outstanding at March 31, 2019.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2018   99,243,514   86.06
Add: Granted during the year   35,419,900   107.22
Less: Vested during the year   46,916,376   87.07
Less: Forfeited during the year   7,470,593   92.18
Unvested at March 31, 2019   80,276,445   94.24

The
following table sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock options outstanding at March 31, 2018.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2017   106,203,570   86.30
Add: Granted during the year   35,137,770   86.43
Less: Vested during the year   37,507,932   87.08
Less: Forfeited during the year   4,589,894   86.16
Unvested at March 31, 2018   99,243,514   86.06

The
following table sets forth for the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options.

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Risk-free interest rate   7.32% to 8.31%   7.06% to 7.59%   7.43% to 7.77%
Expected term   3.64 years to 6.64 years   3.90 years to 6.90 years   3.89 years to 5.89 years
Expected volatility   30.79% to 32.22%   31.71% to 32.92%   32.03% to 33.31%
Expected dividend yield   0.43% to 0.80%   0.73% to 1.81%   2.04% to 2.15%

Risk
free interest rates over the expected term of the option are based on the government securities yield in effect at the time of
the grant.

F-
113

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
expected term of an option is estimated based on the vesting term as well as expected exercise behavior of the employees who receive
the option. Expected exercise behavior is estimated based on the historical stock option exercise pattern of the Bank.

Expected
volatility during the estimated expected term of the option is based on historical volatility determined based on observed market
prices of the Bank's publicly traded equity shares.

Expected
dividends during the estimated expected term of the option are based on recent dividend activity.

19.   Selected information
from Indian GAAP financials

The
following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the income statement and balance sheet, by following the guidance of Regulation
S-X.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Interest income   719,816.5   621,623.5   609,399.8
Interest expense   391,775.4   342,620.5   348,358.3
Net interest  income   328,041.1   279,003.0   261,041.5
Provision for loan losses & others   201,026.9   160,240.3   156,460.6
Provision for depreciation of investments   3,591.3   19,489.3   9,364.2
Net interest income after provision for loan losses and investments   123,422.9   99,273.4   95,216.7
Non-interest income   593,248.5   568,067.5   524,576.5
Non-interest expense   642,588.8   557,556.3   481,699.7
Income before income tax expense, minority interest   74,082.6   109,784.6   138,093.5
Income tax expense   17,191.0   18,789.2   24,690.2
Income before minority interest   56,891.6   90,995.4   113,403.3
Less: Minority interest   14,349.2   13,873.5   11,519.5
Net income   42,542.4   77,121.9   101,883.8

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Earnings per equity share: (Rs.)
Basic   6.61   12.02   15.91
Diluted   6.53   11.89   15.84
Weighted average number of equity shares used in computing earnings per equity share (millions)
Basic   6,436   6,417   6,402
Diluted   6,509   6,482   6,428

F-
114

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
2019   2018
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents   873,909.0   889,991.3
Investments 1,2   3,982,007.6   3,722,076.8
Loans, net 1,2   6,469,616.8   5,668,542.2
Property, plant and equipment 1,2,3   96,582.0   94,612.7
Goodwill   1,097.0   1,117.5
Deferred tax asset (net)   109,372.9   78,183.0
Interest accrued, outstanding fees and other income   103,512.4   95,185.3
Assets held for sale   10,062.4   19,786.0
Other assets   741,778.9   673,315.6
Total assets   12,387,939.0   11,242,810.4
Liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits   5,845,720.0   4,945,458.3
Non-interest bearing deposits   967,449.4   912,502.8
Short-term borrowings and trading liabilities   533,262.7   684,651.0
Long-term debt   1,569,978.5   1,605,867.3
Redeemable preferred stock   ..   3,500.0
Other liabilities   2,263,188.9   1,924,452.1
Total liabilities   11,179,599.5   10,076,431.5
Minority interest   65,805.4   60,081.9
Stockholders’ equity   1,142,534.1   1,106,297.0
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   12,387,939.0   11,242,810.4

1.   Includes investments and
loans amounting to Rs. 143,496.4 million (March 31, 2018: investments amounting to Rs. 293,201.7 million) and property, plant
and equipment amounting to Nil (March 31, 2018: Rs. 179.9 million) pledged as security towards short-term borrowings amounting
to Rs. 141,352.2 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 282,759.1 million).

2.   Includes investments and
loans amounting to Rs. 162,804.4 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 165,051.2 million) and property, plant and equipment amounting to
Nil (March 31, 2018: Rs. 465.9 million) pledged as security towards long-term borrowings amounting to Rs. 161,177.8 million (March
31, 2018: Rs. 162,704.2 million).

3.   Includes property, plant
and equipment amounting to Rs. 53.9 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 23.8 million), pledged in addition to negative lien on book debts
as security, towards long-term borrowings amounting to Rs. 4,000.0 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 8,800.0 million).

The
following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the statement of stockholders’ equity.

Rupees
in million

Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue and other reserves 1   Other special reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2018   12,858.1   55.7   326,802.5   264,837.0   501,743.7
Proceeds from issue of share capital   36.5   ..   3,451.5   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   ..   79.2 3   6,696.9   4   31,599.4
Deductions during the year   ..   (8.9   )   ..   (3,262.7   ) 5   (2,354.8   ) 6
Balance at March 31, 2019   12,894.6   46.8   330,333.2   268,271.2   530,988.3

1.   Includes revenue and other
reserves and balance in profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve,
special reserve, unrealized investment reserve, capital reserve fund, foreign currency translation reserve, revaluation reserve,
investment fluctuation reserve, capital redemption reserve and reserve fund.

3.   Represents the ESOP cost
recognized by the overseas banking subsidiaries under fair value method.

4.   During the year ended March
31, 2018, the Bank made provision amounting to Rs. 5,254.0 million for frauds on non-retail accounts through reserves and surplus,
as permitted by Reserve Bank of India. During the year ended March 31, 2019, the entire provision has been recognized in profit
and loss account and equivalent debit has been reversed in reserves and surplus as required by Reserve Bank of India.

5.   Includes Rs. 2,209.4 million
towards reduction in fair value change account of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

6.   Includes amount transferred
by the Bank from revaluation reserve on account of depreciation charge on revaluation amounting to Rs. 589.5 million and revaluation
amount on assets sold amounting to Rs. 25.9 million.

F-
115

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees
in million

Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue and other reserves 1   Other special reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2017   11,651.1   62.6   323,932.0   257,626.7   453,047.6
Proceeds from issue of share capital   41.1   ..   3,905.3   ..   ..
Additions during the year   1,165.93   ..   131.1 4   13,480.1   49,357.6
Deductions during the year   ..   (6.9   )   (1,165.9   ) 5   (6,269.8   ) 6   (661.5   ) 7
Balance at March 31, 2018   12,858.1   55.7   326,802.5   264,837.0   501,743.7

1.   Includes revenue and other
reserves and balance in the profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve,
special reserve, unrealized investment reserve, capital reserve fund, foreign currency translation reserve, revaluation reserve
and reserve fund.

3.   Represents equity shares
issued as bonus shares.

4.   Represents the ESOP cost
recognized by the overseas banking subsidiaries under fair value method.

5.   Represents amount utilized
for issuance of bonus shares.

6.   Includes deduction amounting
to Rs. 5,254.0 million as provision by the Bank for frauds on non-retail accounts, which would be reversed and recognized through
profit and loss account in the subsequent quarters of the next financial year as permitted by the Reserve Bank of India.

7.   Includes amount reversed
by the Bank from revaluation reserve on account of depreciation charge on revaluation amounting to Rs. 572.4 million and revaluation
amount on assets sold amounting to Rs. 66.2 million.

Rupees
in million

Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue and other reserves 1   Other special reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2016   11,631.6   67.0   321,993.5   238,267.8   369,147.2
Proceeds from issue of share capital   19.5   ..   1,757.6   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   ..   180.9 3   20,802.3   85,467.6
Deductions during the year   ..   (4.4   )   ..   (1,443.4   )   (1,567.2   ) 4
Balance at March 31, 2017   11,651.1   62.6   323,932.0   257,626.7   453,047.6

1.   Includes revenue and other
reserves and balance in the profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve,
special reserve, unrealized investment reserve, capital reserve fund, foreign currency translation reserve, revaluation reserve
and reserve fund.

3.   Represents
                                         the ESOP cost recognized by the overseas banking subsidiaries under fair value method.

4.   Includes amount reversed
by the Bank from revaluation reserve on account of depreciation charge on revaluation amounting to Rs.494.9 million and revaluation
amount on assets sold amounting to Rs.18.7 million.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the movement in profit and loss account.

Rupees
in million

March 31, 2019   March 31, 2018   March 31, 2017
Balance at the beginning of the year   214,737.7   215,045.5   198,210.8
Additions during the year   42,542.4   77,121.9   101,883.8
Dividend (including corporate dividend tax)   (11,584.4   )   (16,906.1   )   (2,289.8   ) 1
Deductions during the year 3   (25,494.6   ) 2   (60,523.6   )   (82,759.3   )
Balance at the end of the year   220,201.1   214,737.7   215,045.5

1.   From the year ended March
31, 2017 onwards, according to the revised accounting standard as per Indian GAAP ‘Contingencies and events occurring after
the balance sheet date’, proposed dividend (including corporate dividend tax) for the year is accounted in the year of approval
by stockholders.

2.   Includes impact of Rs.
263.0 million (equivalent to CAD 5.1 million) on account of adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 9–
Financial instruments by the Canadian subsidiary of the Bank.

3.   Includes appropriations/transfers
to other reserves.

F-
116

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
cash flow statement is in compliance with the requirements of IAS 7 – Cash Flow Statements.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the supplementary information to the cash flow statements.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Conversions of loans to investments   1,470.2   23,887.7   10,132.2
Interest paid   391,023.8   341,736.0   348,433.0
Interest and dividend received   711,068.9   604,962.1   614,223.1

20.   Estimated fair value
of financial instruments

The
Group’s financial instruments include non-derivative financial assets and liabilities as well as derivative instruments.
Fair value estimates are generally subjective in nature and are made at a specific point in time based on the characteristics
of the financial instruments and relevant market information. Quoted market prices are used, wherever available. In other cases,
fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. These techniques involve uncertainties and
are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made regarding risk characteristics of various financial instruments,
discount rates, estimates of future cash flows and other factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates
and the resulting fair values. Derived fair value estimates cannot necessarily be substantiated by comparison to independent markets
and in many cases, may not be realized in an immediate sale of the instruments.

Fair
value estimates are based on existing financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business
and the value of assets and liabilities that are not considered as financial instruments. Disclosure of fair values is not required
for certain items such as investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting, obligations for pension and other post-retirement
benefits, income tax assets and liabilities, property and equipment, pre-paid expenses, insurance liabilities, core deposit intangibles
and the value of customer relationships associated with certain types of consumer loans, particularly the credit card portfolio
and other intangible assets. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amount presented does not purport to represent and should not
be considered representative of the underlying market or franchise value of the Group. In addition, because of differences in
methodologies and assumptions used to estimate fair values, the Group’s fair values should not be compared to those of other
financial institutions.

The
methods and assumptions used by the Group in estimating the fair values of financial instruments are described below.

Cash
and balances with banks and money at call and short notice

The
carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet approximate fair values because a substantial amount of the portfolio has maturities
of less than three months.

Investments

The
fair values of investments are generally determined based on quoted price or based on discounted cashflows. For certain debt and
equity investments that do not trade on established exchanges and for which markets do not exist, estimates of fair value are
based upon management’s review of the investee’s financial results, condition and prospects.

Advances

The
fair values of commercial and consumer loans are estimated by discounting the contractual cash flows using interest rates currently
offered on various loan products. The carrying value of certain other loans approximate fair value due to the short-term nature
of these loans. The advances are classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of any significant market observable data
for valuation of these instruments.

F-
117

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Deposits

The
carrying amount of deposits with no stated maturity is considered to be equal to their fair value. Fair value of fixed rate time
deposits is estimated by discounting contractual cash flows using interest rates currently offered on the deposit products. Fair
value estimates for deposits do not include the benefit that results from the low-cost funding provided by the deposit liabilities
compared to the cost of alternative forms of funding (core deposit intangibles). The deposits are classified as Level 3 instruments
in view of absence of any significant market observable data for valuation of these instruments.

Borrowings

The
fair value of the Group’s debt is estimated by discounting future contractual cash flows using appropriate interest rates
and credit spreads. The carrying value of certain other borrowings approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these
borrowings. The borrowings are classified as Level 2 instruments in view of the inputs used like interest rates, yield curves
and credit spreads, which are available from public sources like Reuters, Bloomberg, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited
and Fixed Income Money Markets & Derivatives Association of India.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the listing of the fair value by category of financial assets and financial
liabilities.

Rupees
in million

At March 31, 2019   At March 31, 2018
Carrying value   Estimated fair value   Carrying value   Estimated fair value
Financial assets
Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India   380,662.8   380,662.8   332,726.0   332,726.0
Balances with banks and money at call and short notice   493,246.2   493,246.2   557,265.3   557,265.3
Investments   3,982,007.6   4,016,947.1   3,722,076.8   3,736,546.2
Advances   6,469,616.8   6,441,548.2   5,668,542.2   5,688,455.0
Other assets   736,011.9   736,011.9   694,798.5   694,798.6
Total   12,061,545.3   12,068,416.2   10,975,408.8   11,009,791.1
Financial liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits   5,845,720.0   5,871,668.6   4,945,458.3   4,964,582.3
Non-interest-bearing deposits   967,449.4   967,449.4   912,502.8   912,502.8
Borrowings 1   2,103,241.2   2,117,901.2   2,294,018.3   2,311,635.6
Other liabilities and provisions   693,808.0   693,808.0   562,997.1   562,997.1
Total   9,610,218.6   9,650,827.2   8,714,976.5   8,751,717.8

1.   Includes preference share capital with a carrying value
of Nil (March 31, 2018: Rs. 3,500.0 million).

F-
118

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

21.   Differences
                                         between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP

The
consolidated financial statements of the Group are prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, which differs in certain significant
aspects from U.S. GAAP.

The
following tables summarize the significant adjustments to consolidated net income and stockholders’ equity which would result
from the application of U.S. GAAP.

1.   Net income reconciliation

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
Note   2019   2018   2017
Consolidated profit after tax as per Indian GAAP excluding minority interests 1   42,542.4   77,121.9   101,883.8
Adjustments on account of:
Allowance for loan losses   (a)   65,035.9   19,477.7   (19,580.1   )
Business combinations   (b)   (1,806.2   )   100,367.2   (375.4   )
Consolidation   (c)   1,080.7   95.9   (3,564.8   )
Valuation of debt and equity securities   (d)   12,548.7   (51,368.0   )   (29,830.9   )
Amortization of fees and costs   (e)   4,187.3   5,353.7   7,914.0
Accounting for derivatives   (f)   719.5   (113.8   )   (374.3   )
Accounting for compensation costs   (g)   (3,201.5   )   (3,395.4   )   (4,926.5   )
Accounting for securitization   (h)   (224.8   )   (46.1   )   (445.9   )
Income tax benefit/(expense)   (i)   (34,962.0   )   25,491.7   13,101.0
Others   (j)   9,029.7   5,695.5   (1,401.5   )
Total impact of all adjustments   52,407.3   101,558.4   (39,484.4   )
Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   94,949.7   178,680.3   62,399.4
Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to non-controlling interests 1   8,190.3   6,629.1   2,363.9
Total net income as per U.S. GAAP 2   103,140.0   185,309.4   64,763.3
Basic earnings per share (Rs.)
Indian GAAP (consolidated)   6.61   12.02   15.91
U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   14.75   27.84   9.75
Diluted earnings per share (Rs.)
Indian GAAP (consolidated)   6.53   11.89   15.84
U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   14.61   27.65   9.70

1.   Profit attributable to
minority interests as per Indian GAAP was Rs. 14,349.2 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 13,873.6 million and March 31, 2017: Rs. 11,519.5
million).

2.   Includes pre-acquisition
profit of Rs. 1,868.4 million of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited during the year ended March 31, 2018, of which
Rs 690.2 million was attributatble to non-controlling interests.

F-
119

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

2.   Stockholders’
equity reconciliation

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
Note   2019   2018
Consolidated net worth as per Indian GAAP excluding minority interests 1   1,142,534.1   1,106,297.0
Adjustments on account of:
Allowance for loan losses   (a)   15,926.2   (44,081.5   )
Business combinations   (b)   127,923.2   129,729.4
Consolidation   (c)   12,420.0   15,561.2
Valuation of debt and equity securities   (d)   (18,956.0   )   (60,236.2   )
Amortization of fees and costs   (e)   16,793.5   12,135.9
Accounting for derivatives   (f)   934.6   215.0
Accounting for compensation costs   (g)   ..   ..
Accounting for securitization   (h)   (1,513.5   )   (1,368.5   )
Income tax assets/(liabilities)   (i)   31,014.8   74,281.2
Others   (j)   (11,772.0   )   (19,762.7   )
Total impact of all adjustments   172,770.8   106,473.8
ICICI Bank stockholders’ equity as per U.S. GAAP   1,315,304.9   1,212,770.8
Non-controlling interests 1   102,318.4   97,725.7
Total equity as per U.S. GAAP   1,417,623.3   1,310,496.5

1.   Net worth, representing
capital and reserves and surplus, attributable to minority interests as per Indian GAAP was Rs. 65,805.4 million (March 31, 2018:
Rs. 60,081.9 million).

a)   Allowance for loan
losses

The
differences in the allowance for loan losses between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP are primarily on account of:

i.   Difference
                                         in the discount rates used for computing allowances created on restructured assets, including
                                         allowances on certain loans transferred to asset reconstruction companies not accounted
                                         for as a sale under U.S. GAAP.

ii.   Allowances
                                         for loan losses created on other impaired loans made in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
                                         450, “Contingencies” and FASB ASC Topic 310, “Receivables” under
                                         U.S. GAAP and graded provisioning rates on non-performing loans, subject to minimum provisioning
                                         rates prescribed by Reserve Bank of India guidelines under Indian GAAP for the Bank.

iii.   Allowances
                                         for credit losses on the performing portfolios based on the estimated probable losses
                                         inherent in the portfolio under U.S. GAAP as compared to prescriptive provisioning norms
                                         for standard assets as per Reserve Bank of India norms under Indian GAAP for the Bank.

F-
120

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Under
U.S. GAAP, the impaired loans portfolio is classified into restructured loans and other impaired loans. Restructured loans represent
loans whose terms relating to interest and installment payments have been modified and qualify as troubled debt restructurings
as defined in FASB ASC Subtopic 310-40, “Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors”. Other impaired loans represent
loans other than restructured loans, which qualify for impairment as per FASB ASC Subtopic 310-10, “Receivables Overall”.

Allowances
on restructured loans

Under
Indian GAAP, the provision on restructured loans is required to be equal to the difference between the fair value of the loan
before and after restructuring. The fair value of the loan before restructuring is computed as the present value of cash flows
representing the interest at the existing rate charged on the loan before restructuring and the principal. The fair value of the
loan after restructuring is computed as the present value of cash flows representing the interest at the rate charged under the
loan’s restructured terms and the principal. Both sets of cash flows are discounted at the Bank’s Base (I-Base) Rate
plus the appropriate term premium and credit risk premium for the borrower category or other applicable rate. For loans restructured
on or after July 2, 2015, both sets of cash flows are discounted at the existing rate of interest charged on the loan before the
restructuring. Additional provisions as applicable to non-performing loans, are made on restructured loans, which fail to perform
as per the restructuring terms.

As
per Reserve Bank of India guidelines, loans restructured by the Bank after April 1, 2015 (excluding loans given for implementation
of projects in the infrastructure sector and non-infrastructure sector and which are delayed up to a specified period) by re-scheduling
principal repayments and/or the interest are classified as non-performing under Indian GAAP. In addition to the provision for
the diminution in fair value of the restructured loans, the Bank is required to make loan loss provisions as applicable to non-performing
loans for all loans availed by these borrowers.

Under
U.S. GAAP, the allowance for loan losses for restructured loans is created by discounting expected cash flows at originally contracted
interest rates. Allowances recognized on account of reductions of future interest rates as a part of troubled debt restructurings
are accreted as a credit to the provision for loan losses over the tenor of the restructured loan under U.S. GAAP. Under U.S.
GAAP, additional allowances based on present value of expected cash flows are made for restructured loans, which are not performing
as per the restructured terms.

Under
Indian GAAP, upto February 12, 2018, loan accounts subjected to restructuring were upgraded to the standard category if the borrower
demonstrated, over a minimum period of one year, the ability to repay the loan in accordance with the contractual terms and the
borrower got reinstated to a normal level of general provisions for standard loans/risk weights for capital adequacy computations.
The period of one year was from the commencement of the first payment of principal or interest whichever was later on the credit
facility with the longest period of moratorium under the restructured terms. From February 12, 2018, restructured loans can be
upgraded to standard category only after satisfactory performance during the ‘specified period’, that is, the date
by which at least 20.0% of the outstanding principal debt as per the resolution plan and interest capitalisation sanctioned as
part of the restructuring, if any, is repaid or one year from the commencement of the first payment of interest or principal on
the credit facility with longest period of moratorium under the terms of the resolution plan whichever is later. In addition to
satisfactory performance during the ‘specified period’, large restructured accounts (accounts where the aggregate
exposure of lenders is Rs. 1.00 billion and above) shall also require their credit facilities to be rated at investment grade
(BBB- or better) at the end of ‘specified period’ by credit rating agencies accredited by the Reserve Bank of India.
Borrower accounts with an aggregate exposure of Rs. 5.00 billion and above require ratings from two credit rating agencies while
those below Rs. 5.00 billion require a rating from one credit rating agency. However, the process of upgrading under U.S. GAAP
is not rule-based and the timing of upgrades may differ across individual loans.

Allowances on other impaired
loans

The
difference related to the provision for loans classified as other impaired under U.S. GAAP arises from differences in conclusions
as to whether loans are impaired and due to a difference in methodology applied to calculate the allowance for loan losses under
U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP.

F-
121

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Under
Indian GAAP, non-performing loans are classified into three categories: sub-standard assets, doubtful assets and loss assets.
A loan is classified as sub-standard if interest payments or installments have remained overdue for more than 90 days. A provision
of 15.0% is required for all sub-standard loans. An additional provision of 10.0% is required for accounts that are unsecured
from the time of origination. A loan is classified as a doubtful loan if it has remained sub-standard for more than twelve months
or if the value of security charged to the Bank has been eroded and fallen below 50% of the outstanding loan. A 100% provision/write-off
is required with respect to the unsecured portion of the doubtful loans. A 100% provision is required for the secured portion
of loans classified as doubtful for more than three years and is recorded in a graded manner as the three year period occurs.
A loan is classified as a loss asset if the losses on it are identified or the loan is considered uncollectible. For loans classified
as a loss, the entire loan is required to be written off or provided for. The provisions on non-performing retail loans held by
the Bank are higher than the minimum regulatory requirement.

Under
U.S. GAAP, larger balance, non-homogenous exposures representing significant individual credit exposures (both funded and non-funded),
are individually evaluated. The evaluation includes considerations of both qualitative and quantitative criteria, including but
not limited to, the account conduct, future prospects, repayment history and financial performance. Loans are considered impaired
when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect scheduled payments of principal
or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. In addition to the detailed review of significant
individual credit exposures, the Bank also classifies its loans based on the overdue status of each account, based on which a
loan is assessed for classification as impaired if principal or interest has remained overdue for more than 90 days. The Bank
establishes specific allowances for each impaired larger balance, non-homogenous exposure based on either the present value of
expected future cash flows or in case of a collateral dependent loan, the net realizable value of the collateral net of cost to
sell, if any.

Smaller
balance homogenous loans, including consumer mortgage, installment, revolving credit and most other consumer loans are evaluated
for impairment at an aggregate portfolio level for each loan type. The allowance for loan losses attributed to these loans is
established through a process that includes an estimate of probable losses inherent in the portfolio, based upon statistical analysis
that, among other factors, includes analysis of historical delinquency and credit loss experience.

Under
Indian GAAP, the Bank holds specific provisions on certain performing commercial loans and advances. As required by the Reserve
Bank of India, the Bank also makes additional provision on loans to borrowers, where proceedings under Insolvency and Bankcruptcy
Code has been initiated based on direction of the Reserve Bank of India. Under U.S. GAAP, these loans are evaluated for impairment,
as discussed above. Upto fiscal 2017, under Indian GAAP, specific provision was made on loans where strategic debt restructuring
had been invoked/implemented as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. In fiscal 2018, the Reserve Bank of India issued revised
guidelines on resolution of stressed assets which superseded the previous guidelines on strategic debt restructuring. Consequently,
accounts where the Bank had invoked but not yet implemented strategic debt restructuring were classified as non-performing under
Indian GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank opted for fair value option for accounting these loans at fair value through income statement
under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial Instruments”. See also
–22. Notes under U.S. GAAP–Fair value
accounting of financial interests.

Under
Indian GAAP, any contractual amount due from the counter-party under derivative contracts, if not collected
within 90 days, is required to be reversed through income statement under Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under U.S. GAAP, these
receivables are analyzed to identify the required provisions in the same manner as individual credit exposures.

Allowances
on performing loans

Under
U.S. GAAP, allowances for credit losses on the performing loans are made under FASB Topic 450, “Contingencies”. The
Bank estimates the allowance on commercial loans based on the internal estimates of

F-
122

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

probability
of default and loss given default and overall portfolio quality as determined by internal credit ratings. The internal estimates
of probability of default and loss given default reflect default rates and recovery experience historically observed by the Bank.
The internal credit ratings of exposures reflect current economic conditions and relevant risk factors.

Under
Indian GAAP, the allowances on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning
requirement is a uniform rate of 0.4% for all standard assets except –

·   farm
                                         credit to agricultural and the Small and Micro Enterprise sectors, which attract a provisioning
                                         requirement of 0.25%,
·   advances
                                         to commercial real estate residential and non-residential sectors which attract a provisioning
                                         requirement of 0.75% and 1.0% respectively,

Based
on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, for accounts restructured with forbearance in asset classification, the Bank makes standard
asset provisions of 5.0% on accounts restructured after June 1, 2013.

As
per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, additional general provision between 0.0%-0.80% is made on outstanding
amounts to entities having unhedged foreign currency exposure. The provision range is based on percentage of likely loss due to
unhedged foreign currency exposure to their earnings before interest, depreciation and lease rentals, if any. As per the guidelines
issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the Bank also makes additional general provision on loans to specific borrowers in specific
stressed sectors and on incremental exposure to borrowers identified as per the Reserve Bank of India’s large exposure framework.

Under
Indian GAAP, the Reserve Bank of India guidelines do not specify the conditions under which the assets may be written-off. The
Bank has internal policies for charge off of non-performing loans against loan loss allowances. Loans, including mortgage loans,
are generally charged off against allowances when, based on a borrower-specific evaluation of the possibility of further recovery,
the Bank concludes that the balance cannot be collected. The Bank evaluates whether a balance can be collected based on the realizable
value of collateral, the results of the Bank’s past recovery efforts, the possibility of recovery through legal recourse
and the possibility of recovery through settlement. For loans classified as doubtful or loss, the Bank writes off the portion
of the loan not covered by the current value of security based on an evaluation of the possibility of recovery of such loans.
Small-balance homogenous loans other than mortgage loans are generally charged off against allowances after predefined periods
of delinquency, as follows:

●   Two wheeler loans: overdue
for 1 continuous year

●   Unsecured small value
personal loans: overdue for 1 continuous year

●   Credit card receivables
and unsecured personal loans: overdue for 3 continuous years

●   Other consumer loans:
overdue for 5 continuous years

·   Unsecured small value
business banking loans: overdue for 3 continuous years

The
same criteria are used for charge off of impaired loans under U.S. GAAP.

The
Bank transfers certain loans to borrower specific funds/trusts managed by asset reconstruction companies in exchange for security
receipts issued by the funds/trusts, as part of the strategy for resolution of non-performing assets. The funds/trusts have been
set up by the asset reconstruction companies under enacted debt recovery legislation in India and they aim to improve the recoveries
of banks on non-performing assets by aggregating lender interests and speeding up the enforcement of security interests by lenders.
While under Indian GAAP, such transfers are recognized as a sale, under U.S. GAAP these transfers are not recognized as a sale
due to the following reasons:

•
Certain transfers do not qualify for sale accounting under FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and servicing”, as the Bank
retains the risks and rewards in such transfers.

•
Certain transfers were impacted by FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10,“Consolidation – overall”. The funds/trusts to which
these loans have been transferred are variable interest entities within the definition contained in ASC Subtopic 810-10. As the
Bank is the ‘Primary Beneficiary’ of certain of these funds/trusts, it is required under U.S. GAAP to consolidate
these entities.

F-
123

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the difference in aggregate allowances for loan losses between Indian GAAP
and U.S. GAAP as attributable to the aforementioned reconciling items.

	 Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Differences due to provision on loans classified as troubled debt restructuring under U.S. GAAP (includes cases transferred to asset reconstruction company)   2,300.7   7,771.4   29,274.9
Differences due to provisions on loans classified as other impaired under U.S. GAAP 1   53,526.9   8,464.7   (46,224.4   )
Differences due to provisions created on performing assets   9,208.3   3,241.6   (2,630.6   )
65,035.9   19,477.7   (19,580.1   )

1.   Includes provision on smaller
balance homogeneous loans.

The
differences in the methodology of computing loan loss allowances between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP, as described above, result
in timing differences in the recognition of such losses.

In
fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017, aggregate provision on troubled debt restructured loans and other impaired loans under U.S. GAAP
increased significantly as compared to Indian GAAP, due to impaired loans under U.S. GAAP being significantly higher as compared
to Indian GAAP. Further, provisions were also impacted due to differences in method of measurement of provisions between Indian
GAAP and U.S. GAAP, as discussed above.

In
fiscal 2018, gross additions to non-performing loans were significantly higher under Indian GAAP as compared to U.S. GAAP. These
loans had been largely classified as impaired under U.S. GAAP in earlier years. Further, in fiscal 2018, the Reserve Bank of India
directed banks to commence proceedings under the Insolvency and Bankrupcy Code, in respect of certain corporate borrowers and
directed banks to make additional provisions against loans to these borrowers. The Bank also made additional provision under Indian
GAAP on loans classified as non-performing in earlier years due to past-due bucket movement. This resulted in continued higher
provisions under Indian GAAP in fiscal 2018. Under U.S. GAAP, while the provision on impaired loans in fiscal 2018 also continued
to be elevated, it was lower than provision under Indian GAAP during the same year.

In
fiscal 2019, while additions to non-performing loans declined significantly under Indian GAAP compared to previous three years,
provision under Indian GAAP continued to remain at an elevated level primarily due to past-due bucket movement of loans classified
as non-performing loans in earlier years as per Reserve Bank of India norms. Under U.S. GAAP, the provision on impaired loans
in fiscal 2019 was lower than the provision under Indian GAAP, as the Bank had made higher provision on impaired loans under U.S.
GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP in earlier years. Further, for a few impaired loans, the provision requirement under U.S. GAAP
was lower than Indian GAAP due to differences in methodology where the provision on non-performing loans under Indian GAAP is
primarily based on the number of days a loan is past-due, whereas under U.S. GAAP, the provision is primarily based on assessment
of recovery from impaired loans.

Further,
under Indian GAAP, specific provision is made on loans where strategic debt restructuring is invoked/implemented as prescribed
by Reserve Bank of India. The Bank opted for fair value option for accounting loans and guarantees at fair value through income
statement in such cases under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial Instruments”. Accordingly, provisions made on these loans
under Indian GAAP were reversed in the line item “Allowance for loan losses”. Fair value gain of Rs. 13,817.5 million
for the year ended March 31, 2019 (for the year ended March 31, 2018: Fair value loss of Rs. 8,809.3 million, for the year ended
March 31, 2017: Fair value loss of Rs. 26,252.7 million) on these loans and guarantees under U.S. GAAP were recorded in the line
item “Valuation of debt and equity securities”. See also– 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Fair

F-
124

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

value
accounting of financial interests.

In
fiscal 2018, provision on performing loans resulted in positive impact under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP primarily due
to additional provision on certain borrowers in stressed sectors made under Indian GAAP during fiscal 2018 based on the Reserve
Bank of India’s guidelines.

In
fiscal 2019, the Bank made provision on performing loans under Indian GAAP primarily due to incremental loans made during the
year. Under U.S. GAAP, there was a reversal of provisions on performing loans primarily due to upgrades of certain lower rated
loans to higher rating categories which have a lower provisioning requirements, or slippages from lower rated loans to the impaired
category with specific provision; and lower provision requirement on incremental loans made during fiscal 2019, which were primarily
higher rated.

b)   Business combinations

The
differences arising due to business combinations are primarily on account of:

i)   Determination of the
accounting acquirer;
ii)   Accounting for intangible
assets; and
iii)   Acquisition of control
due to lapse of minority substantive participating rights in acquiree

Under
U.S. GAAP, the amalgamation between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Limited was accounted for as a reverse acquisition in fiscal
2003. This means that ICICI Limited was recognized as the accounting acquirer in the amalgamation, although ICICI Bank Limited
was the legal acquirer. On the acquisition date, ICICI Limited held a 46% ownership interest in ICICI Bank Limited. Accordingly,
the acquisition of the balance 54% ownership interest was accounted for as a step-acquisition. Under Indian GAAP, ICICI Bank Limited
was recognized as the legal and the accounting acquirer and the assets and liabilities of ICICI Limited were incorporated in the
books of ICICI Bank Limited in accordance with the purchase method of accounting. Further, under U.S. GAAP, the amalgamation resulted
in goodwill and intangible assets while the amalgamation under Indian GAAP resulted in a capital reserve (negative goodwill),
which was accounted for as revenue and other reserves according to the scheme of amalgamation.

During
fiscal 2011, ICICI Bank Limited acquired Bank of Rajasthan Limited through exchange of common stock. The acquisition of the Bank
of Rajasthan Limited was accounted for under Indian GAAP as per the Reserve Bank of India approved scheme of merger. Under Indian
GAAP, the purchase consideration was determined based on the paid-up value of common stock issued. Under U.S. GAAP, the purchase
consideration was determined as the fair value of total consideration transferred, based on ASC Topic 805, “Business Combinations”.
The impact of this, and some other non-significant factors relating to the accounting of business combinations, resulted in an
increase in reconciliation differences of Rs. 32,682.7 million in stockholders’ equity reconciliation due to accounting
of business combinations for acquisition of Bank of Rajasthan Limited in fiscal 2011. Under U.S. GAAP, goodwill of Rs. 27,120.9
million and definite life intangible assets of Rs. 3,898.0 million were recorded as per ASC 805, “Business Combinations”,
and FASB ASC Topic 350, “Intangibles – Goodwill and others”. Under Indian GAAP, no goodwill and intangible assets
were recognized as per scheme of merger approved by the Reserve Bank of India. Intangibles recognized under U.S. GAAP due to above
business combinations have been fully amortized.

ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, a general insurance company, was established as a joint venture, which allowed substantive
participating rights to a minority shareholder. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank had been accounting for its investment in ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited as an equity affiliate. During fiscal 2018, the joint venture agreement was terminated, resulting
in the Bank acquiring control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited without transferring any additional consideration.
Under U.S. GAAP, this transaction has been accounted using acquisition method for business combination under “ASC Subtopic
805-10, Business Combination – Overall”. Further, under U.S. GAAP, the

F-
125

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Bank remeasured
its equity interest at fair value amounting to Rs. 128,011.8 million in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited at acquisition
date and recognized a gain of Rs. 101,714.5 million, which was included in the line item ‘Business Combination’ in
fiscal 2018. Under U.S. GAAP, goodwill was determined by deducting the fair value of net assets acquired from the fair value of
equity interest held by the Bank and fair value of minority interest. Accordingly, goodwill of Rs. 142,896.9 million and intangibles
of Rs. 15,553.0 million were recorded under U.S. GAAP. The goodwill was allocated to General insurance segment of the Group. Under
Indian GAAP, no specific accounting was required for termination of the above joint venture agreement.

Further,
for certain other acquisitions made by the Group, no goodwill and intangibles have been accounted for under Indian GAAP primarily
due to accounting for the amalgamation by the pooling of interests method and as per scheme of merger approved by Reserve Bank
of India. However, under U.S. GAAP, goodwill has been accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, “Business Combinations”.

Under
U.S. GAAP in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350, the Group does not amortize goodwill and intangibles with infinite life but instead
tests the same for impairment at least annually. The annual impairment test under ASC Topic 350 does not indicate an impairment
loss for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017.

Under
U.S. GAAP intangible assets with finite useful life are amortized over their estimated useful lives in proportion to the economic
benefits consumed in each period.

The
following table sets forth, the estimated useful lives of intangible assets.

No. of years
Customer-related intangibles   4-10
Operating lease   7
Brand   15

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for business combinations
under Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees
in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Remeasurement of equity interest to fair value on acquisition of control in equity affiliate   ..   101,714.5   ..
Amortization of intangibles   (1,813.7   )   (1,373.2   )   (123.6   )
Others   7.5   25.9   (251.8   )
Total difference in business combinations   (1,806.2   )   100,367.2   (375.4   )

c)   Consolidation

The
differences on account of consolidation are primarily on account of:

1.   Consolidation
                                         of insurance subsidiary;
2.   Equity
                                         affiliates and majority owned subsidiaries; and
3.   Consolidation
                                         of variable interest entities.

Under
Indian GAAP, consolidation is required only if there is ownership of more than one-half of the voting power of an enterprise or
control of the composition of the Board of Directors in the case of a company or of the composition of the governing body in case
of any other enterprise.

Under
Indian GAAP, the insurance subsidiaries (ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited) are consolidated on line-by-line basis. Under U.S. GAAP,

F-
126

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is accounted for by the equity method of accounting as the minority shareholders
have substantive participating rights as defined in ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consoliation – Overall”. Up to
fiscal 2017, ICICI Lombard was also accounted for by the equity method of accouting, as the minority shareholders had
substantive participating rights as defined in ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consoliation – Overall”. During fiscal
2018, the joint venture agreement for ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited was terminated, resulting in the Bank
acquiring control in general insurance subsidiary. Accordingly, general insurance subsidiary has been consolidated on
line-by-line basis under U.S. GAAP under ASC Subtopic 810-10 from the year ended March 31, 2018.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for consolidation
under Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees
in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Profit/(loss) as per U.S. GAAP for insurance subsidiaries   13,187.4   16,214.2   18,422.6
Less: Profit/(loss) as per Indian GAAP for insurance subsidiaries   11,389.3   16,191.7   23,835.4
Net reconciliation difference for insurance subsidiaries (1)   1,798.1   22.5   (5,412.8   )
Profit/(loss) from insurance subsidiaries attributable to the Group (2)   961.5   13.7   (3,263.2   )
Profit/(loss) from equity affiliates and majority owned subsidiaries   121.3   79.9   (91.8   )
Profit/(loss) on consolidation of variable interest entities and special purpose entities   (2.1   )   2.3   (209.8   )
Total differences in consolidation   1,080.7   95.9   (3,564.8   )

1.   Represents total differences
in profit/(loss) between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for life insurance subsidiary for the year ended March 31, 2019 and March 31,
2018 and life insurance and general insurance subsidiaries for the year ended March 31, 2017. See also- 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP
– Insurance subsidiary/affiliate.

2.   Represents the Group’s
share of profit/(loss) in “Net reconciliation difference for insurance subsidiaries” and excludes the share of non-controlling
interest holders. The Group owns part, not all, of the insurance subsidiaries. As such, only a portion of “Net reconciliation
difference for insurance subsidiaries” is attributable to the Group; the rest is attributable to non-controlling interest
holders. The share attributable to the Group constitutes the “Profit/(loss) from insurance subsidiaries attributable to
the Group.” Reconciling items pertaining to significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for life insurance
affiliate and for general insurance subsidiary are discussed separately below.

Profit/(loss)
on consolidation of Variable Interest Entities (VIEs)

The
Bank has applied FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation – Overall” to consolidate certain variable interest
entities. The Bank has consolidated certain qualified special purpose entities used for securitization transactions, effective
April 1, 2010 on adoption of FAS 167 (codified within ASC 810-10). Upon consolidation, the assets of the qualifying special purpose
entities (QSPEs) were incorporated into the Bank’s loan portfolio and the amounts received from the investors were accounted
for as borrowings. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank accounts for the allowance for loan losses on these loans based on estimated probable
losses.

Under
Indian GAAP, securitized assets are derecognized from the Bank’s books. As such, with respect to securitization transactions
entered into before February 1, 2006, the Bank accounted for any profits or losses arising from securitization upfront at the
time of securitization. However, in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines for securitization, for securitization
transactions entered into after February 1, 2006, the Bank accounted for any losses immediately at the time of securitization
but amortized any profits over the life of the securities issued or to be issued by the QSPEs. The Bank also provides credit enhancement
to the QSPEs against delinquencies on securitized assets. Under Indian GAAP, effective February 1, 2006, the recognition of losses
is based on the extent of utilization of credit enhancement extended to QSPEs.

Due
to these differences in the Bank’s accounting of securitization transactions, the timing of recognition of income and provision
for loan losses differ under U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP.

F-
127

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

d)   Valuation of debt
and equity securities

Under
Indian GAAP unrealized losses of held for trading and available for sale securities are taken to profit and loss account. Under
Indian GAAP, net unrealized gains on investments by category are ignored. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on trading
debt assets are recognized in the profit and loss account and unrealized gains or losses on debt securities classified as ‘available
for sale’, which include all securities classified as ‘held to maturity’ under Indian GAAP, are recognized in
other comprehensive income under stockholders’ equity except for the unrealized losses on securities identified as other
than temporarily impaired which are recognized in profit and loss account. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on equity
securities are recognized in profit and loss account from April 1, 2018, as per FASB ASC Topic 321, “Investments-Equity
Securities”.

Under
Indian GAAP, the impact of currency revaluation on debt securities denominated in foreign currency is taken to profit and loss
account. Under U.S. GAAP, the impact of currency revaluation on non hedged ‘available for sale’ debt securities denominated
in foreign currency is taken to other comprehensive income.

Under
Indian GAAP, premium over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate securities under held to maturity category is amortized
over the remaining period to maturity on an effective constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. Any premium over
the face value of fixed rate and floating rate investments in government securities classified under available for sale category
is amortized over the remaining period to maturity on constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. Under U.S. GAAP,
the income as per interest method is arrived at by amortization/accrual of premium/discount on the face value of debt securities
over the remaining period to maturity on an effective interest rate basis.

Under
Indian GAAP, gain or loss on sale of equity stake in a subsidiary company is recognized in the income statement. Under U.S. GAAP,
change in the parent’s ownership in the subsidiary company is accounted as equity transaction, if the parent retains controlling
financial interest in the subsidiary and accordingly gain or loss is not recognized in the income statement. In fiscal 2018, the
Bank sold part of its equity shareholdings in its subsidiaries, namely ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company and ICICI Securities
Limited, while retaining the control in these subsidiaries. While, gains on sale of equity shares were recorded through profit
and loss account under Indian GAAP, these gains were accounted in equity under U.S. GAAP.

In
fiscal 2016, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on strategic debt restructuring under which conversion of debt into equity
and acquisition of ownership interests in the borrower by banks is allowed. The Reserve Bank of India has exempted banks from
consolidation of these entities. Under U.S. GAAP, these entities were considered as equity affiliates. The Bank opted for fair
value option of these equity affiliates under ASC Topic 825 “Financial Instruments”. Accordingly, fair value changes
in the loans, guarantees and equity shares were accounted through income statement. While fair value impact on loans was recorded
in the line item “Valuation of debt and equity securities”, the provisions made on these loans under Indian GAAP were
reversed in the line item “Allowance for loan losses”. See also
–22. Notes under U.S. GAAP–Fair value
accounting of financial interests.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for valuation of
debt and equity securities under Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees
in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Impact of differences in mark-to-market accounting for investment securities   (644.8   )   22,069.0   3,362.2
Other than temporary impairment on AFS securities under U.S. GAAP 2   (1,833.0   )   (7,554.5   )   (4,841.2   )
Impact of currency revaluation on non-hedged AFS debt securities denominated in foreign currency accounted for in profit and loss under Indian GAAP, which is accounted for in other comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP   547.1   4.4   1,728.1

F-
128

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Impact of gain on sale of stake in subsidiary companies recognized in the income statement under Indian GAAP, which is recognized as an equity transaction under U.S. GAAP   ..   (49,102.3   )   ..
Impact of fair value accounting for financial interest in certain equity affiliates   9,047.0   (13,858.6   )   (28,690.8   )
Others   5,432.4   (2,926.0   )   (1,389.2   )
Total   12,548.7   (51,368.0   )   (29,830.9   )

1.   The Group
                                         adopted ASU 2016-01 effective from April 1, 2018, resulting in a cumulative effect adjustment
                                         of net MTM gains on equity securities from accumulated other comprehensive income to
                                         retained earnings amounting to Rs. 11,531.7 million. Further, the ASU has eliminated
                                         the AFS category for equity securities and therefore the unrealized holding gains/(losses)
                                         on equity securities for the year ended March 31, 2019 have been recognized in net income.

2.   Includes
                                         other than temporary impairment on equity securities upto year ended March 31, 2018.

e)   Amortization of fees
and costs

Loan
origination fees and costs

Under
U.S. GAAP, loan origination fees (net of certain costs) are amortized over the period of the loans as an adjustment to the yield
on the loan. However under Indian GAAP, loan origination fees are accounted for upfront. Also under Indian GAAP, loan origination
costs, including commissions paid to direct marketing agents, are expensed in the year in which they are incurred.

Retirement
benefit cost

Under
Indian GAAP, all actuarial gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise
through suitable credit/debit in the profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are
accounted in Other Comprehensive Income. Subsequently cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive
Income which is over and above 10% corridor is amortized through profit and loss account. Further, discount rate for
computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality fixed income securities in U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on government
securities under Indian GAAP.

Reinsurance
commission and deferred acquisition costs

Under
U.S. GAAP, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited has been consolidated on line-by-line basis from fiscal 2018, as the
Bank acquired control in the Company.

Under
Indian GAAP, reinsurance commission on business ceded by general insurance subsidiary is recognized as income in the year of the
ceding of the risk. Under U.S. GAAP, proceeds from reinsurance transactions that represent recovery of acquisition costs are reduced
from unamortized acquisition costs in such a manner that net acquisition costs are capitalized and charged to expense in proportion
to net revenue recognized over the related policy period.

Under
Indian GAAP, acquisition costs for new and renewal of insurance contracts in general insurance subsidiary are charged as expense
to the revenue account in the year in which these are incurred, whereas under U.S. GAAP, the same are capitalized and charged
to expense in proportion to premium revenue recognized as per ASC Topic 944 “Financial Services-Insurance”.

F-
129

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for amortization
of fees and costs under Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees
in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Loan origination fees and costs   2,992.0   7,125.8   7,011.2
Retirement benefit costs   895.8   (1,848.3   )   927.5
Reinsurance commission and deferred acquisition costs   581.3   68.7   ..
Amortization of other costs   (281.8   )   7.5   (24.7   )
Total differences in amortization of fees and costs 1   4,187.3   5,353.7   7,914.0

1.   The Group
                                         adopted ASC Topic 606 – Revenue from Contracts with Customers effective from April
                                         1, 2018. The Group has opted to recognize the cumulative effect of adoption on the date
                                         of initial application, amounting to Rs. 3.4 million, in retained earnings. Further,
                                         the Group opted to apply the new guidance only for the contracts, which were not completed
                                         at April 1, 2018.

2.   Does not include any amount
that is attributable to non-controlling interest holders.

The
amortization of loan origination fees and costs resulted in higher income under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP primarily
due to higher direct loan origination costs on consumer loans incurred during these years reflecting growth in consumer loans
and amortization of previous periods’ unamortized fees on commercial loans. Loan processing fees on commercial loans have
been lower in last three years, which has resulted in lower income from amortization of fees in fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal
2018.

f)   Accounting for derivatives

Under
Indian GAAP, the interest rate and exchange rate risks on some on-balance sheet assets and liabilities are hedged through swap
contracts. The impact of such derivative instruments is correlated with the movement of underlying assets and liabilities and
accounted pursuant to the principles of the hedge accounting. Hedged swaps are accounted for on an accrual basis except in the
case of the overseas banking subsidiaries, where the hedging transactions and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) are
measured at fair value with changes recognized in the profit and loss account. The premium/discount on certain foreign currency
swaps, used for asset liability management purposes, is amortized over the life of the swap. All other outstanding forward exchange
contracts are revalued and the resultant gains or losses are recognized in the profit and loss account.

Under
U.S. GAAP, the Group accounts for its derivative transactions in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815 “Derivative
and Hedging”. Accordingly certain derivative contracts classified as hedges under Indian GAAP may not qualify as hedges
under U.S. GAAP and are accounted for as trading derivatives with changes in fair value being recorded in the income statement.

Under
U.S. GAAP, the Group has designated certain derivatives as fair value and cash flow hedges of certain interest bearing assets
and liabilities under ASC Topic 815. At the inception of a hedge transaction, the Group formally documents the hedge relationship
and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. This process includes identification of the hedging
instrument, hedged item, risk being hedged and the methodology for assessing effectiveness and measuring ineffectiveness of the
hedge. In addition, the Group assesses both at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivative used
in the hedging transaction is effective in offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows of the hedged item, and whether the
derivative is expected to continue to be highly effective. The Group assesses the effectiveness of the hedge instrument at inception
and continually on a quarterly basis. The impact of changes in fair values of both the hedging instrument and the hedged item
is included in the income statement. The Group has also designated certain forward contracts as hedging instruments for its certain
net investments in foreign operations which are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 815.

F-
130

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

g)   Accounting
for compensation cost

FASB
ASC Topic 718, “Compensation – stock compensation” requires all share-based payments to employees, including
grants of employee stock options to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Under Indian GAAP, the Group
follows the intrinsic value method to account for its stock-based employees’ compensation plans. Compensation cost is measured
by the excess, if any, of the fair market price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on the grant date. The Group has
not recognized an income tax benefit on employee stock options related compensation cost.

h)   Accounting
                                         for securitization

Under
U.S. GAAP, the Group accounts for gain on sale of loans securitized at the time of sale in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 860,
“Transfers and Servicing”. As per ASC Topic 860, any gain or loss on the sale of the financial asset is accounted
for in the income statement at the time of the sale. Under Indian GAAP, with effect from February 1, 2006, net income arising
from securitization of loan assets is accounted for over the life of the securities issued or to be issued by the special purpose
vehicle/special purpose entity to which the assets are sold. With effect from May 7, 2012, the profit/premium arising from securitization
is amortized over the life of the transaction based on the method prescribed by Reserve Bank of India. Net loss arising on account
of the sell-down securitization of loan assets is recognized at the time of sale. Further, the securitization transactions of
mortgage loans by the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary do not qualify as sale transactions as they do not meet the de-recognition
criteria under Indian GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, these securitization transactions have been accounted for as transfers as these satisfy
the derecognition criteria under ASC Topic 860 “Transfers and Servicing”.

Under
ASC Topic 860 “Transfers and Servicing”, certain securitzation transactions, which qualify as transfer under Indian
GAAP, do not qualify as transfer under U.S. GAAP. See note 22 (a) on “Securitizations and variable interest entities”.

i)   Income
                                         taxes

Deferred
taxes are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates under U.S. GAAP
while under Indian GAAP, no deferred taxes are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches
and affiliates.

The
Bank has incurred current tax expense and recognized deferred tax assets on the foreign currency translation reserves pertaining
to its overseas branches under Indian GAAP with the offsetting amounts of current tax expense and deferred tax benefit recognized
in net income. Under U.S. GAAP, no deferred tax assets are recognized on undistributed earnings of overseas branches where current
taxes have been incurred and the current tax expense incurred has been recognized in other comprehensive income.

Under
Indian GAAP, deferred tax assets on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses of domestic companies are recognized only
if there is virtual certainty of realization of such assets, whereas under U.S. GAAP it is recognized based on a more-likely-than-not
criteria.

The
Bank and its housing finance subsidiary create a Special Reserve through appropriation of profits from time to time and receive
the current tax benefit as per the Income Tax Act, 1961 for appropriation. If the funds are withdrawn from the Special Reserve
in future periods, the amount withdrawn is taxable. Under Indian GAAP, a deferred tax liability has been recognized on such Special
Reserve in accordance with the guidelines issued by Reserve Bank of India/National Housing Bank. Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes
are recognized and measured based on the expected manner of recovery and deferred taxes are not recognized if the expected manner
of recovery does not give rise to income tax consequences. Accordingly, a deferred tax liability was not recognized under
U.S. GAAP on the Special Reserve based on the Group’s continuing intention to not ever withdraw or utilize such Special
Reserve and on an opinion from the legal counsel about the non–taxability of such Special Reserve in the scenario of a liquidation.

F-
131

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Under
Indian GAAP, no deferred tax asset is recognized on property and equipment, which is not depreciable for income tax purposes.
Under U.S. GAAP, a deferred tax asset is recognized for the temporary difference related to such assets including consideration
of the indexation benefit available under tax laws.

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the income tax impact of the non-tax adjustments that result from the application
of U.S. GAAP.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of the adjustments to  income tax (expense)/benefit in
the net income reconciliation.

Rupees
in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Deferred tax on undistributed earnings of subsidiaries, branches and affiliates   (6,040.5   )   29,035.5   (1,901.7   )
Income tax where current tax has been incurred on foreign currency translation reserves   ..   ..   156.2
Deferred tax on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses   87.0   1,746.4   20.3
Deferred tax on Special Reserve   1,864.1   1,860.4   1,179.1
Deferred tax on temporary difference on property and equipment   24.5   (456.3   )   68.3
Income tax impact of U.S. GAAP adjustments   (30,897.1   )   (6,694.3   )   13,578.8
Total differences in  income
    taxes   (34,962.0   )   25,491.7   13,101.0

At
March 31, 2019, the stockholders’ equity was higher by Rs. 31,014.8 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 74,281.2 million),
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP on account of income tax adjustments, of which Rs. 18,367.0 million (March 31,
2018: Rs. 23,781.1 million) was due to deferred tax on undistributed earnings of subsidiaries, branches and affiliates, Rs.
(283.0) million (March 31, 2018: Rs. (861.2) million) was due to income tax where current tax has been incurred on foreign
currency translation reserves pertaining to overseas branches, Rs. 1,853.7 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 1,766.7 million) was
due to deferred tax on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses, Rs. 31,535.8 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 29,671.7
million) was due to deferred tax on Special Reserve, Rs. 514.9 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 490.4 million) was due to
deferred tax on temporary difference on property and equipment, and Rs. (20,973.6) million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 19,432.5
million) was due to the  income tax impact of U.S. GAAP adjustments.

j)   Others

Under
Indian GAAP, the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary have revalued fixed assets and created a revaluation reserve amounting
to Rs. 30,700.0 million at March 31, 2019 (March 31, 2018: Rs. 30,276.4 million). Under U.S. GAAP, fixed assets are recognized
on cost basis, as per ASC Topic 360 – Property, Plant and Equipment. Further, additional depreciation has been charged to
income statement on revalued amount under Indian GAAP, but not under U.S. GAAP, resulting in lower depreciation charge by Rs.
615.4 million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for the year ended March 31, 2019 (Rs. 638.6 million for the year ended
March 31, 2018 and Rs. 513.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2017).

Under
Indian GAAP, the Bank has made provisions on certain fixed assets acquired in debt asset swap arrangements as per the direction
of Reserve Bank of India. Under U.S. GAAP, these fixed assets were carried at book value or fair value, whichever is lower. This
has resulted in higher profit of Rs. 8,425.4 million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for the year ended March 31, 2019
(higher profit of Rs. 5,043.4 million for the year ended March 31, 2018).

F-
132

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

22.   Notes under U.S.
GAAP

Additional
information required under U.S. GAAP

a)   Securitizations
                                         and variable interest entities

Overview

The
Bank and its subsidiaries are involved with several types of off-balance-sheet arrangements, including special purpose entities.

Uses
of Special Purpose Entities (SPEs)

The
Group deals with some SPEs which were created to fulfill limited purposes as specified in their governing documents. The primary
purpose of these SPEs is to receive contributions from investors for buying assets from the transferor, hold such purchased assets
on behalf of the contributors to the trust and making regular payments to the investors from the proceeds of purchased assets.
These SPEs have been organized mainly in the legal forms of trusts. In a securitization, the company transferring assets to a
SPE converts all (or a portion) of those assets into cash before they would have been realized in the normal course of business,
through the SPE’s issuance of debt and equity instruments, certificates, commercial paper and other notes of indebtedness,
which are recorded on the balance sheet of the SPE and not reflected in the transferring company’s balance sheet, assuming
applicable accounting requirements are satisfied. Investors usually have recourse to the assets in the SPE and often benefit from
other credit enhancements, such as a collateral account or over-collateralization in the form of excess assets in the SPE, a line
of credit, or from a liquidity facility, such as liquidity put option or asset purchase agreement. FASB issued accounting standards
effective April 1, 2010, whereby the Group is required to consolidate certain of these trusts with which it had involvement and
which had earlier been exempted from consolidation being Qualified Special Purpose Entities. In accordance with ASC 810-10, the
Group consolidated these entities by initially measuring the assets, liabilities, and non-controlling interests of former QSPEs
at their carrying values (the amounts at which the assets, liabilities, and non-controlling interests would have been carried
in the consolidated financial statements, if the Group had always consolidated these former Qualified Special Purpose Entities).
Further, SFAS 166 (now codified under ASC 860-10) required certain asset transfers, including transfers of portions of assets
that would have been considered sales under SFAS 140 (now codified under ASC 860-10), to be considered secured borrowings.

Variable
Interest Entities (VIEs)

VIEs
are entities that have either a total equity investment that is not sufficient to finance its activities without additional subordinated
financial support, or whose equity investors lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest (i.e., power through
voting rights or similar rights to direct the activities of a legal entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic
performance and right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity or obligation to absorb the expected losses of the
entity). Investors that finance the VIE through debt or equity interests or other counterparties that provide other forms of support,
such as guarantees, subordinated fee arrangements, or certain types of derivative contracts, are variable interest holders in
the entity. The variable interest holder, if any, that has a controlling financial interest in a VIE is deemed to be the primary
beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE. Accordingly, the Group has determined that it has a controlling financial interest because
it is the primary beneficiary of certain trusts and entities, based on its determination that it has both, the power to direct
activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, and obligation to absorb losses of
the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially
be significant to the VIE.

The
following table sets forth the Group’s involvement with consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs in which the Group holds significant
variable interests at March 31, 2019.

F-
133

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Particulars   Significant investment in unconsolidated VIEs   Investment in consolidated VIEs   Total investment in VIE assets (gross assets)
Funded
Mortgaged backed securitizations   ..   5,908.9   5,908.9
Asset backed securitizations   ..   ..   ..
Loans   ..   ..   ..
Total funded   ..   5,908.9   5,908.9
Non-funded
Mortgaged backed securitizations   ..   ..   ..
Asset backed securitizations   ..   ..   ..
Others   ..   ..   ..
Total non-funded   ..   ..   ..
Total   ..   5,908.9   5,908.9

Rupees
in million

The
following table sets forth the Group’s involvement with consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs in which the Group holds significant
variable interests at March 31, 2018.

Particulars   Significant investment in unconsolidated VIEs   Investment in consolidated VIEs   Total investment in VIE assets (gross assets)
Funded
Mortgaged backed securitizations   ..   6,155.6   6,155.6
Asset backed securitizations   ..   ..   ..
Loans   ..   ..   ..
Total funded   ..   6,155.6   6,155.6
Non-funded
Mortgaged backed securitizations   ..   ..   ..
Asset backed securitizations   ..   ..   ..
Others   ..   ..   ..
Total non-funded   ..   ..   ..
Total   ..   6,155.6   6,155.6

 Rupees
in million

The
asset balances for consolidated VIEs represent the carrying amounts of the assets consolidated by the Group. The carrying amount
may represent the amortized cost or the current fair value of the assets depending on the legal form of the asset (e.g., loan
or security) and the Group’s standard accounting policies for the asset type and line of business. The assets of VIEs can
be utilized only for the settlement of the obligations of respective VIEs.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the carrying amounts and classification of the consolidated assets and
liabilities, in respect of VIEs and SPEs where the Group is primary beneficiary. The liabilities of the consolidated VIE are to
be met from the proceeds of the consolidated assets and other support provided by the Bank in the form of credit enhancements
and liquidity facilities. The creditors of the consolidated VIEs do not have recourse to the general credit of the Group
.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   At March 31, 2019   At March 31, 2018
Cash   ..   ..
Investments   622.8   622.8
Loans   3,566.2   4,343.8
Other assets   ..   ..
Total assets   4,189.0   4,966.6
Borrowings   949.5   1,184.4
Other liabilities   ..   ..
Total liabilities   949.5   1,184.4

F-
134

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
Bank invests in pass through certificates of securitization trusts with underlying retail loans originated by other entities.
The carrying value of such investments was Rs. 137,313.1 million at March 31, 2019 (March 31, 2018: Rs. 119,977.3 million). The
Bank is not the primary beneficiary of these trusts based on its assessment under ASC Subtopic 810-10 - Consolidation –
overall. Further, neither was the Bank the transferor of assets to these VIEs, nor was the Bank involved in the design of these
VIEs. The maximum exposure to loss from the Bank’s involvement in these trusts is the carrying value of the investments.

b)   Fair
                                         value accounting of financial interests

In fiscal
2016, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on strategic debt restructuring under which conversion of debt into equity and
acquisition of ownership interests in the borrower entity by banks was allowed. The Bank, along with other lenders, converted
a portion of its loans to certain entities into equity as per this guideline. Such conversion also allowed each lender, the right
to nominate directors on the Board of the borrower entity. Although these entities were considered as equity affiliates under
ASC Subtopic 323-10 because of deemed significant influence due to ownership interests and management rights, the intention of
the Bank was to safeguard the debt recovery and not to get an economic benefit from the operations of these entities. Accordingly,
the Bank opted for fair value option for accounting these affiliates and the loans, guarantees and equity share investments in
these entities were fair valued through income statement under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial Instruments”.

The fair
value of loans and guarantees to these entities was Rs. 12,293.7 million at March 31, 2019 and Rs. 14,366.1 million at March 31,
2018 as compared to the carrying value of Rs. 40,300.7 million at March 31, 2019 and Rs. 56,190.6 million at March 31, 2018. The
difference of Rs. 28,007.0 million at March 31, 2019 (March 31, 2018: Rs. 41,824.5 million) between the fair value and the carrying
value, which represents loss arising due to fair value changes, has been recognized as a charge to income. This includes fair
value of Rs. 11,262.9 million at March 31, 2019 and Rs. 11,672.9 million at March 31, 2018 for loans which are more than 90-days
past due with a fair value loss of Rs. 25,704.0 million at March 31, 2019 and Rs. 37,969.3 million at March 31, 2018. The Bank
has not recognized interest separately on these loans. Further, a loss of Rs. 12,973.9 million at March 31, 2019 (March 31, 2018:
Rs. 8,203.4 million) has been recognized as a net charge to income due to fair value changes in the equity and debt investments
in these entities.

The Group’s
shareholding in these entities at March 31, 2019 is as below:

S. No   Name
    of the entity   Ownership
    interest
1.   Lanco Teesta Hydro
    Power Limited   14.48%
2.   Jaiprakash Power Ventures
    Limited   13.43%
3.   Vishwa Infrastructure
    and Services Private Limited   12.53%
4.   Ballarpur Industries
    Limited   12.02%
5.   Usher Agro Limited   10.88%
6.   Gammon India Limited   10.63%
7.   Unimark Remedies Limited   9.72%
8.   Great Offshore Limited   9.11%
9.   ICOMM Tele Limited   7.47%
10.   IVRCL Limited   7.98%
11.   Coastal
    Projects Limited   7.79%
12.   Diamond
    Power Infrastructure Limited   7.06%
13.   Patel Engineering
    Limited   4.64%
14.   GTL infrastructure
    Limited   4.28%
15.   Pratibha
    Industries Limited   3.01%
16.   Adhunik Power and
    Natural Resources Limited   1.77%
17.   Aster
    Private Limited   1.77%
18.   Monnet
    Ispat and Energy Limited   1.25%

F-
135

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

c)   Investments

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as held for trading.

Rupees in million

Debt securities   At March 31, 2019   At March 31, 2018
Government securities   120,207.5   168,200.2
Corporate debt securities   37,987.3   44,309.6
Other debt securities   92,088.3   109,284.9
Total   250,283.1   321,794.7

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million

At March 31, 2019
Amortized cost/cost   Gross Unrealized gain   Gross Unrealized loss   Fair value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   321,713.0   3,529.6   (1,725.4   )   323,517.2
Government securities   1,551,612.3   19,451.1   (2,732.5   )   1,568,330.9
Other debt securities   207,696.8   3,086.5   (2,094.3   )   208,689.0
Total debt securities   2,081,022.1   26,067.2   (6,552.2   )   2,100.537.1
Other securities   10.5   6.3   ..   16.8
Total   2,081,032.6   26,073.5   (6,552.2   )   2,100,553.9

Rupees in million

At March 31, 2018
Amortized cost/cost   Gross Unrealized gain   Gross Unrealized loss   Fair value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   291,545.4   2,154.0   (977.2   )   292,722.2
Government securities   1,443,708.4   4,946.6   (12,352.1   )   1,436,302.9
Other debt securities   205,752.1   166.5   (2,100.1   )   203,818.5
Total debt securities   1,941,005.9   7,267.1   (15,429.4   )   1,932,843.6
Other securities   52.6   27.4   ..   80.0
Total   1,941,058.5   7,294.5   (15,429.4   )   1,932,923.6

The
fair value of the Group’s investment in equity securities based on readily determinable fair value and observable orderly
transactions at March 31, 2019 was Rs. 55,041.7 million and Rs. 5,414.7 million (Rs. 49,272.0 million and Nil at March 31, 2018)
respectively. The Group measured certain equity securities based on observable price in orderly transactions and recorded a gain
of Rs. 2,719.6 million during fiscal 2019.

Further,
the Group’s investments portfolio also contains investments held by its venture capital subsidiary, investments in non-readily
marketable securities and investments in affiliates. The fair value of investments held by the venture capital subsidiary was
Rs. 110.8 million at March 31, 2019 and Rs. 100.0 million at March 31, 2018. Non-readily marketable securities primarily represent
investments in affiliates and securities acquired as a part of project financing activities or conversion of loans in debt restructurings.
The investments in non-readily marketable securities and investment in affiliates was Rs. 60,855.5 million at March 31, 2019 and
Rs. 58,668.1 million at March 31, 2018 respectively. Of these, the carrying value of equity securities carried at cost less impairment
was Rs. 25.5 million at March 31, 2019 after recognizing impairment charge of Rs. 271.2 million during fiscal 2019. Further, the
fair value of certain investments, where Bank has opted for fair value accounting was Rs. 3,518.2 million at March 31, 2019 and
Rs. 8,673.6 million at March 31, 2018 under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial Instruments”.

F-
136

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

d)   Fair value measurements

The Group determines
the fair values of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820. The standard describes
three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value.

Level 1

Valuation is based upon
unadjusted quoted prices of identical instruments traded in active markets. The instruments that have been valued based upon such
quoted prices include traded equity shares, mutual funds, government securities, corporate bonds, certificate of deposits, commercial
papers, futures and spots. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary has investments in bankers’ acceptances which are valued
based on the quoted prices.

Level 2

Valuation
is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets
that are not active, prices quoted by market participants and prices derived from valuation models which use significant inputs
that are observable in active markets. Inputs used include interest rates, yield curves, volatilities, credit spreads, which are
available from public sources like Reuters, Bloomberg, Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India
Private Limited and Fixed Income Money Markets & Derivatives Association of India.

The products include
government securities, debentures and bonds, certificate of deposits, commercial papers, vanilla options, simple interest rate
derivatives, forwards, cross currency interest rate swaps, and swap options.

Level 3

Valuation is based on
valuation techniques or models which use significant market unobservable inputs or assumptions. Financial instruments are considered
Level 3 when their values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at
least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable or when determination of the fair value requires significant management
judgment or estimation. The valuation of exotic derivative products are done by sourcing counterparty quotes at month ends.

India-linked non-Rupee
denominated bonds price is valued by discounting cash flows using rates incorporating fair market spreads published by Bloomberg/
Reuters corresponding to the international foreign currency ratings of the issuer (capped at international sovereign rating). Some
bonds and asset backed commercial papers have been valued at amortized cost net of impairment or based on prices available from
Bloomberg which are developed using internal estimates and assumptions. A reduction in the expected cash flows of these instruments
will adversely impact the value of these bonds. Similarly an increase in the interest rates or credit spreads will have an adverse
impact on the value of these bonds. The value of retained interest in securitizations in Bank’s Canadian subsidiary, largely
representing the excess spread of mortgage interest over the rate of return on the mortgaged backed securities, is similarly impacted
by the amount and timing of cash flows from the underlying mortgage assets.

The Group values the
India linked credit derivatives at a combination of market quotes and cash flow discounting using spreads published by Fixed Income
Money Markets & Derivatives Association of India corresponding to the domestic ratings of the issuer which is then adjusted
with the additional spread mark ups depending on the liquidity of such financial instruments. In case of private equity investments,
the inputs used include the valuation multiples for comparable listed companies and adjustments for illiquidity and other factors.

F-
137

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The valuation of
Indian pass through certificates is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying trust would pay out. The
underlying trust/originator makes a number of assumptions with regard to various variables to arrive at the estimated flows.
The cash flow schedule received from the trust is discounted at the base yield curve rates and credit spreads published by
Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income Money Markets & Derivatives Association of India at month
ends. Accordingly, these instruments are classified as Level 3 instruments. A reduction in the estimated cash flows of these
instruments will adversely impact the value of these certificates. A change in the timing of these estimated cash flows will
also impact the value of these certificates.

The valuation of certain
loans, which have been fair valued as per ASC Subtopic 825-10, is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying borrowers
would pay out. The Bank makes a number of assumptions with regard to various variables to arrive at the estimated cash flows. The
cash flow schedule is discounted at the current interest rate, which the Bank is likely to offer for loan facilities to borrowers
in the similar rating grades, which are not market observable. Accordingly, these loans are classified as Level 3 assets. The value
of such loans will be impacted by changes in amount and timing of the estimated cash flows from the borrowers.

As per ASU No. 2015-07,
Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): ‘Disclosure for investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share’,
investments for which fair value is measured using net asset value as a practical expedient, are not required to be classified
under fair value hierarchy. Accordingly, venture fund units and security receipts are not included in fair value hierarchy.

The following table
sets forth, the information about the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March
31, 2019 and the level of inputs used to measure those products.

Rupees
in million

Description   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Investments
Equity shares   33,128.9   5,550.7   396.7   39,076.3
Government debt securities   175,559.0   1,512,979.3   ..   1,688,538.3
Corporate debt securities   177,659.9   182,126.0   2,325.3   362,111.2
Mortgage and other asset backed securities   ..   3,483.7   139,864.4   143,348.1
Others 1   66,991.7   106,140.1   1,622.2   174,754.0
Sub-total   453,339.5   1,810,279.8   144,208.6   2,407,827.9
Security receipts 2   16.8
Venture fund units 2   7,077.7
Total investments   2,414,922.4
Derivatives (positive mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   14.2   34,190.5   58.3   34,263.0
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   3,440.2   40,340.3   ..   43,780.5
Equity derivatives   4.9   ..   ..   4.9
Total positive mark-to-market   3,459.3   74,530.8   58.3   78,048.4
Derivatives (negative mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   (38.9   )   (33,998.6   )   (134.2   )   (34,171.7   )
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   (2,637.7   )   (39,920.4   )   ..   (42,558.1   )
Equity derivatives   (1.8   )   ..   ..   (1.8   )
Total negative mark-to-market   (2,678.4   )   (73,919.0   )   (134.2   )   (76,731.6   )
Borrowings
Bonds   ..   (367,578.7   )   ..   (367,578.7   )
Total borrowings   ..   (367,578.7   )   ..   (367,578.7   )
Loans
Loans   ..   ..   12,293.7   12,293.7
Total loans   ..   ..   12,293.7   12,293.7

1.   Includes primarily certificate of deposits, commercial
paper and mutual funds.

2.   Fair value for these investments has been estimated using
net asset value per unit as declared by investee entities as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35 – “Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures”. The fair value for these investments has not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy based on the
changes in ASC Subtopic 820-10-35-54B vide ASU No. 2015-07.

3.   Foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements,
swap options and exchange traded interest rate derivatives are included in interest rate derivatives.

4.   Foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate
swaps and foreign currency futures are included in currency derivatives.

F-
138

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, the information about the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March
31, 2018 and the level of inputs used to measure those products.

Rupees in million

Description   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Investments
Equity shares   44,154.7   246.9   387.1   44,788.7
Government debt securities   155,233.9   1,449,269.2   ..   1,604,503.1
Corporate debt securities   194,785.8   138,642.1   3,962.4   337,390.3
Mortgage and other asset backed securities   ..   3,797.7   122,799.9   126,597.6
Others 1   46,714.9   152,020.4   668.9   199,404.2
Sub-total   440,889.3   1,743,976.3   127,818.3   2,312,683.9
Security receipts 2   80.0
Venture fund units 2   5,827.6
Total investments   2,318,591.5
Derivatives (positive mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   7.2   19,592.1   75.5   19,674.8
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   1,211.7   41,374.8   ..   42,586.5
Equity derivatives   2.4   ..   ..   2.4
Total positive mark-to-market   1,221.3   60,966.9   75.5   62,263.7
Derivatives (negative mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   (24,259.5   )   (87.3   )   (24,346.8   )
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   (1,314.4   )   (34,695.5   )   ..   (36,009.9   )
Equity derivatives   (0.3   )   ..   ..   (0.3   )
Total negative mark-to-market   (1,314.7   )   (58,955.0   )   (87.3   )   (60,357.0   )
Borrowings
Bonds   ..   (389,996.2   )   ..   (389,996.2   )
Total borrowings   ..   (389,996.2   )   ..   (389,996.2   )
Loans
Loans   ..   ..   14,253.3   14,253.3
Total loans   ..   ..   14,253.3   14,253.3

1.   Includes primarily certificate of deposits, commercial
paper and mutual funds.

2.   Fair value for these investments has been estimated using
net asset value per unit as declared by investee entities as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35 – “Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures”. The fair value for these investments has not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy based on the
changes in ASC Subtopic 820-10-35-54B vide ASU No. 2015-07.

3.   Foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements,
swap options and exchange traded interest rate derivatives are included in interest rate derivatives.

4.   Foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate
swaps and foreign currency futures are included in currency derivatives.

The Group holds investments
in certain venture capital funds and security receipts. The fair value of these investments has been estimated using the net asset
value per unit as declared by such investee entities. The security receipts are issued by asset reconstruction companies with underlying
mainly as non-performing loans with objectives of gains through improvement in recoveries on these assets. The venture capital
fund units are issued by venture capital funds with underlying investment in equity shares and other instruments with the objective
of generating long term returns. Some of the venture capital funds have focused investments in real estate and infrastructure sectors.
The cash flow from these investments is expected to happen through distribution upon liquidation of the underlying assets by the
asset reconstruction companies/venture capital funds, with a maturity period ranging from 7-10 years. A reduction in the estimated
cash flows from the underlying assets or delays in collection of estimated cash flows will adversely impact the net asset values
and therefore the fair value of these investments.

F-
139

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Transfers between Levels of the fair
value hierarchy

Government securities
of Rs. 111.2 million and equity shares of Rs. 48.9 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 as these securities were valued
based on quoted prices in markets which were not active at March 31, 2019 as compared to valuation based on quoted prices in active
market at March 31, 2018. Corporate debt securities of Rs. 1,730.0 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 as these securities
were valued based on internal valuation techniques using market observable inputs at March 31, 2019 as compared to valuation based
on quoted price at March 31, 2018.

Equity shares of Rs.
1.5 million were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 as these securities were valued based on quoted prices in active market at
March 31, 2019 as compared to valuation based on quoted prices in markets which were not active at March 31, 2018.

Equity shares of Rs.
166.9 million were transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on internal valuation using
market observable inputs at March 31, 2019 as compared to valuation based on quoted prices in markets which were not active at
March 31, 2018.

Corporate debt securities
of Rs 139.3 million were transferred from Level 2 to level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on significant management
estimation or unobservable market inputs at March 31, 2019 as compared to valuation based on internal valuation techniques using
market observable inputs at March 31, 2018. Preference shares of Rs. 1,343.0 million were transferred from Level 2 to level 3 as
the valuation of these securities was done based on unobservable market inputs at March 31, 2019 as compared to valuation based
on quoted prices in markets which were not active at March 31, 2018.

Equity shares of Rs.
186.6 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was done based on unobservable market
inputs at March 31, 2019 as compared to valuation based on quoted prices in active market at March 31, 2018.

Equity shares of Rs.
2.2 million and preference shares of Rs. 3.9 million were moved out from Level 2 as these investments were accounted for at cost
at March 31, 2019.

Cost method equity shares
of Rs. 2,695.1 million were transferred to Level 2 as fair value of these securities was determined based on observable orderly
transactions for the identical securities in terms of ASC Topic 321, “Investments-Equity Securities”.

F-
140

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, certain
additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 assets for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Investments
Description   Equity shares   Corporate debt securities   Mortgage and other asset backed securities   Others   Total   Loans
Beginning balance at April 1, 2018   387.1   3,962.4   122,799.9   668.9   127,818.3   14,253.3
Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)
-Included in earnings   (333.3   )   3,939.3   28.5   (709.3   )   2,925.2   3,817.1
-Included in other comprehensive income   ..   359.7   2,701.2   342.0   3,402.9   ..
Purchases/additions   ..   777.3   85,504.6   ..   86,281.9   202.2
Sales   (28.4   )   (564.5   )   ..   ..   (592.9   )   (2,735.9   )
Issuances   ..   ..   1,030.3   ..   1,030.3   ..
Settlements   ..   (6,288.2   )   (72,249.7   )   (22.4   )   (78,560.3   )   (3,243.0   )
Transfers in Level 3   353.5   139.3   ..   1,343.0   1,835.8   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   17.8   ..   49.6   ..   67.4   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2019   396.7   2,325.3   139,864.4   1,622.2   144,208.6   12,293.7
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   (333.3   )   (1,025.5   )   ..   (709.2   )   (2,068.0   )   2,691.9

1.   Includes India-linked asset backed securities.

F-
141

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 assets for the year ended March 31, 2018.

Rupees in million

Investments
Description   Equity shares   Corporate debt securities   Mortgage and other asset backed securities   Others   Total   Loans
Beginning balance at April 1, 2017   1,220.4   7,698.8   138,513.2   32.6   147,465.0   31,252.0
Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)
-Included in earnings   (999.1   )   (6,017.4   )   (97.7   )   (454.6   )   (7,568.8   )   (7,267.6   )
-Included in other comprehensive income   (5.1   )   (570.6   )   (1,741.7   )   (15.2   )   (2,332.6   )   ..
Purchases/additions   121.5   3,099.8   57,496.7   ..   60,718.0   ..
Sales   (62.7   )   (22.7   )   ..   ..   (85.4   )   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   692.9   ..   692.9   ..
Settlements   ..   (1,365.2   )   (72,218.0   )   ..   (73,583.2   )   (16,467.5   )
Transfers in Level 3   111.0   1,106.2   ..   1,106.1   2,323.3   6,736.4
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   1.1   33.5   154.5   ..   189.1   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2018   387.1   3,962.4   122,799.9   668.9   127,818.3   14,253.3
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   (1,013.9   )   (2,804.1   )   ..   0.3   (3,817.7   )   (7,267.6   )

1.   Includes India-linked asset backed securities.

F-
142

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, certain additional information
about changes in the fair value of Level 3 derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Description   Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives   Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives)   Equity derivatives   Un-funded credit derivatives   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2018   (11.8   )   ..   ..   ..   (11.8   )
Total gains or losses(realized/unrealized)
-Included in earnings   (51.8   )   ..   ..   ..   (51.8   )
-Included in other comprehensive income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Purchases   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Settlements   99.2   ..   ..   ..   99.2
Transfers in Level 3   (111.5   )   ..   ..   ..   (111.5   )
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2019   (75.9   )   ..   ..   ..   (75.9   )
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   (71.1   )   ..   ..   ..   (71.1   )

F-
143

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 derivatives for the
year ended March 31, 2018.

Rupees in million

Description   Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives   Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives)   Equity derivatives   Un-funded credit derivatives   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2017   (12.1   )   ..   ..   ..   (12.1   )
Total gains or losses(realized/unrealized)
-Included in earnings   0.3   ..   ..   ..   0.3
-Included in other comprehensive income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Purchases   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Settlements   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Transfers in Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2018   (11.8   )   ..   ..   ..   (11.8   )
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   2.4   ..   ..   ..   2.4

F-
144

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

e)   Other than temporary impairment

The Group has determined
that certain unrealized losses on the Group’s investments in debt securities are temporary in nature. The Group conducts
a review each year to identify and evaluate investments that have indications of possible impairment. An investment in a debt security
is impaired if its fair value falls below its cost and accounting recognition of that decline in value is required if that decline
is considered other than temporary. Factors considered in determining whether a loss is temporary include the financial condition
and near term prospects of the issuer. The Group considers whether the investments have been identified for sale or whether it
is more likely than not that the Group will be required to sell the investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis less
any current period credit loss.

The following table
sets forth, the fair value of the investments in debt securities and unrealized loss position, which are considered as temporary
in nature at March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Description of securities   Less than 12 months   12 months or longer   Total
Fair Value   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Unrealized Losses
Corporate debt securities   7,474.9   (95.7   )   83,536.1   (1,629.7   )   91,011.0   (1,725.4   )
Government securities   84,155.6   (154.2   )   181,994.4   (2,578.3   )   266,150.0   (2,732.5   )
Other debt securities   23,739.8   (330.8   )   59,643.9   (1,777.4   )   83,383.7   (2,108.2   )
Total debt securities   115,370.3   (580.7   )   325,174.4   (5,985.4   )   440,544.7   (6,566.1   )

The following table
sets forth, the fair value of the investments in debt securities and unrealized loss position, which are considered as temporary
in nature at March 31, 2018.

Rupees in million

Description of securities   Less than 12 months   12 months or longer   Total
Fair Value   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Unrealized Losses
Corporate debt securities   53,426.2   (770.5   )   9,687.2   (206.7   )   63,113.4   (977.2   )
Government securities   751,793.8   (9,204.9   )   76,232.3   (3,147.2   )   828,026.1   (12,352.1   )
Other debt securities   86,865.3   (856.7   )   32,808.0   (1,251.4   )   119,673.3   (2,108.1   )
Total debt securities   892,085.3   (10,832.1   )   118,727.5   (4,605.3   )   1,010,812.8   (15,437.4   )

F-
145

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, the total other than temporary impairment recognized on debt securities during the year ended March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Description of securities   Other than temporary impairment losses related to securities that the group does not intend to sell nor will likely be required to sell
Total other than temporary impairment losses recognized during the year   Portion of other than temporary impairment losses recognized in OCI (before taxes)   Net other than temporary impairment losses recognized in earnings   Losses recognized in earnings for securities that the group intends to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell   Total losses recognized in earnings
Corporate debt securities   1,033.1   ..   1,033.1   564.7   1,597.8
Government securities   ..   ..   ..   86.8   86.8
Other debt securities   166.6   ..   166.6   5.3   171.9
Total   1,199.7   ..   1,199.7   656.8   1,856.5

The following table
sets forth, the total other than temporary impairment recognized on debt securities during the year ended March 31, 2018.

Rupees in million

Description of securities   Other than temporary impairment losses related to securities that the group does not intend to sell nor will likely be required to sell
Total other than temporary impairment losses recognized during the year   Portion of other than temporary impairment losses recognized in OCI (before taxes)   Net other than temporary impairment losses recognized in earnings   Losses recognized in earnings for securities that the group intends to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell   Total losses recognized in earnings
Corporate debt securities   5,542.2   ..   5,542.2   187.5   5,729.7
Government securities   ..   ..   ..   603.4   603.4
Other debt seurities   912.0   ..   912.0   58.4   970.4
Total   6,454.2   ..   6,454.2   849.3   7,303.5

The following table
sets forth, a 12-month roll forward of cumulative other than temporary impairment credit loss recognized in earnings for AFS debt
securities held at March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Balance at March 31, 2018   Credit impairments in earnings on securities not previously credit impaired   Credit impairments recognized in earnings on securities that have been previously credit impaired   Reduction due to sales or maturity of credit impaired securities   Balance at March 31, 2019
Corporate debt securities   7,240.0   924.0   109.1   3,093.0   5,180.1
Other debt securities   2,442.5   ..   166.6   606.3   2,002.8
Total   9,682.5   924.0   275.7   3,699.3   7,182.9

F-
146

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The
following table sets forth, a 12 month roll forward of cumulative other than temporary impairment credit loss recognized in earnings
for AFS debt securities held at March 31, 2018.

Rupees in million

Balance at March 31, 2017   Credit impairments in earnings on securities not previously credit impaired   Credit impairments recognized in earnings on securities that have been previously credit impaired   Reduction due to sales or maturity of credit impaired securities   Balance at March 31, 2018
Corporate debt securities   6,230.1   3,641.2   1,901.0   4,532.3   7,240.0
Other debt securities   2,247.7   147.7   764.3   717.2   2,442.5
Total   8,477.8   3,788.9   2,665.3   5,249.5   9,682.5

Certain investments
in debt securities with unrealized losses are not classified as other than temporarily impaired, since the Group has assessed that
the securities in an unrealized loss position have not been identified for sale and it is not more likely than not that the Group
will be required to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current period credit loss.

The Group also holds
certain debt investments with other than temporary impairment, which have not been identified for sale and it is not more likely
than not that the Group will be required to sell the securities before an anticipated recovery in value other than credit losses,
where the amount representing the credit losses is recognized in earnings and the amount of loss related to other factors is recognized
in other comprehensive income. The credit losses have been determined based on the difference of present value of expected future
cash flows of the securities and the amortized cost basis of such securities. The Group bases its estimates of future cash flows
on evaluation of the issuer’s overall financial condition, resources and payment record and the realizable value of any collateral,
third party guarantees or other credit enhancements.

At March 31, 2019,
the Group holds cost method equity investments amounting to Rs. 60,830.0 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 58,583.3 million). The fair
value for such securities has not been estimated in the absence of changes in circumstances that have a significant adverse effect
on the fair value of the investments. The Bank measured unquoted equity securities at fair value amounting to Rs. 25.5 million
at March 31, 2019 (March 31, 2018: Rs. 84.9 million) due to impairment recognition. The fair value of these securities was determined
based on level 3 inputs.

f)   Loans

The following table sets forth the recorded
investment in restructured loans at March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Total recorded investment in restructured loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in restructured loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans   222,575.8   148,649.3   41,959.2   264,535.0
Consumer loans   1,788.6   836.3   ..   1,788.6
Total   224,364.4   149,485.6   41,959.2   266,323.6

F-
147

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth the recorded
investment in restructured loans at March 31, 2018.

Rupees in million

Total recorded investment in restructured loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in restructured loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans   260,872.4   149,417.6   39,837.7   300,710.1
Consumer loans   1,625.5   808.8   ..   1,625.5
Total   262,497.9   150,226.4   39,837.7   302,335.6

The following table sets forth the recorded investment
in other impaired loans at March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Total recorded investment in other impaired loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in other impaired loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans   271,752.4   196,056.5   53,727.2   325,479.6
Consumer loans   69,161.4   35,381.0   ..   69,161.4
Total   340,913.8   231,437.5   53,727.2   394.641.0

The following table sets forth the recorded
investment in other impaired loans at March 31, 2018.

Rupees in million

Total recorded investment in other impaired loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in other impaired loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans   331,716.4   189,147.1   43,041.5   374,757.9
Consumer loans   56,205.9   26,189.2   52.0   56,257.9
Total   387,922.3   215,336.3   43,093.5   431,015.8

F-
148

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth the closing
balance of allowance for loan losses for restructured loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   148,649.3   ..   ..   148,649.3
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   836.3   ..   836.3
Total allowance for loan losses   148,649.3   836.3   ..   149,485.6
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   264,535.0   ..   ..   264,535.0
Collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   1,788.6   ..   1,788.6
Total recorded financing receivables   264,535.0   1,788.6   ..   266,323.6

The following table sets forth the closing
balance of allowance for loan losses for restructured loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2018.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   149,417.6   ..   ..   149,417.6
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   808.8   ..   808.8
Total allowance for loan losses   149,417.6   808.8   ..   150,226.4
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   300,710.1   ..   ..   300,710.1
Collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   1,625.5   ..   1,625.5
Total recorded financing receivables   300,710.1   1,625.5   ..   302,335.6

The following table sets forth the closing
balance of allowance for loan losses for other loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   196,056.5   1,425.1   ..   197,481.6
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   17,167.4   39,769.0   ..   56,936.4
Total allowance for loan losses   213,223.9   41,194.1   ..   254,418.0
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   325,479.6   1,685.6   ..   327,165.2
Collectively evaluated for impairment   2,637,902.8   3,452,968.8   1,417.8   6,092,289.4
Total recorded financing receivables   2,963,382.4   3,454,654.4   1,417.8   6,419,454.6

F-
149

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth the closing
balance of allowance for loan losses for other loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2018.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   189,147.1   1,784.9   ..   190,932.0
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   23,506.3   27,818.5   ..   51,324.8
Total allowance for loan losses   212,653.4   29,603.4   ..   242,256.8
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   374,757.9   2,271.2   ..   377,029.1
Collectively evaluated for impairment   2,332,086.8   2,798,442.8   1,136.8   5,131,666.4
Total recorded financing receivables   2,706,844.7   2,800,714.0   1,136.8   5,508,695.5

The following table
sets forth loans restructured during the year ended March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Restructured loans involving changes in the amount and/or timing of
Particulars   Number of borrowers whose loans are classified as restructured   Principal payments   Interest payments   Both principal and interest payments   Provision/(write-back) through P&L   Net restructured amount
Commercial loans   8   2,646.4   ..   8,746.0   791.8   9,410.0
Consumer loans   2,309   473.9   111.8   22.1   478.2   129.6
Total   2,317   3,120.3   111.8   8,768.1   1,270.0   9,539.6

The following table
sets forth loans restructured during the year ended March 31, 2018.

Rupees in million

Restructured loans involving changes in the amount and/or timing of
Particulars   Number of borrowers whose loans are classified as restructured   Principal Payments   Interest payments   Both principal and interest payments   Provision/(write-back) through P&L   Net restructured amount
Commercial loans   17   11,879.3   ..   10,821.5   (4,023.4   )   22,240.9
Consumer loans   369   42.9   14.3   33.2   35.9   54.5
Total   386   11,922.2   14.3   10,854.7   (3,987.5   )   22,295.4

F-
150

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth restructured loans at March 31, 2019 and 2018, as well as loans that were restructured during a fiscal year and defaulted
within the same or next fiscal year:

Rupees in million

Particulars   Balances at March 31, 2019   Payment default during the year ended March 31, 2019 1   Balances at March 31, 2018   Payment default during the year ended March 31, 2018 1
Commercial loans   264,535.0   4,224.0   300,710.1   17,042.1
Consumer loans   1,788.6   468.6   1,625.5   61.7
Total   266,323.6   4,692.6   302,335.6   17,103.8

 1. Default is defined as 90 days past due.

Additionally at
March 31, 2019, the Bank has outstanding loans amounting to Rs. 38,048.5 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 54,220.6 million) to
equity affiliates, where the Bank has opted for fair value accounting under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial
Instruments”. See also 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Additional information required under U.S. GAAP – Fair
value accounting of financial interests.

g)   Equity affiliates

Under U.S. GAAP, the
Group accounts for its ownership interest in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited (ICICI Life) by the equity method
of accounting because of substantive participative rights held by the minority shareholders.

The following tables
set forth, for the periods indicated, the summarized U.S. GAAP balance sheets and statements of operations of ICICI Life.

Rupees in million

At March 31,
Balance sheet   2019   2018
Cash and cash equivalents   20,066.6   11,970.8
Securities   466,450.7   396,393.6
Assets held to cover linked liabilities   1,109,451.0   975,011.6
Other assets   88,072.5   80,957.1
Total assets   1,684,040.8   1,464,333.1
Provision for linked liabilities   1,109,451.0   975,011.6
Other liabilities   479,518.2   401,098.9
Stockholders’ equity   95,071.6   88,222.6
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   1,684,040.8   1,464,333.1

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018
Interest income   63,824.0   56,993.6
Interest expense   ..   ..
Net interest income   63,824.0   56,993.6
Insurance premium   309,297.7   270,687.7
Other non-interest income   39,255.1   57,790.7
Non-interest expense   (398,598.5   )   (368,231.2   )
Income tax (expense)/benefit   (590.9   )   (1,026.6   )
Income/(loss), net   13,187.4   16,214.2

The aggregate market
value of the investment in shares of ICICI Life at March 31, 2019 based on quoted market prices was Rs. 265,876.7 million.

F-
151

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

h)   Insurance subsidiary/affiliate

Life insurance affiliate

The significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the life insurance affiliate are primarily on account of:

i)   Difference in policyholders’ liability and
unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost

Policyholders’
liability

Reserves under Indian
GAAP are held as per the requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development
Authority of India and Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India. Accordingly, the reserves are computed
using the Gross Premium Method (reserves are computed as the present value of future benefits including future bonuses and the
present value of expenses including overheads and are net of the present value of future total premiums, paid by policyholders).
The discount rates used are on prudent basis which change at every financial year end. Reserves under U.S. GAAP are valued using
the Modified Net Premium Method as per the valuation norms prescribed under U.S. GAAP. The liability under U.S. GAAP consists of
two parts, namely, policy reserves (comprising benefit reserve and maintenance expense reserve) and deferred premium liability.

The benefit reserve
is computed as the present value of guaranteed benefits less the present value of the net premium for benefits. The maintenance
expense reserve is computed as the present value of maintenance expenses less the present value of net premiums for maintenance
expenses. Deferred premium liability is held in accordance with ASC Topic 944-40-25-28 for products where the premium paying term
is shorter than the policy term so as to allow the emergence of the profits over the entire policy term. The discount rates used
for non-linked products represent best estimate with a provision for adverse deviation and are on locked-in basis, where the assumptions
change at every financial year end only for the new business sold with in the financial year. Under unit-linked products, the excess
of initial charges over ultimate charges is held as unearned revenue reserve to allow for the emergence of the profit over the
term of the policy. The discount rates used are on best estimate basis and change at every financial year end.

Unallocated policyholders’
surplus

Participating policyholders
are entitled to 90% of the surplus generated in the fund, which is given in the form of bonus.

Under Indian GAAP, based
on the recommendation of Appointed Actuary, 1/9
th
 of the bonus declared is transferred to the shareholders and remaining
surplus after the transfer is held back as Funds for future appropriation.

Under U.S. GAAP, 10%
of the surplus is transferred to shareholders and 90% is held back as unallocated policyholders’ surplus for participating
policyholders.

Amortization of deferred
acquisition cost

Under
Indian GAAP, acquisition cost is charged to the revenue account in the year in which it is incurred whereas under U.S. GAAP,
the acquistion costs that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts is
deferred over the policy term. The deferred acquisition costs are amortized in proportion to premium revenue recognition for
traditional insurance products and based on the estimated gross profits (EGP) for unit linked and universal life products as
per ASC Topic “Financial Services – Insurance”.

F-
152

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

ii)   Actuarial reserves on lapsed policies

Under U.S. GAAP, certain
actuarial reserves on lapsed policies created in earlier years are released through the profit and loss account. The release of
such actuarial reserves has been accounted as funds for future appropriations as a balance sheet item under Indian GAAP. After
expiry of reinstatement period, funds for future appropriation is released in profit and loss account on recommendation of Appointed
Actuary.

iii)   Compensation costs

Accounting for employee
stock options

Under Indian GAAP, stock
compensation costs are accounted for using the intrinsic value method as compared to U.S. GAAP where the compensation costs have
been accounted for based on fair value method.

Retirement benefit
cost

Under Indian GAAP, all
actuarial gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit
in the profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income.
Subsequently cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10% corridor is amortized
through profit and loss account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality fixed
income securities in U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on government securities under Indian GAAP.

iv)   Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio and
equity securities

Under Indian GAAP, accounting
for investments is in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, which
do not allow the unrealized gain to be routed through the revenue account except in the case of linked business. Under U.S. GAAP,
as per the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 320 “Investments-Debt”, unrealized gain/(loss) on investments classified
as held for trading” is taken to the profit and loss account. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gain/losses on equity securities
are recognized in profit and loss account from April 1, 2018, as per FASB ASC Topic 321, “Investments-Equity Securities”.

v)   Income taxes

The differences in the
accounting for income taxes are primarily on account of:

i)   Income tax impact of all U.S. GAAP adjustments.

F-
153

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the life insurance
affiliate.

Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Profit/(loss) as per Indian GAAP   11,389.3   16,191.7   16,816.6
Adjustments on account of
Difference in policyholders’ liability and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost   5,102.6   3,230.5   (7,594.2   )
Actuarial reserves on lapsed policies   (0.9   )   (0.1   )   (1,861.5   )
Compensation costs   (252.3   )   (72.7   )   53.5
Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio and equity securities   (2,890.0   )   (3,507.9   )   4,848.1
Income taxes benefit/(expense)   (97.3   )   369.8   (148.8   )
Others   (64.0   )   2.9   (54.0   )
Profit/(loss) as per U.S. GAAP   13,187.4   16,214.2   12,059.7

While
profit under Indian GAAP decreased from Rs. 16,191.7 million in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 11,389.3 million in fiscal 2019, profit under
U.S. GAAP decreased from Rs. 16,214.2 million in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 13,187.4 million in fiscal 2019.

In fiscal 2019, the policyholders’
liability and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost under U.S. GAAP was lower
by Rs 5,102.6 million (fiscal 2018: lower by Rs 3,230.5 million) as compared to Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2019, under U.S. GAAP, the
positive impact due to deferred acquisition cost increased from Rs. 3,640.4 million in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 4,463.4 million in fiscal
2019 primarily due to increase in commission expenses on acquisition of insurance policies. Further, in fiscal 2019, policyholders’
liability for protection line of business under Indian GAAP was higher as compared to U.S. GAAP due to the change in business mix.

The unrealized gain/(loss)
on trading portfolio and equity securities under U.S. GAAP amounted to an unrealized loss of Rs. 2,890.0 million in fiscal 2019,
of which an unrealized loss of Rs. 3,527.0 million pertained to the change in fair value of equity securities of other than trading
portfolio, which was recognized in income statement under U.S. GAAP on adoption of ASC Topic 321, “Investments-Equity Securities”
from April 1, 2018.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of income taxes in net income reconciliation of the life insurance affiliate.

Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Income tax impact of U.S. GAAP adjustments   (97.3   )   369.8   (148.8   )
Total differences in income taxes   (97.3   )   369.8   (148.8   )

F-
154

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

General insurance
subsidiary

The significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the general insurance subsidiary are primarily on account of:

i)   Provision for reinsurance commission

Under
Indian GAAP, reinsurance commission on business ceded is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk. Under U.S.
GAAP, proceeds from reinsurance transactions that represent recovery of acquisition costs are reduced from unamortized acquisition
costs in such a manner that net acquisition costs are capitalized and charged to expense in proportion to net revenue recognized
over the related policy period.

ii)   Amortization of deferred acquisition costs

Under Indian GAAP, acquisition
cost is charged as expense to the revenue account in the year in which it is incurred whereas under U.S. GAAP, the same is capitalized
and charged to expense in proportion to premium revenue recognized as per ASC Topic 944 “Financial Services-Insurance”.
Accordingly, only certain acquisition costs specified in Accounting Standards Update 2010-26 have been deferred that are related
directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts.

iii)   Premium deficiency

Under Indian
GAAP, premium deficiency is recognized if the sum of the expected claims costs, related expenses and maintenance costs exceed related
unearned premiums. Under Indian GAAP, for assessment of premium deficiency, line of business are segmented under “Fire”,
“Marine”, “Miscellaneous” segments (uptill fiscal 2015 premium deficiency was assessed at the Company level).
Under U.S. GAAP premium deficiency is assessed for each line of business and recognized in the revenue account if the sum of expected
claim costs and claims adjustment expenses, expected dividends to policyholders, un-amortized acquisition costs and maintenance
costs exceed related unearned premiums.

A premium deficiency
is recognized by first charging un-amortized acquisition costs to expense, to the extent required to eliminate the deficiency.
If the premium deficiency is greater than un-amortized acquisition costs, a liability for the excess deficiency is required to
be accrued.

iv)   Compensation costs

Accounting for employee
stock options

Under Indian GAAP, stock
compensation costs are accounted for by the intrinsic value method as compared to U.S. GAAP where the compensation costs have been
accounted for at the fair value method in accordance with the requirement of FASB ASC Topic 718 “Compensation-Stock Compensation”.

Retirement benefit
cost

Under Indian GAAP, all
actuarial gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit
in the profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive
Income. Subsequently cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above
10% corridor is amortized through profit and loss account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked
to yield on high quality fixed income securities in U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on government securities under Indian GAAP.

F-
155

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

v)   Mark to market on equity investments

Under Indian GAAP, all
unrealized gains/ (losses) on equity investments are recognized through reserves. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains/ (losses)
on equity investments are recognized through income statement in accordance with the requirement of Accounting Standards Update
No 2016-01 on Financial Instruments- Overall (Subtopic 825-10).

vi)   Income
                                         taxes

The differences in the
accounting for  income taxes are primarily on account of:

i.   Income tax impact of U.S. GAAP adjustments.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the details of the significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for the general
insurance subsidiary.

Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Profit as per Indian GAAP   10,492.6   8,617.8   7,018.8
Adjustments on account of
Provision for reinsurance commission   (1,081.0   )   (1,993.8   )   (1,663.2   )
Amortization of deferred acquisition costs   2,171.3   2,139.2   683.9
Premium deficiency   (2.7   )   20.5   (20.5   )
Compensation costs   (115.8   )   16.3   48.5
Unrealized gain/(loss) on equity investments   (3,952.5   )   ..   ..
Income tax benefit/(expense)   986.7   (42.7   )   346.8
Others   (19.3   )   (0.5   )   (51.4   )
Profit/(Loss) as per U.S. GAAP   8,479.3   8,756.8   6,362.9

Reinsurance
commission on business ceded is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk under Indian GAAP and recognized over
the related policy period under U.S. GAAP. Adjustments on account of provision for reinsurance commission decreased from Rs. 1,993.8
million in fiscal 2018 to Rs. 1,081.0 million in fiscal 2019 primarily due to decrease in re-insurance commission on retail health
contracts.

In fiscal 2019, unrealized
loss on equity shares amounting to Rs. 3,952.5 million was recorded through income statement in U.S. GAAP on adoption of ASU Topic
321. Prior to fiscal 2019, equity investments were classified as available-for-sale and unrealized gain/(loss) on equity securities
were recorded through other comprehensive income.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of income taxes in net income reconciliation of the general insurance subsidiary.

Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Income tax impact of U.S. GAAP adjustments   986.7   (42.7   )   346.8
Total differences in  income
    taxes   986.7   (42.7   )   346.8

F-
156

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

i)   Goodwill and intangible assets

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of goodwill and intangible assets, by category under U.S. GAAP
.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018
Goodwill   177,998.3   177,998.3
Accumulated amortization   (54.0   )   (54.0   )
Goodwill, net (A)   177,944.3   177,944.3
Asset management and advisory intangibles (B)   367.0   367.0
Customer-related intangibles   25,020.1   25,020.1
Accumulated amortization   (13,474.1   )   (11,723.3   )
Customer-related intangibles net (C)   11,546.0   13,296.8
Brand   943.0   943.0
Accumulated amortization   (110.0   )   (47.2   )
Brand net (D)   833.0   895.9
Goodwill and intangible assets, net (A+B+C+D)   190,690.3   192,504.0

1.
See also “Schedule 18 -	Fixed assets”.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in goodwill under U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018
Opening balance   177,944.3   35,047.4
Goodwill addition during the period   ..   142,896.9
Goodwill disposed off during the period   ..   ..
Closing balance   177,944.3   177,944.3

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in intangible assets under U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018
Opening balance   14,192.7   12.9
Additions   ..   15,553.0
Amortization   (1,813.7   )   (1,373.2   )
Disposal   ..   ..
Closing balance   12,379.0   14,192.7

F-
157

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the estimated amortization schedule for intangible assets under U.S. GAAP, on a straight
line basis, for the next five years.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31   Amount
2020   1,813.7
2021   1,813.7
2022   1,451.4
2023   1,330.7
2024   1,330.7
Thereafter   4,638.8
Total   12,379.0

The Group has assigned
goodwill to reporting units. The Group tests its goodwill for impairment on an annual basis at a reporting unit level. The fair
value of the reporting units was derived by applying a comparable companies earnings multiple method. Under this method, the fair
value of the reporting unit is arrived at by multiplying future maintainable profits of the reporting unit with price earning multiple.
Based on the fair valuation, no goodwill impairment was recorded during the year ended March 31, 2019. Any deterioration in the
variables used in determination of fair values of the reporting units could significantly affect the impairment evaluation and
the results. The goodwill present in the Wholesale reporting unit may be particularly sensitive to further deterioration in economic
conditions. If the future were to differ adversely from management’s estimate of key assumptions, there could potentially
arise an indication of impairment with respect to Rs.14,482.3 million of goodwill in Wholesale reporting unit.

j)   Employee benefits

Gratuity

In accordance with Indian
regulations, the Group provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan covering all employees. The plan provides a lump
sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death or termination of employment based on the respective employee’s salary
and the years of employment with the Group. The gratuity benefit provided by the Group to its employees is equal to or greater
than the statutory minimum.

In respect of the parent
company, the gratuity benefit is provided to the employee through a fund administered by a Board of Trustees and managed by ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. The parent company is responsible for settling the gratuity obligation through contributions
to the fund.

In respect of the remaining
entities within the Group, the gratuity benefit is provided through annual contributions to a fund administered and managed by
Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. Under this scheme, the settlement
obligation and contribution to be paid remains with the Group, although LIC and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
administer the scheme.

F-
158

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the funded status of the plans and the amounts recognized in the financial statements.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018
Change in benefit obligations
Projected benefit obligations at the beginning of the year   10,546.0   9,066.8
Add: Adjustment for exchange fluctuation on opening obligations   3.0   0.4
Adjusted opening obligations   10,549.0   9,067.2
Service cost   1,109.2   997.8
Interest cost   850.7   751.2
Acquisition/(Divestitures)   33.2   549.6
Past service cost   ..   16.1
Benefits paid   (1,047.6   )   (934.1   )
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligations   (163.5   )   98.2
Projected benefit obligations at the end of the year   11,331.0   10,546.0
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year   9,895.2   8,920.6
Acquisition/(Divestitures)   33.2   576.1
Actual return on plan assets   735.6   635.3
Employer contributions   1,335.1   697.3
Benefits paid   (1,047.6   )   (934.1   )
Plan assets at the end of the year   10,951.5   9,895.2
Funded status   (379.5   )   (650.8   )
Amount recognized, net   (379.5   )   (650.8   )
Accumulated benefit obligation at year-end   7,106.8   6,673.2

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of the net gratuity cost.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Service cost   1,109.2   997.8   771.3
Interest cost   850.7   751.2   672.0
Expected return on plan assets   (797.0   )   (759.1   )   (547.1   )
Amortization of transition asset/liability   ..   ..   ..
Amortization of prior service cost   8.4   5.5   5.4
Amortized actuarial (gain)/loss   14.8   23.2   28.4
Acquisition and divestiture (gain)/loss   ..   ..   ..
Exchange gain/(loss)   3.0   0.4   (2.7   )
Gratuity cost, net 1   1,189.1   1,019.0   927.3

1.
For the year ended March 31, 2018, includes Rs. 17.5 million relating to pre-acquisition cost of ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited.

The discount rate for
the corresponding tenure of obligations for gratuity is selected by reference to local government security yield with a premium
added to reflect the additional risk for AAA rated corporate bonds.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost
.

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Discount rate   7.8   %   7.7   %   8.4   %
Rate of increase in the compensation levels   7.2   %   7.2   %   7.1   %
Rate of return on plan assets   8.0   %   8.0   %   8.0   %

F-
159

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations.

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018
Discount rate   8.3   %   7.9   %
Rate of increase in the compensation levels   7.2   %   7.2   %

Plan assets

The Group determines
its assumptions for the expected rate of return on plan assets based on the expected average long-term rate of return over the
next 7 to 8 years.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s asset allocation for gratuity by asset category based on fair values.

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
2019   2018
Assets category
Investment in schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
Group balance fund 1   9,246.4   9,003.4
Group growth fund 2   164.9   133.8
Group debt fund 3   5.6   1.2
Group short-term fund 4   189.0   70.6
Total investment in schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   9,605.9   9,209.0
Investment in scheme of Life Insurance Corporation of India   244.3   236.9
Total assets managed by external entities   9,850.2   9,445.9
Special deposit with central government   290.6   291.9
Government debt securities   24.7   26.8
Corporate debt securities   39.6   55.8
Balance with banks and others   746.4   74.8
Total   10,951.5   9,895.2

1.   Objective of the scheme is to provide a balance between long-term capital appreciation and current
income through investment in equity as well as fixed income instruments in appropriate proportions depending on market conditions
prevalent from time to time. At March 31, 2019, investment in corporate bonds, government securities/treasury bills, equity and
fixed deposits were 53.5%, 25.2%, 15.4% and 0.3% respectively.

2.   Objective of the scheme is to primarily generate long-term capital appreciation through investment
in equity and equity related securities and complement it with current income through investment in fixed income instruments in
appropriate proportions depending on market conditions prevalent from time to time. At March 31, 2019, investment in equity, corporate
bonds and government securities/treasury bills were 53.5%, 26.7% and 15.4% respectively.

3.   Objective of the scheme is to provide accumulation of income through investment in various fixed
income securities. The Fund seeks to provide capital appreciation while maintaining suitable balance between return, safety and
liquidity. At March 31, 2019, investment in corporate bonds and government securities/treasury bills were 69.2% and 26.6% respectively.

4.   Objective of the scheme is to provide suitable returns through low risk investments in debt and
money market instruments while attempting to protect the capital deployed in the fund. At March 31, 2019, investment in money market
instruments and corporate bonds were 76.1% and 23.7% respectively.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s target asset allocation for gratuity by asset category.

Description   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2020   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2019
Funds managed by external entities   97   %   96   %
Special deposit with central government   2   %   3   %
Debt securities   1   %   1   %
Total   100   %   100   %

F-
160

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The plan assets primarily
consist of investments made in funds managed by external entities, which are primarily in equity, money market instruments and
debt instruments in different proportions depending on the objective of schemes. The value of the plan assets in funds managed
by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited has been arrived at based on the net asset value per unit of individual schemes,
which are considered as Level 2 input. The value of plan assets in the form of investments in scheme of LIC and special deposit
with the Central Government are recorded at carrying value. The value of plan assets in the form of debt securities is derived
using Level 2 input.

ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited administers the plan fund and it independently determines the target allocation by asset category. The
investment strategy is to invest in a prudent manner for providing benefits to the participants of the scheme. The strategies are
targeted to produce a return that, when combined with the Group’s contribution to the funds will maintain the fund’s
ability to meet all required benefit obligations. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited functions within the regulated
investment norms.

LIC administers the
plan fund and it independently determines the target allocation by asset category. The selection of investments and the asset category
is determined by LIC. The investment strategy is to invest in a prudent manner to produce a return that will enable the fund to
meet the required benefit obligations. LIC, which is owned by Government of India, functions within regulated investment norms.

The plan assets are
mainly invested in various gratuity schemes of the insurance companies to limit the impact of individual investment. The Group’s
entire investment of plan assets is in India and 93.1% of investment is in various gratuity schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited. Insurers managing the plan assets of the Group consider operational risk, performance risk, credit risk and equity
risk in their investment policy as part of their risk management practices.

The following table
sets forth, the benefit expected to be paid in each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter.

Rupees in million

Amount
Expected Group contributions to the fund during the year ending March 31, 2020   1,018.0
Expected benefit payments from the fund during year ending March 31,
2020   1,702.6
2021   1,492.7
2022   1,560.8
2023   1,644.0
2024   1,701.5
Thereafter upto 10 years   8,796.1

The expected benefits
are based on the same assumptions as used to measure the Group’s benefit obligation at March 31, 2019.

Pension

The Group provides for
pension, a deferred retirement plan covering certain employees. The plan provides for a pension payment on a monthly basis to these
employees on their retirement based on the respective employee’s salary and years of employment with the Group. Employees
covered by the pension plan are not eligible for benefits under the provident fund plan. The pension plan pertained to the employees
of erstwhile Bank of Madura, erstwhile Sangli Bank and erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan which were acquired with effect from March 2001,
April 2007 and August 2010 respectively. The Group makes contribution to a trust which administers the funds on its own account
or through insurance companies.

F-
161

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the funded status of the plan and the amounts recognized in the financial statements.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018
Change in benefit obligations
Projected benefit obligations at beginning of the year   14,722.4   14,810.7
Service cost   222.1   243.8
Interest cost   1,123.6   1,115.6
Liability extinguished on settlement   (1,833.7   )   (1,399.0   )
Benefits paid   (176.8   )   (122.1   )
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligations   532.9   73.4
Projected benefit obligations at the end of the year   14,590.5   14,722.4
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of the year   16,303.7   16,888.1
Actual return on plan assets   1,255.2   983.8
Assets distributed on settlement   (2,037.4   )   (1,554.5   )
Employer contributions   94.1   108.4
Benefits paid   (176.8   )   (122.1   )
Plan assets at the end of the year   15,438.8   16,303.7
Funded status   848.3   1,581.3
Net amount recognized   848.3   1,581.3
Accumulated benefit obligation at year end   13,629.4   13,639.3

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of the net pension cost.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Service cost   222.1   243.8   239.4
Interest cost   1,123.6   1,115.6   1,112.0
Expected return on assets   (1,381.1   )   (1,433.4   )   (1,143.2   )
Curtailment and settlement (gain)/loss ..   203.7   155.4   131.4
Actuarial (gain)/loss   1,210.3   1,240.4   1,296.9
Net pension cost   1,378.6   1,321.8   1,636.5

The discount rate for
the corresponding tenure of obligations for pension is selected by reference to government security yield with a premium added
to reflect the additional risk corresponding to AAA rated corporate bonds.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost.

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Discount rate   7.8   %   7.7   %   8.4   %
Rate of increase in the compensation levels
On basic pay   1.5   %   1.5   %   1.5   %
On dearness relief   7.0   %   7.0   %   7.0   %
Rate of return on plan assets   8.0   %   8.0   %   8.0   %
Pension increases (applicable on basic pension)   7.0   %   7.0   %   7.0   %

F-
162

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations.

Year ended March 31
2019   2018
Discount rate   8.1   %   7.8   %
Rate of increase in the compensation levels
On basic pay   1.5   %   1.5   %
On dearness relief   7.0   %   7.0   %
Pension increases (applicable on basic pension)   7.0   %   7.0   %

The
Bank provides for pension to the employees of erstwhile Bank of Madura, erstwhile Sangli Bank and erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan
which were acquired by the Bank in past. The compensation escalation rate eligible for pension was determined at the time of acquisition
and the same escalation rate is consistently considered for computation of benefit obligations and periodic cost.

Plan Assets

The Group determines
its assumptions for the expected rate of return on plan assets based on the expected average long-term rate of return over the
next 7 to 8 years.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s asset allocation and target asset allocation for pension by asset category
based on fair values.

Rupees in million

Asset category   Fair value at March 31, 2019   Fair value at March 31, 2018   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2020   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2019
Government debt securities   7,661.9   7,985.9   50   %   48   %
Corporate debt securities   7,481.6   8,092.7   44   %   42   %
Balance with banks and others   295.3   225.1   6   %   10   %
Total   15,438.8   16,303.7   100   %   100   %

The inputs to valuation
of the government and corporate securities are derived using Level 2 inputs.

The Group’s entire
investment of plan assets are in India and invested in government securities, corporate bonds and equity traded funds. Trustees
manage the plan assets of the Group by investing in above securities as per the investment pattern and guidelines prescribed under
the Indian income tax law. Securities are purchased after considering credit rating, comparative yields and tenure of investment.

The following table
sets forth, the benefit expected to be paid in each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter.

Rupees
in million

Amount
Expected Group contributions to the fund during the year ending March 31, 2020   1,000.0
Expected benefit payments from the fund during the year ending March 31,
2020   982.2
2021   1,209.1
2022   1,178.9
2023   1,223.4
2024   1,145.7
Thereafter upto 10 years   4,745.6

F-
163

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The expected benefits
are based on the same assumption as used to measure the Group’s benefit obligation at March 31, 2019.

k)   Income taxes

Components of deferred
tax balances

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, components of the deferred tax balances.

Rupees in million

At March 31,
2019   2018
Deferred tax assets
Allowance for loan losses   130,163.7   123,294.1
Equity and debt securities   43.3   4,623.1
Unearned income   1,855.0   2,251.2
Business and capital loss carry forwards   5,442.7   4,940.3
Fair value accounting of financial interests   10,750.7   14,986.4
Investments in affiliates and subsidiaries   24,576.0   30,275.1
Reserve for unexpired risks   2,396.0   1,358.5
Others   3,700.9   3,498.0
178,928.3   185,226.7
Valuation allowance   (2,948.4   )   (3,477.7   )
Total deferred tax assets   175,979.9   181,749.0
Deferred tax liabilities
Equity and debt securities   (1,784.4   )   (243.6   )
Property and equipment   (6,132.9   )   (6,362.6   )
Investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates   (6,208.9   )   (6,494.0   )
Amortization of fees and costs   (5,025.9   )   (4,426.0   )
Intangibles   (4,325.7   )   (4,959.5   )
Non-banking assets   (6,837.0   )   (3,679.4   )
Interest on income tax refunds   (2,632.6   )   (1,077.1   )
Others   (2,033.5   )   (1,674.5   )
Total deferred tax liabilities   (34,980.9   )   (28,916.7   )
Net deferred tax assets   140,999.0   152,832.3

In assessing the realizability
of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income
during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax liabilities, the projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the level
of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable incomes over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible,
management believes that it is more likely than not that the Group will realize the benefits of those deductible differences, net
of the existing valuation allowances at March 31, 2018 and 2019. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however
could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income are reduced.

The Indian statutory
tax rate was 34.94%, 34.61% and 34.61% for the year ended March 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 respectively including surcharge and education
cess.

F-
164

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Reconciliation of
tax rates

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of expected income taxes at the Indian statutory income tax rate to reported
income tax expense/(benefit).

Rupees in million

Year
ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Income/(loss) before income tax expense including non-controlling interest from operations
In India   170,007.4   199,545.8   106,771.3
Outside India   (15,402.8   )   (21,915.5   )   (33,528.7   )
Total   154,604.6   177,630.3   73,242.6
Statutory tax rate   34.94   %   34.61   %   34.61   %
Income tax expense/(benefit) at the statutory tax rate   54,025.0   61,474.3   25,347.8
Increases/(reductions) in taxes on account of:
Special tax deductions available to financial institutions/insurance companies   (1,864.1   )   (2,116.0   )   (1,179.0   )
Exempt interest and dividend income   (2,005.6   )   (3,389.6   )   (4,097.3   )
Income charged at rates other than statutory tax rate 1   (3,724.0   )   (1,229.2   )   (14,853.1   )
Changes in the statutory tax rate   ..   (1,607.2   )   ..
Expenses disallowed for tax purposes..   1,544.9   2,480.9   2,392.9
Tax on undistributed earnings of subsidiaries, branches and affiliates   (310.5   )   (41.2   )   (447.6   )
Change in valuation allowance 2   (529.3   )   (2,059.9   )   3,102.0
Tax adjustments in respect of prior year tax assessments.   (1,141.9   )   (98.1   )   18.9
Tax on investments in subsidiaries and affiliates 3 .   6,351.0   (29,039.5   )   2,341.1
Others 4   (880.9   )   (32,053.5   )   (4,146.3   )
Income tax expense/(benefit) reported   51,464.6   (7,679.0   )   8,479.3
Current tax expense
In India   46,032.6   38,030.9   28,218.7
Outside India   1,744.3   1,890.0   1,069.3
Total   47,776.9   39,920.9   29,288.0
Deferred tax (benefit)/expense
In India   3,017.4   (46,696.2   )   (20,737.2   )
Outside India   670.3   (903.7   )   (71.5   )
Total   3,687.7   (47,599.9   )   (20,808.7   )

1.   During fiscal 2017, the Bank sold part of its investment
in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited in the initial public offer. The gain of Rs. 47,491.1 million on such sale
was  taxable at Nil rate. The tax effect of Rs. (16,345.7) million on the gain was considered in this line item.

2.   The Bank had created valuation allowance on deferred
tax asset on carried forward capital losses in fiscal 2017. Due to changes in tax laws in fiscal 2018, the long term gains on
equity  shares after April 1, 2018 are taxable and the carried forward losses are eligible for set-off against these gains.
Accordingly, the Bank reversed the valuation allowance created on  deferred tax asset on carried forward losses.

3.   During fiscal 2018, the Bank had recognized a deferred
tax asset amounting to Rs. 30,057.2 million on investment in its equity affiliate.

4.   During fiscal 2018, includes tax effect of Rs. (35,201.4)
million on gains due to remeasurement of equity interest in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

F-
165

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth
the details of carry forward losses at March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Expiry period   Bank   Subsidiaries   Overseas branches
Capital loss carry forward
April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2024   ..   1,001.0   ..
April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2029   15,601.1   825.2   ..
Total capital loss carry forward   15,601.1   1,826.2   ..
Business loss carry forward
April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2024   ..   57.5   199.6
April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2029   ..   688.7   5.3
April 1, 2029 to March 31, 2034   ..   276.5   5,466.4
April 1, 2034 to March 31, 2039   ..   23.2   ..
Indefinite period   ..   6,128.4   ..
Total business loss carry forward   ..   7,174.3   5,671.3

Accounting for uncertainty in income taxes

The Group has a policy
to include interest and penalties on income taxes, if any, within interest expense or income and income tax expense respectively.
However, no interest expense has been recognized in view of the adequate taxes paid by the Group in respect of unrecognized tax
benefits. No penalties have been accrued as of March 31, 2019, as the Group believes that the tax positions taken have met the
minimum statutory requirements to avoid payment of penalties.

The Group has recognized
income with respect to interest accrued or received on tax refunds due to the Group against favourable orders received from tax
authorities amounting to Rs. 4,797.4 million, Rs. 2,681.7 million and Rs. 4,526.8 million during the year ended March 31, 2019,
2018 and 2017 respectively. Further, the Group does not recognize the interest income accrued on advance income taxes paid against
various income tax matters until the related matter is resolved with the taxing authority. Unrecognized interest on such advance
income taxes paid is Rs. 10,800.9 million, Rs. 18,129.9 million, and Rs. 14,486.2 million at March 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017
respectively.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Beginning balance   30,495.3   29,788.1   27,578.6
Increases related to prior year tax positions   269.3   ..   ..
Increases related to current year tax positions   1,439.6   1,922.5   2,209.6
Decreases related to prior year tax positions   (3,501.8   )   (1,215.3   )   (0.1   )
Ending balance   28,702.4   30,495.3   29,788.1

The Group’s total
unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce income tax expense and thereby would affect the Group’s effective
tax rate.

The Group’s major
tax jurisdiction is India and the assessments are not yet completed for fiscal 2016 and onwards. However, appeals filed by the
Group are pending with various local tax authorities in India from fiscal 1993 onwards.

Significant changes
in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated as the changes would depend
upon the progress of tax examinations with various tax authorities.

l)   Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share
is net income per weighted average equity shares. Diluted earnings per share reflects the effect that existing options would have
on the basic earnings per share if they were to be exercised, by increasing the number of equity shares.

F-
166

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The basic and diluted
earnings per share under U.S. GAAP differs to the extent that income under U.S. GAAP differs.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the computation of earnings per share as per U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million,
except per share data

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Basic   Diluted   Basic   Diluted   Basic   Diluted
Earnings
Net income attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders (before dilutive impact)   94,949.7   94,949.7   178,680.3   178,680.3   62,399.4   62,399.4
Contingent issuances of subsidiaries/equity affiliates   ..   (73.0   )   ..   (22.7   )   ..   (39.7   )
94,949.7   94,876.7   178,680.3   178,657.6   62,399.4   62,359.7
Common stock
Weighted-average common stock outstanding   6,436.0   6,436.0   6,417.2   6,417.2   6,401.8   6,401.8
Dilutive effect of employee stock options   ..   58.2   ..   45.2   ..   24.3
Total   6,436.0   6,494.2   6,417.2   6,462.4   6,401.8   6,426.1
Earnings per share (Rs.)   14.75   14.61   27.84   27.65   9.75   9.70

m)   Comprehensive income

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, details of comprehensive income.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2019   2018   2017
Net income/(loss) (net of tax) excluding non-controlling interest   94,949.7   178,680.3   62,399.4
Other Comprehensive Income:
Net unrealized gain/(loss) on securities, net of realization & others (net of tax) 1   12,749.9   (23,759.7   )   19,021.7
Translation adjustments (net of tax) 2   (828.9   )   32.0   (820.5   )
Employee accounting for deferred benefit pensions and other post retirement benefits (net of tax) 3   426.4   368.0   333.7
Comprehensive income attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   107,297.1   155,320.6   80,934.3
Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests   8,280.8   5,429.3   2,428.7
Total comprehensive income   115,577.9   160,749.9   83,363.0

1.   Net of tax effect of Rs. (8,657.3) million, Rs. 11,430.1
million and Rs. (4,899.7) million for the year ended March 31, 2019, March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 respectively.

2.   Net of tax effect of Rs. 514.4 million, Rs. (197.7) million
and Rs. 39.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2019, March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 respectively.

3.   Net of tax effect of Rs. (229.1) million, Rs. (150.8)
million and Rs. (176.6) million for the year ended March 31, 2019, March 31, 2018 and March 31, 2017 respectively.

n)   Guarantees

As a part of its project-financing
and commercial banking activities, the Group has issued guarantees to enhance the credit standing of its customers. These generally
represent irrevocable assurances that the Group will make payments in the event that the customer fails to fulfill its financial
or performance obligations. Financial guarantees are obligations to pay a third party beneficiary where a customer fails to make
payment towards a specified financial obligation. Performance guarantees are obligations to pay a third party beneficiary where
a customer fails to perform a non-financial contractual obligation. The guarantees are generally for a period not exceeding 10
years.

F-
167

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The credit risks associated
with these products, as well as the operating risks, are similar to those relating to other types of financial instruments. The
current carrying amount of the liability for the Group’s obligations under the guarantees at March 31, 2019 amounted to Rs.
4,563.2 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 4,497.9 million).

The following table
sets forth, the details of guarantees outstanding at March 31, 2019.

Rupees in million

Nature of guarantee   Maximum potential amount of future payments under guarantee
Less than 1 year   1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Financial guarantees   348,077.7   95,646.4   22,951.9   5,922.9   472,598.9
Performance guarantees   398,699.3   233,193.1   73,251.0   22,229.8   727,373.2
Total guarantees   746,777.0   328,839.5   96,202.9   28,152.7   1,199,972.1

The following table sets forth, the details of guarantees
outstanding at March 31, 2018.

Rupees in million

Nature of guarantee   Maximum potential amount of future payments under guarantee
Less than 1 year   1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Financial guarantees   308,694.6   104,816.8   19,412.2   7,688.3   440,611.9
Performance guarantees   346,621.0   209,461.0   73,059.3   21,134.0   650,275.3
Total guarantees   655,315.6   314,277.8   92,471.5   28,822.3   1,090,887.2

The
Group has collateral available to reimburse potential losses on its guarantees. At March 31, 2019, margins in the form of cash
and fixed deposit available to the Group to reimburse losses realized under guarantees amounted to Rs. 130,353.8 million (March
31, 2018: Rs. 137,412.8 million). Other property or security may also be available to the Group to cover losses under these guarantees.

Performance risk

For each corporate borrower,
a credit rating is assigned at the time the exposure is being evaluated for approval and the rating is reviewed periodically thereafter.
At the time of assigning a credit rating, the possibility of non-performance or non-payment is evaluated. Additionally, an assessment
of the borrower's capacity to repay obligations in the event of invocation is also evaluated. Thus, a comprehensive risk assessment
is undertaken at the time of sanctioning such exposures.

23.   Regulatory matters

Statutory liquidity
requirement

In accordance with the
Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the Bank is required to maintain a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities by
way of liquid unencumbered assets like cash, gold and approved securities. The amount of securities required to be maintained at
March 31, 2019 was Rs. 1,261,189.5 million (March 31, 2018: Rs. 1,098,009.3 million), and the Bank complied with the requirement
throughout the year.

F-
168

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Capital Adequacy

The Bank was subject
to Basel II capital adequacy guidelines stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India till March 31, 2013.

During fiscal
2013, the Reserve Bank of India issued final Basel III guidelines, applicable with effect from April 1, 2013 in a phased
manner through till March 31, 2020. At March 31, 2019, the Bank is required to maintain minimum Common Equity Tier-1 capital
ratio of 7.525%, minimum Tier-1 capital ratio of 9.025% and minimum total capital ratio of 11.025%. The minimum total capital
requirement includes capital conservation buffer of 1.875% and additional Common Equity Tier-1 capital surcharge of 0.15% on
account of the Bank being designated as a Domestic Systemically Important Bank. Under Pillar 1 of RBI guidelines on Basel
III, the Bank follows the standardised approach for measurement of credit risk, standardised duration method for measurement
of market risk and basic indicator approach for measurement of operational risk.

The total capital adequacy
ratio of the Bank calculated in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on Basel III at March 31, 2019 was 16.89%
(March 31, 2018: 18.42%). These are based on unconsolidated financial statements as per Indian GAAP.

/s/ Sandeep Bakhshi Managing Director &
        CEO   /s/ Sandeep Batra Executive Director (Designate)
/s/ Rakesh Jha Group Chief Financial
        Officer   /s/ Ranganath Athreya Company Secretary
/s/ Ajay Mittal Chief Accountant

Mumbai

July 31, 2019

F-
169
