
20-F

1

dp231278_20f.htm

FORM 20F

As filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on July 25, 2025

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 20-F

(Mark One)

☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025.

OR

☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to .

OR

☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of event requiring this shell
company report

.

For the transition period from

to

Commission file number: 001-15002

ICICI BANK LIMITED

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

India

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

ICICI Bank Towers

Bandra-Kurla Complex

Mumbai 400051, India

(Address of principal executive offices)

Name: Anindya Banerjee / Abhinek Bhargava

Telephone: +91 22 4008 6173

Email: anindya.banerjee@icicibank.com / abhinek.bhargava@icicibank.com

Office address: ICICI Bank Towers, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai – 400051, India

(Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number
and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class   Trading Symbol(s)   Name of each exchange on which registered
Equity Shares of ICICI Bank Limited( 1 )   IBN   The New York Stock Exchange
American Depositary Shares, each representing two Equity Shares of
ICICI Bank Limited, par value
Rs. 2 per share

____________________

1

Not for trading, but only in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares representing
such Equity Shares pursuant to the
 requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

[None]

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act:

[None]

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section
15(d) of the Act:

[None]

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s
classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report.

The number of outstanding Equity Shares of ICICI Bank Limited as of
March 31, 2025 was 7,121,927,830.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
☒
	    No

☐

If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Yes
☐
	    No

☒

Note
– Checking the box above will not relieve
any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations
under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days.

Yes
☒
	    No

☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Yes
☐

    No
☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company See definition of “large accelerated
filer”, “accelerated filer” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large Accelerated Filer
☒

Accelerated Filer
☐
 Non-accelerated Filer
☐

Emerging Growth Company
☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements
in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
☐

†The term “new or revised financial accounting standard”
refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
the attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements.
☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b).
☐

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has
used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

□   U.S. GAAP

□   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board

☒

Other

If “Other” has been checked in response to the
previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.

□ Item 17
    ☒

Item 18

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes
☐

    No
☒

(APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING
THE PAST FIVE YEARS)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents
and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of
securities under a plan confirmed by a court.

Yes
☐
     No
☐

Table of Contents

table
of contents

Page

Cross Reference Sheet   2
Certain Definitions   3
Forward-Looking Statements   4
Market Price Information   5
Risk Factors   6
Major Shareholders   47
Related Party Transactions   49
Business   54
Overview   54
History   55
Strategy   55
Principles   56
Overview of Our Products and Services   58
Commercial Banking for Retail Customers   58
Retail lending for rural customers   60
Commercial Banking for Business Banking   62
Commercial Banking for Corporate Customers   62
Commercial Banking for Government and Institutions   64
Commercial Banking for International Customers   64
Branch and ATM Network and Call Centers   65
Investment Banking   66
Private Equity   68
Asset Management   68
Insurance   69
Risk Management   70
Market Risk   77
Audit   86
Loan Portfolio   90
Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures   92
Technology   94
Competition   98
Employees   99
Properties   100
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings   101
American Depositary Receipt Fees and Payments   105
Selected Statistical Information   107
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   123
Management   177
Supervision and Regulation   196
Exchange Controls   215
Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities   216
Dividends   220
Taxation   221
Presentation of Financial Information   228
Additional Information   230
Exhibit Index   232

i

Table of Contents

Cross
Reference Sheet

Form 20-F   Item Caption   Location   Page No.
Part – I
Item 1   Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers   Not Applicable
Item 2   Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable   Not Applicable
Item 3   Key Information   Risk Factors   6
Item 4   Information on the Company   Business   54
Selected Statistical Information   107
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   123
Supervision and Regulation   196
Additional Information—Documents on Display   231
Item 4A   Unresolved Staff Comments   Not Applicable
Item 5   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   123
Business—Risk Management   70
Selected Statistical Information—Funding   110
Item 6   Directors, Senior Management and Employees   Management   177
Business—Employees   99
Item 7   Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions   Major Shareholders   47
Related Party Transactions   49
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Loans   194
Schedule 18 Note 2 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   F- 49
Item 8   Financial Information   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F- 2
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto   F- [•]
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   123
Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings   101
Dividends   220
Item 9   The Offer and Listing   Market Price Information   5
Item 10   Additional Information   Additional Information   230
Exchange Controls   215
Taxation   221
Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities   216
Dividends   220
Business—Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures   92
Item 11   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   Business—Risk Management—Market Risk   77
Selected Statistical Information–Risk Management   112
Item 12   Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities   Business—American Depository Receipt Fees and Payments   105
Part – II
Item 13   Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies   Not Applicable
Item 14   Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds   Not Applicable
Item 15   Controls and Procedures   Management—Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices—Controls and Procedures   188
Item 16A   Audit Committee Financial Expert   Management—Corporate Governance—Audit Committee   184
Item 16B   Code of Ethics   Management—Corporate Governance—Code of Ethics   187
Item 16C   Principal Accountant Fees and Services   Management—Corporate Governance—Principal Accountant Fees and Services   187
Item 16D   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   Not Applicable
Item 16E   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   Not Applicable
Item 16F   Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant   Not Applicable
Item 16G   Corporate Governance   Management—Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices   187
Item 16H   Mine Safety Disclosure   Not Applicable
Item 16I   Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections   Not Applicable
Item 16J   Insider Trading Policies   Management—Corporate Governance—Code of Ethics—Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading   187
Item 16K   Cybersecurity   Business—Risk Management—Cyber Security   84
Part – III
Item 17   Financial Statements   See Item 18
Item 18   Financial Statements   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F- 2
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto   F- [•]
Item 19   Exhibits   Exhibit Index and Attached Exhibits   232

2

Table of Contents

Certain Definitions

In this annual report, all references to “we”,
“our”, and “us” are to ICICI Bank Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries and other consolidated entities under
generally accepted accounting principles in India (“Indian GAAP”). In the financial statements contained in this annual report
and the notes thereto, all references to “the Company” are to ICICI Bank Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries and other
consolidated entities under Indian GAAP.

References to specific data applicable to particular
subsidiaries or other consolidated entities are made by reference to the name of that particular entity. References to the “amalgamation”
are to the amalgamation of ICICI, ICICI Personal Financial Services and ICICI Capital Services with ICICI Bank. References to “Sangli
Bank” are to The Sangli Bank Limited prior to its amalgamation with ICICI Bank, effective April 19, 2007. References to “Bank
of Rajasthan” are to the Bank of Rajasthan Limited prior to its amalgamation with ICICI Bank, effective from the close of business
at August 12, 2010.

References to “ICICI Bank” and “the
Bank” are to ICICI Bank Limited on an unconsolidated basis. References to a particular “fiscal” year are to the year
ended on March 31 of such a year. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to the “Board of Directors” and the “Board”
are to the board of directors of ICICI Bank. References to “ICICI Group” are to ICICI Bank and its subsidiaries and other
consolidated entities.

All references to the “Companies Act”,
the “Banking Regulation Act” and the “Reserve Bank of India Act” are, respectively, to the Companies Act, 2013,
the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 as passed by the Indian Parliament and as amended from time to
time. All references to “RBI” and the “Reserve Bank of India” are to the central banking and monetary authority
of India.

Pursuant to the issuance and listing of our securities
in the United States under registration statements filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, we file annual reports
on Form 20-F which must include financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S.
GAAP), or financial statements prepared according to a comprehensive body of accounting principles with a reconciliation of net income
and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP. When we first listed our securities in the United States, Indian GAAP was not considered
a comprehensive body of accounting principles under the United States securities laws and regulations. However, pursuant to a significant
expansion of Indian accounting standards, Indian GAAP constitutes a comprehensive body of accounting principles. Accordingly, we have
included in this annual report, as in the annual reports for fiscal years 2022 through 2024, consolidated financial statements prepared
according to Indian GAAP, with a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP and a description of significant
differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Our annual report prepared and distributed to
our shareholders under Indian law and regulations include unconsolidated Indian GAAP financial statements, management’s discussion
and analysis of the Bank’s results of operations and financial condition based on the Bank’s unconsolidated Indian GAAP financial
statements and our consolidated Indian GAAP financial statements.

The economic and industry data and information
presented in this document are sourced from government statistical releases, press releases and notifications by the Government of India,
the Reserve Bank of India and other regulators, data available on the websites of the Government of India, Reserve Bank of India, other
regulators and industry bodies.

3

Table of Contents

Forward-Looking
Statements

We have included statements in this annual report
which contain words or phrases such as “will”, “would”, “aim”, “aimed”, “will likely
result”, “is likely”, “are likely”, “believe”, “expect”, “expected to”,
“will continue”, “will achieve”, “anticipate”, “estimate”, “estimating”, “intend”,
“plan”, “contemplate”, “seek to”, “seeking to”, “trying to”, “target”,
“propose to”, “future”, “objective”, “goal”, “project”, “should”,
“can”, “could”, “may”, “will pursue” and similar expressions or variations of such expressions
that may constitute “forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could cause actual results, opportunities and growth potential to differ materially from those suggested by the
forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the actual growth in demand for banking and
other financial products and services in the countries in which we operate or where a material number of our customers reside; the level
and direction of interest rates, the yield on our loans and investments and the cost of our funding; future levels of non-performing and
restructured loans and any increased provisions and regulatory and legal changes relating to those loans; our ability to successfully
implement our strategies, including our growth strategy, our strategic use of technology and the internet and our strategy for resolution
of non-performing assets; the resilience of our technology infrastructure; the continued service of our senior management; the outcome
of any legal, tax or regulatory proceedings in India and in other jurisdictions in which we are or become a party to; the outcome of any
internal or independent enquiries or regulatory or governmental investigations; our expansion or increased presence in areas such as small
business and unsecured retail lending; our exploration of merger and acquisition opportunities; our ability to integrate recent or future
mergers or acquisitions into our operations and manage the risks associated with such acquisitions to achieve our strategic and financial
objectives; our ability to manage the increased complexity of the risks that we face in our international operations; our growth and expansion
in domestic and overseas markets; our status as a systemically important bank in India; our ability to maintain enhanced capital and liquidity
requirements; the adequacy of our allowance for credit and investment losses; our ability to market new products; investment income; cash
flow projections; the impact of any changes in India’s credit rating; the impact of any new accounting standards or new accounting
framework; our ability to implement our dividend payment practice; the impact of changes in banking and insurance regulations and other
regulatory changes in India and other jurisdictions on us, including changes in regulatory intensity, supervision and interpretations;
the state of the global financial system and systemic risks; the bond and loan market conditions and availability of liquidity amongst
the investor community in these markets; the nature of credit spreads and interest spreads from time to time, including the possibility
of increasing credit spreads or interest rates; our ability to roll over our short-term funding sources and our exposure to credit, market,
liquidity and reputational risks. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date thereof.

In addition, other factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those estimated by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report include, but are not
limited to, the monetary and interest rate policies of India and the other markets in which we operate, general economic and political
conditions in India, southeast Asia, and the other countries which have an impact on our business activities or investments, political
or financial instability in India or any other country caused by any factor including regional hostilities, terrorist attacks or social
unrest, man-made or natural disasters and catastrophes, climate change events, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence in interest
rates, changes or volatility in the value of the rupee, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the performance
of the financial markets in general, changes in domestic and foreign laws, regulations and taxes, changes in competition and the pricing
environment in India and regional or general changes in asset valuations. For a further discussion of the factors that could cause actual
results to differ, see the discussion under “Risk Factors” contained in this annual report.

4

Table of Contents

Market Price Information

Equity Shares

Our outstanding equity shares are currently listed
and traded on the BSE Limited, and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

At June 30, 2025, total 7,135,539,512 equity shares
were outstanding. The prices for equity shares as quoted in the official list of each of the Indian stock exchanges are in Indian rupees.

At June 30, 2025, there were 1,971,661 holders
of record of our equity shares, of which 3,479 had registered addresses in the United States and held an aggregate of 2,233,097 equity
shares.

ADSs

Our ADSs, each representing two equity shares,
were originally issued in March 2000 in a public offering and are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol IBN.
The equity shares underlying the ADSs are listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

At June 30, 2025, we had 669 million ADSs, equivalent
to about 1,338 million equity shares, outstanding. At June 30, 2025, there were 194,412 record holders of our ADSs, out of which 74 have
registered addresses in the United States.

See also “Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to ADSs and Equity Shares—Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares
and ADSs
”.

5

Table of Contents

Risk Factors

You should carefully consider the following
risk factors as well as other information contained in this annual report in evaluating us and our business.

Summary

Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties.
These risks include, but are not limited to, the following:

Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks

·   A prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer.

·   Financial instability in other countries, particularly countries where we have established operations, could adversely affect our
business.

·   Any downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt by an international rating
agency could adversely affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Any adverse impact on India’s external position due to an increase in the price of crude oil, the current account deficit, the
outflow of foreign capital or exchange rate volatility could adversely affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business.

·   The banking and financial markets in India are still evolving, and the Indian financial system could experience difficulties which
could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   A significant change in the Indian government’s policies, including economic policies, fiscal policies and structural reforms,
could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Natural disasters, climate change and health epidemics could adversely affect the Indian economy, or the economy of other countries
where we operate, which could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   If global or regional hostilities, terrorist attacks, or social unrest in India or elsewhere increase, our business and the prices
of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated
sector

·   The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether
formal or informal.

·   We may be subject to fines, restrictions or other sanctions for regulatory compliance failures, which may adversely affect our financial
position or our ability to expand our activities.

·   We are at risk of inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities, which may adversely affect our reputation,
lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us to incur additional costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct business.

·   We are subject to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, which may also involve buying related certificates
at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required to be invested in Government
of India schemes that yield

6

Table of Contents

low returns, thereby impacting our profitability. We may
also experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality of
our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   We are subject to capital adequacy requirements stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel III, as well as general market
expectations regarding the level of capital adequacy large Indian private sector banks should maintain, and any inability to maintain
adequate capital due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support
our businesses.

·   We are subject to liquidity requirements of the Reserve Bank of India as well as those of banking regulators in our overseas locations,
and any inability to maintain adequate liquidity due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may
impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.

·   Changes in the regulation and structure of the financial markets in India may adversely impact our business.

·   The opportunities for growth in our international operations and our ability to repatriate capital from these operations may be limited
by the local regulatory environments.

·   The Board of Directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, taken action against the Ex-Managing Director & CEO.
In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have violated applicable
laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory actions that may result in legal and reputation risk for the
Bank.

·   Our asset management, private equity, insurance and securities broking subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation and supervision
which can lead to increased costs or additional restrictions on their activities that could adversely impact the Bank.

·   Adoption of a different basis of accounting or new accounting standards may result in changes in our reported financial position and
results of operations for future and prior periods.

Risks relating to our business

·   If the level of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our business will
suffer.

·   We have a high concentration of loans to certain customers, borrower groups and sectors and if a substantial portion of these loans
become non-performing, the overall quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely
affected.

·   The value of our collateral may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing our collateral when borrowers default on their obligations
to us which may result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential loss.

·   Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely
affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan
portfolio and our financial performance.

·   Our inability to effectively manage credit, market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models and accounting estimates
may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds.

7

Table of Contents

·   Our funding is primarily short-term and if depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely
affected.

·   A determination against us in respect of disputed tax assessments may adversely impact our financial performance.

·   Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results and the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs.

·   The exposures of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

·   Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our
business.

·   Commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit on foreign exchange transactions and other sources of fee income are important elements
of our profitability, and regulatory changes or changes in market conditions could cause these income streams to decline and adversely
impact our financial performance.

·   Our industry is very competitive, and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.

·   There is operational risk associated with the financial industry which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business.

·   Our failure to establish, maintain and apply an adequate internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect
on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.

·   We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

·   We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions, divest our existing businesses, or be required to undertake mergers by
the Reserve Bank of India and could face integration and other acquisitions risks.

·   We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties.

·   We are involved in various litigations. Any final judgment awarding material damages against us could have a material adverse impact
on our financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   We continue to expand our branch network and any inability to use these branches productively may have an adverse impact on our growth
and profitability.

·   We depend on the knowledge and skills of our senior management. Any inability to attract and retain them and other talented professionals
or any loss of senior management or other talented professionals may adversely impact our business.

Risks relating to technology

·   The growing use of technology in banking and financial services creates additional risks of competition, reliability and security.

·   We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers,
malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity

8

Table of Contents

theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential
information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.

·   System failures or system downtime could adversely impact our business.

Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries

·   Additional capital requirements of our insurance subsidiaries or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding or make
                                                                                                               additional investments in these entities as required may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and
                                                                                                               ADSs.

·   While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or
levels of profitability.

·   Actuarial experience and other factors could differ from assumptions made in the calculation of life actuarial reserves and other
actuarial information.

·   Loss reserves for our general insurance subsidiary’s business are based on estimates as to future claims liabilities and adverse
developments relating to claims could lead to further reserve additions and materially adversely affect the operation of our general insurance
subsidiary.

·   The financial results of our insurance companies could be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of a catastrophe and/or
various climate change events.

Risks relating to ADSs and equity shares

·   ADS holders may be restricted in their ability to exercise voting rights and your ability to withdraw equity shares from the depositary
facility is subject to delays and legal restrictions.

·   Your holdings may be diluted by additional issuances of equity and any dilution may adversely affect the market prices of our equity
shares and ADSs.

·   You may be unable to exercise pre-emptive rights available to other shareholders.

·   Your ability to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion of rupee proceeds from such
sale into a foreign currency and the repatriation of such foreign currency may be subject to delays if specific approval of the Reserve
Bank of India is required.

·   Restrictions on reissuance and deposit of equity shares in the depositary facility could adversely affect the price of our ADSs.

·   Certain shareholders own a large percentage of our equity shares, and their actions could adversely affect the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs.

·   Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Settlement of trades of equity shares on Indian stock exchanges may be subject to delays.

·   Because the equity shares underlying ADSs are quoted in rupees in India, you may be subject to potential losses arising out of exchange
rate risk on the Indian rupee.

·   You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains.

9

Table of Contents

·   There may be different company information available in Indian securities markets than in securities markets in the United States and the continued listing of our securities in US markets is subject to various considerations.

Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks

A prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India could
cause our business to suffer.

We are heavily dependent upon the state of the
Indian economy, and a slowdown in growth in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business, our borrowers, our counterparties
and other constituents, especially if such a slowdown was to be prolonged. India’s gross domestic product is estimated to have grown
by 6.5% in fiscal 2025 (as per the Second Advance Estimates (“SAE”) of the National Statistical Office (“NSO”))
compared with the 9.2% first revised estimates for fiscal 2024.

An economic slowdown and a general decline in
business activity in India could impose stress on our borrowers’ financial soundness and profitability and thus expose us to increased
credit risk.

Economic growth in India is also influenced by
inflation, interest rates, external trade and capital flows. The level of inflation or depreciation of the Indian rupee may limit monetary
easing or cause monetary policy tightening. Any increase in inflation, due to increase in domestic food prices or global prices of commodities,
including crude oil, the impact of currency depreciation on the prices of imported commodities and additional pass through of higher fuel
prices to consumers, or otherwise, may result in a tightening of monetary policy.

In fiscal 2023, the Reserve Bank of India significantly
tightened monetary policy, raising the policy repo rate by 250 basis points from 4.0% to 6.5% and increased the cash reserve ratio by
50 basis points from 4.0% to 4.5%. The Reserve Bank of India maintained its policy stance for fiscal years 2023 and 2024 and most of fiscal
2025. Daily average banking system liquidity for fiscal 2025 was at a deficit of approximately Rs. 53.0 billion. In the latter part of
fiscal 2025 through June 2025, the Reserve Bank of India substantially eased monetary policy, reducing the repo rate by a total of 100
basis points from 6.5% to 5.5%, and the cash reserve ratio by a total of 150 bps, of which a reduction of 100 basis points will take effect
between September and November 2025. Since December 2024, the Reserve Bank of India has injected Rs. 10.7 trillion of durable liquidity
into the banking system, through various means including by reducing the cash reserve ratio, engaging in open-market operations, engaging
in foreign exchange operations and conducting long-term variable rate repo auctions.

There are uncertainties in the global environment
due to geopolitical tensions, and trade related issues between several major global economies. Global trade disputes and tariffs or other
protectionist measures and countermeasures could impact trade and capital flows and negatively affect the Indian economy, which could
adversely affect our business. Sharp and sustained price reductions of globally traded commodities such as metals and minerals may negatively
impact our borrowers in these sectors. Adverse changes to global liquidity conditions, comparative interest rates and risk appetite could
lead to significant capital outflows from India, which could adversely affect our business. In fiscal 2025, net inflows of foreign portfolio
investments (“FPI”) into India were USD 2.7 billion compared to USD 41.0 billion in fiscal 2024. Developments in technology,
such as artificial intelligence (“AI”), may impact businesses, including ours and our customers’, and influence global
and Indian employment markets, with an impact on employment and incomes of our existing and potential customers.

Adverse economic conditions in India due to movements
in global capital, commodity and other markets, changes in business due to technology or adverse impact of any tariffs or natural disasters
could result in reduction of demand for credit and other financial products and services, increased competition, and higher defaults among
corporate, small business, retail and rural borrowers, which could
have a material adverse
 impact
on our business, our financial performance, our stockholders’ equity, our ability to implement our strategy and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs.

10

Table of Contents

Financial instability in other countries, particularly
countries where we have established operations, could adversely affect our business.

There is a history of financial crises and boom-bust
cycles in multiple markets in both the emerging and developed economies, which increase risks for all financial institutions, including
for our business and results of operations. Global economic changes, such as ongoing geopolitical tensions, increases in tariffs and other
trade disputes, as well as volatility in global markets may lead to increased risk aversion and foreign exchange rate movements, which
could impact global liquidity and adversely affect our business.

Uncertainty around these and related issues could
lead to adverse effects on the economies in which we operate. Such volatility and negative economic developments could, in turn, materially
adversely affect our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations.

A loss of investor confidence in the financial
systems of India or other markets and countries or any financial instability in India or any other market may cause increased volatility
in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector, our business and
our financial performance. We remain subject to the risks posed by the indirect impact of adverse developments in the global economy and
the global banking environment, some of which cannot be anticipated and the vast majority of which are not under our control. We also
remain subject to counterparty risk to financial institutions that fail or are otherwise unable to meet their obligations to us.

Any downgrade of India’s debt rating or the
rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, liquidity
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Any adverse revisions to India’s credit
ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact our business and limit our access to capital markets and adversely impact
our liquidity position and market perception of the Bank.

We are rated by Moody’s and Standard and
Poor’s in international markets.

Rating agencies may also change their methodology
for rating banks or their assessment of specific parameters which may impact our ratings.

Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom is rated
by Moody’s and any change in our rating or outlook or in the financial position of the subsidiary could impact the rating or outlook
of our subsidiary.

There can be no assurance that rating agencies
will maintain their views on India’s sovereign rating or that we and our subsidiaries and affiliates will be able to meet the expectations
of rating agencies and maintain our credit ratings. See also “
—Risks relating to our business—Our inability to effectively
manage credit, market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on
our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds
”.

Any adverse impact on India’s external position
due to an increase in the price of crude oil, the current account deficit, the outflow of foreign capital or exchange rate volatility
could adversely affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business.

India is vulnerable to developments in the trade
account. India imports a majority of its requirements of petroleum oil and petroleum products. In the event of elevated oil price levels
or volatility in oil prices, as well as the impact of currency depreciation, which makes imports more expensive in local currency, and
the

11

Table of Contents

pass-through of such increases to Indian consumers or an increase in
subsidies (which would increase the fiscal deficit) could have a material adverse impact on the Indian economy and the Indian banking
and financial system, including through a rise in inflation and market interest rates, higher trade and fiscal deficits and currency depreciation.

India’s trade relationships with other countries
and its trade deficit, may adversely affect Indian economic conditions and the exchange rate for the rupee. In fiscal 2023 and 2024, the
current account deficit was 2.0% and 0.8% respectively of India’s gross domestic product. For fiscal year 2025, the current account
deficit is expected to be at 0.6% of India’s gross domestic product. If current account and trade deficits increase or are no longer
manageable because of factors impacting the trade deficit like slowing global economic growth and tariff barriers, the Indian economy,
and therefore our business, our financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected. Any reduction
of or increase in the volatility of capital flows may impact the Indian economy and financial markets and increase the complexity and
uncertainty in monetary policy decisions in India, leading to volatility in inflation and interest rates in India, which could also adversely
impact our business, our financial performance, our stockholders’ equity, and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

See also “—
Risks relating to our
business—We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates
”.

The banking and financial markets in India are still
evolving and the Indian financial system could experience difficulties which could adversely affect our business and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs.

As an Indian bank, we are exposed to the risks
of the Indian financial system which may be affected by the financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial institutions because
the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships.
This risk, which is sometimes referred to as systemic risk, may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies,
banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial
system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and adversely affect our business.
Any such developments may impact credit markets and there could be an adverse impact on the loan portfolios of banks, including us, if
customers are no longer able to access financing or refinancing from these entities or replace such financing or refinancing from other
sources, thereby impacting their ability to conduct operations or meet their financial obligations. Our transactions with these financial
institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default by the counterparty, which can be exacerbated during periods of market illiquidity.
See also “
—Risks relating to our business—There is operational risk associated with the financial industry which,
when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business”.

As the Indian financial system operates in an
emerging market, we face risks of a nature and extent not typically faced in more developed economies. Our credit risk may be higher than
the credit risk of banks in some developed economies. Our access to information about the credit histories of our borrowers, especially
individuals and small businesses, may be limited relative to what is typically available for similar borrowers in developed economies.
In addition, the credit risk of our borrowers is often higher than borrowers in more developed economies due to the evolving Indian regulatory,
political, economic and industrial environment. The directed lending norms of the Reserve Bank of India require us to lend a certain proportion
of our loans to “priority sectors”, including agriculture and small enterprises, where we are less able to control the portfolio
quality and where economic difficulties are likely to affect our borrowers more severely. We also purchase priority sector lending certificates
to meet directed lending requirements, and the cost of purchasing such certificates may increase substantially depending on the demand
and supply scenario of the certificates. Any shortfall in meeting the priority sector lending targets and sub-targets may be required
to be allocated to investments yielding sub-market returns. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in
a highly regulated sector—We are subject to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, which

12

Table of Contents

may also involve buying related certificates at a premium to
meet the annual targets, and any shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required to be invested in Government of India
schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability. We may also experience a higher level of non-performing assets
in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of
our equity shares and ADSs
” and “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Loans and Advances—Directed Lending
”.

We may face the risk of deposit runs notwithstanding
the existence of a national deposit insurance scheme. Any failure in controlling such situations in the future could result in high volumes
of deposit withdrawals, which would adversely impact our liquidity position, disrupt our business and, in times of market stress, undermine
our financial strength.

We pursue our banking, insurance and other activities
in India in a developing economy with all the risks that come with operating in a developing economy. Our activities in India are widespread
and diverse and involve employees, contractors, counterparties and customers with widely varying levels of education, financial sophistication
and wealth. Although we seek to implement policies and procedures to reduce and manage marketplace risks as well as risks within our own
organization, some risks remain inherent in doing business in a large, developing country. We cannot eliminate these marketplace and operational
risks, which may lead to or exacerbate legal, regulatory or judicial actions, negative publicity or other developments that could reduce
our profitability. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced
supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal
”,
“—
Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are at risk for inquiries or investigations
by regulatory and enforcement authorities, which may adversely affect our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us
to incur additional costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct business
” and “—
Risks relating to our business—Entry
into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business
”.

A significant change in the Indian government’s
policies, including economic policies, fiscal policies and structural reforms, could adversely affect our business and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs.

Our business and customers are predominantly located
in India or are related to and influenced by the Indian economy. The Indian government has traditionally exercised, and continues to exercise,
a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy. The Indian government’s policies could adversely affect business and economic
conditions in India, our ability to implement our strategy, the operations of our subsidiaries and affiliates and our financial performance.
Successive Indian governments have pursued policies of economic liberalization, including significantly relaxing restrictions on the private
sector and encouraging the development of the Indian financial sector. The leadership of India and the composition of the government are
subject to change, and election results are not predictable. It is difficult to predict the economic policies that will be pursued by
governments in the future. In addition, investments by the corporate sector in India may be impacted by government policies and decisions
including judicial decisions, such as with respect to awards of licenses and resources, access to land and natural resources and policies
with respect to protection of the environment. Such policies and decisions may result in delays in execution of projects, including those
financed by us, and also limit new project investments, thereby impacting economic growth.

The pace of economic liberalization could change,
and specific laws and policies affecting banking and finance companies, foreign investment, currency exchange and other matters affecting
investment in our securities could change as well. Decisions by the Government of India could impact our business and financial performance.
The Indian government announced the introduction of central bank digital currency by the Reserve Bank of India. To further expand its
usage, the Reserve Bank of India has proposed allowing non-bank payments system operators (“PSOs”) to offer central bank digital
currency (“CBDC”) wallets in order to make retail CBDC more accessible to a broader segment of users. Any changes in regulations
or significant change in India’s economic policies or any market volatility as a result of uncertainty surrounding India’s

13

Table of Contents

macroeconomic policies or the future elections of its government could
adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular and the prices of our equity shares
and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Natural disasters, climate change and health epidemics
could adversely affect the Indian economy, or the economy of other countries where we operate, which could adversely affect our business
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

India has experienced natural disasters such as
earthquakes, floods and droughts in the past few years. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determine their impact
on the Indian economy. In particular, climatic and weather conditions, such as the level and timing of monsoon rainfall, impact the agricultural
sector, which constituted approximately 14.4% of India’s gross value added in fiscal 2025. Prolonged spells of
below- or above-normal rainfall, other natural disasters, or global or regional climate change, could adversely affect the Indian economy
and our business, especially our rural portfolio. Similarly, global or regional climate change in India and other countries where we operate
could result in change in weather patterns and frequency of natural disasters like droughts, El Niño, floods and cyclones, which
could affect the economy of India, the economies of countries where we operate and our operations in those countries.

Health epidemics could also disrupt our business,
our borrowers, our counterparties and other constituents. The emergence of disease pandemics like COVID-19, and other earlier outbreaks
like the Nipah virus in 2018 in certain regions of southeast Asia, including India, have caused, and could in the future cause, economic
and financial disruptions. Such disruptions in India and other areas of the world in which we operate could lead to operational difficulties,
including travel restrictions, that could impact our business and our ability to manage or conduct our business. Any future outbreak of
health epidemics may impact the quality of our portfolio and result in an increase in our non-performing loans and restrict the level
of business activity in affected areas, which may in turn adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

If global or regional hostilities, terrorist attacks,
or social unrest in India or elsewhere increase, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

India has from time-to-time experienced hostilities
both internally and with neighboring countries. There have been military confrontations between India and Pakistan, and border disputes
with neighboring countries, including China. We cannot predict how such geopolitical events will develop in the future and how it may
impact our business, operations, reputation and financial condition.

India has also experienced terrorist attacks in
some parts of the country, including in Mumbai, where our headquarters are located.

Global trade disputes and tariffs and other protectionist
measures and countermeasures could impact trade and capital flows and negatively affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect
our business. In addition, geopolitical events in the Middle East, Asia and Europe or terrorist or military action in other parts of the
world, may impact prices of key commodities, financial markets and trade and capital flows, including by leading to restrictions on countries
which are among India’s significant trading partners. These factors and any political or economic instability in India could
adversely affect our business, our financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

14

Table of Contents

Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated
sector

The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment
in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.

We are subject to a wide variety of banking,
insurance and financial services laws, regulations and regulatory policies and a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Regulators in India and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate subject financial
sector institutions, including us, to intense review, supervision and scrutiny. This heightened level of review and scrutiny, and the
potential for changes in the existing regulatory supervision framework, increases the possibility that we will face adverse legal or
regulatory actions. In the face of difficulties in the Indian banking sector, the Reserve Bank of India has been increasing the intensity
of its scrutiny of Indian banks and has been imposing fines and penalties that are larger than the historic norms on Indian banks, as
well as restrictions on the conduct of business. The Reserve Bank of India and other regulators regularly review our operations, and
there can be no guarantee that all regulators will agree with our internal assessments of asset quality, provisions, risk management,
capital adequacy and management functioning, other measures of the safety and soundness of our operations or compliance with applicable
laws, regulations, accounting and taxation norms, listing norms or regulatory policies. The Reserve Bank of India has issued directions
on financing of projects in infrastructure and non-infrastructure including commercial real estate and commercial real estate- residential
housing, which inter alia requires rationalisation of standard asset provisioning requirement to 1.0 % for projects under construction
and shall gradually increase for each quarter of `date of commencement of commercial operations' deferment. These directions shall come
into force with effect from October 1, 2026. New regulations and compliance and disclosure requirements relating to environment, social
and governance matters, especially climate change, have been recommended or are under consideration by regulators in the jurisdictions
where we have our operations.

Regulators, including, among others, the
Reserve Bank of India and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), as well as governmental authorities and courts in India or in
the jurisdictions in which we operate, may find that we are not in compliance with applicable accounting and taxation norms, listing
norms, laws, regulations, regulatory policies, or with the regulators’ revised interpretations of such laws, regulations or
regulatory policies, and may take formal or informal actions against us. Such formal or informal actions may require us to make
additional provisions for our non-performing assets, divest assets, adopt new compliance programs or policies, remove senior
executives or other personnel, reduce dividend or executive compensation, provide remediation or refunds to customers or undertake
other changes to our business operations, and may reduce our revenues, require us to incur additional expenses, impact our
profitability or damage our reputation. See also “
Supervision and Regulation
”.

If we fail to manage our legal and regulatory
risk in the many jurisdictions in which we operate, our business could suffer, our reputation could be harmed and we would be subject
to additional legal and regulatory risks. This could, in turn, increase the size and number of claims and damages asserted against us
and/or subject us to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions or other proceedings, or lead to increased supervisory concerns. We
may also be required to spend additional time and resources on remedial measures and conducting enquiries, beyond those already initiated
and ongoing, which could have an adverse effect on our business.

Despite our best efforts to comply with all applicable
regulations, there are a number of risks that cannot be completely controlled. Our international presence has led to increased legal and
regulatory risks. Regulators in every jurisdiction in which we operate or have listed our securities have the power to restrict our operations,
stipulate higher capital and liquidity requirements or bring administrative or judicial proceedings against us, our employees, representatives,
agents or our third-party service providers, which could result, among other things, in suspension or revocation of one or more of our
licenses, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action which could materially harm
our reputation, results of operations and financial condition.

We may be subject to fines, restrictions or other
sanctions for regulatory compliance failures, which may adversely affect our financial position or our ability to expand our activities.

Failure to comply with applicable regulations
in various jurisdictions, including unauthorized actions by employees, representatives, agents and third parties, suspected or perceived
failures and media reports, and

15

Table of Contents

ensuing inquiries or investigations or proceedings by regulatory and
enforcement authorities, has resulted, and may result in the future, in regulatory actions, including financial penalties and restrictions
on or suspension of the related business operations. Whenever we consider it appropriate and the regulatory guidelines so permit, we may
seek to settle or compound regulatory inquiries or investigations or proceedings through a consensual process with the concerned regulator,
which may entail monetary payment by us or agreeing to non-monetary terms. The non-monetary terms may include suspension or cessation
of business activities for a specified period; change in key management personnel or restrictions being placed on key management personnel;
disgorgement; implementation of enhanced policies and procedures to prevent future violations; appointing or engaging an independent consultant
to review internal policies, processes and procedures; providing enhanced training and education; and/or submitting to enhanced internal
audit, concurrent audit or reporting requirements.

We are at risk for inquiries or investigations by
regulatory and enforcement authorities, which may adversely affect our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us to
incur additional costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct business.

A failure to comply with the applicable regulations
in various jurisdictions by our employees, representatives, agents and third-party service providers, either in or outside the course
of their services, or suspected or perceived failures by them, may result in further inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement
authorities and in additional regulatory or enforcement action against either us, or such employees, representatives, agents and third-party
service providers. Such additional actions may further impact our reputation, result in adverse media reports, lead to increased
or enhanced regulatory or supervisory concerns, cause us to incur additional costs, penalties, claims and expenses or impact adversely
our ability to conduct business. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The
Board of Directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, taken action against the Ex-Managing Director & CEO. In the
event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have violated applicable laws or
regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory actions that may result in legal and reputation risk for the Bank.
”

Our international presence in multiple jurisdictions
exposes us to a variety of regulatory and business challenges and risks, including cross-cultural risk, and further increases the risk
of inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities.
Presence in these
jurisdictions
also increases the complexity of our risks in a number of areas including currency risks, interest rate risks, compliance risk, regulatory
risk, reputational risk and operational risk. For example, in October 2022 ICICI Bank’s New York Federal Branch (“New York
Branch”) entered into a consent order with its federal banking supervisor, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which
required the New York Branch to enhance certain processes in its Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering program and establish and maintain
an effective sanctions compliance program. The OCC issued cessation of the Consent Order by its order dated March 8, 2025, following validation
of the corrective measures undertaken by the New York Branch to address the action items highlighted in the Order. In addition, we, or
our employees, may from time to time, and as is common in the financial services industry, be the subject of inquiries, examinations or
investigations that could lead to proceedings against us or our employees.

We cannot predict the timing or form of any current
or future regulatory or law enforcement initiatives, which are increasingly common for international banks and financial institutions.

We are subject to the directed lending requirements
of the Reserve Bank of India, which may also involve buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall
in meeting these requirements may be required to be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting
our profitability. We may also experience a higher level of non-performing

16

Table of Contents

assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could
adversely impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Under the directed lending norms of the Reserve
Bank of India, banks in India are required to lend 40.0% of their adjusted net bank credit to certain eligible sectors, categorized as
priority sectors. Under such lending norms, banks also have sub-targets for lending to key segments or sectors. A proportion
of 10.0% and 12.0% of adjusted net bank credit were required to be lent to small and marginal farmers and identified weaker sections of
society, respectively, in fiscal 2025. The Reserve Bank of India has directed banks to maintain direct lending to non-corporate farmers
at the banking system’s average level for the last three years and set a target of 13.78% of adjusted net bank credit for this purpose
for fiscal 2025, which has increased to 14.0% in fiscal 2026. In addition, 7.5% of adjusted net bank credit is required to be lent to
micro-enterprises. The priority sector lending requirement can be met by lending to a range of sectors, including small businesses, medium-sized
enterprises, renewable energy, social infrastructure and residential mortgages satisfying certain criteria. These requirements and achievements
are assessed considering the average of the outstanding balances at the quarter end. From fiscal 2022, the priority sector achievements
are computed based on the weight assigned to the incremental priority sector credit in identified districts. The necessary adjustments
for weight of districts and calculation of achievement are done by the Reserve Bank of India on the basis of data submitted by banks on
a quarterly basis.

These requirements apply to ICICI Bank on a standalone
basis. The Reserve Bank of India allows banks to sell and purchase priority sector lending certificates in the event of excess/shortfall
in meeting priority sector targets, which help in reducing the shortfall in priority sector lending. These instruments are issued by banks
that have a surplus in priority sector lending or any of its individual sub-segments and are purchased by banks having a shortfall, through
a trading portal, without the transfer of risks or loan assets. The Bank also purchases priority sector lending certificates to meet directed
lending requirements, the cost of which may vary based on the demand for and supply of such certificates. The quarterly achievement as
a percentage of the adjusted net bank credit for agricultural sector was 18.0% against the requirement of 18.0%, sub-category within agricultural
sector for non-corporate farmers was 14.4% against the requirement of 13.8% and for lending to weaker sections was 12.2% against the requirement
of 12.0%.

The amount of any shortfall we may have in meeting
the priority sector lending requirements, after taking into account any priority sector lending certificates purchased, may be required
to be invested at any time, at the Reserve Bank of India’s directive, in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, determined
depending on the prevailing bank rate and on the level of shortfall, thereby impacting our profitability. At March 31, 2025, our total
investments in such schemes on account of past shortfalls were Rs. 134.9 billion. Our investments in Government of India schemes
are expected to decrease in view of regulatory target achievement in fiscal 2025. These investments count towards overall priority sector
target achievement. Investments at March 31 of the preceding fiscal year are included in the adjusted net bank credit which forms the
base for computation of the priority sector and sub-segment lending requirements.

As a result of priority sector lending requirements,
we may experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, particularly due to loans to the agricultural
and small enterprise sectors, where we are less able to control the portfolio quality and where economic difficulties are likely to affect
our borrowers more severely. The Bank’s gross non-performing assets in the priority sector loan portfolio were 2.3% in fiscal 2020,
3.4% in fiscal 2021, 2.7% in fiscal 2022, 1.9% in fiscal 2023 and 1.8% in both fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2018 and fiscal
2019, some states in India announced schemes for waiver of loans taken by farmers. While the cost of such schemes is borne by the
state governments, such

17

Table of Contents

schemes or borrower expectations of such schemes result in higher delinquencies
including in the farmer loan portfolio for banks, including us. Under the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines, these and other specified
categories of agricultural loans are classified as non-performing when they are overdue for more than 360 days, as compared to 90 days
for loans generally. Thus, the classification of overdue loans as non-performing occurs at a later stage with respect to these specified
categories of agricultural loans as compared to the loan portfolio in general.

Going forward, growth in our domestic loan
portfolio could lead to a significant increase in our priority sector lending target amounts. In case of the continuing shortfall in
agriculture lending sub-targets and weaker section loans, the Bank may have to significantly increase the purchase of priority
sector lending certificates. The Reserve Bank of India has from time to time issued guidelines on priority sector lending
requirements that restrict the ability of banks to meet the directed lending obligations through lending to specialized financial
intermediaries, specify criteria to be fulfilled for investments by banks in securitized assets and outright purchases of loans and
assignments to be eligible for classification as priority sector lending and regulate the interest rates charged to ultimate
borrowers by the originating entities in such transactions. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating
to Loans and Advances—Directed Lending
”. Any future changes by the Reserve Bank of India to the directed
lending norms may result in an inability to meet the priority sector lending requirements as well as require us to increase our
lending to relatively riskier segments and may result in an increase in non-performing loans.

We are subject to capital adequacy requirements stipulated
by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel III, as well as general market expectations regarding the level of capital adequacy large
Indian private sector banks should maintain, and any inability to maintain adequate capital due to changes in regulations, a lack of access
to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.

Banks in India are subject to the Basel III capital
adequacy framework as stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India. The Basel III guidelines in India, among other things, require a minimum
common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 5.5%, a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 7.0%, a minimum total risk-based capital
ratio of 9.0% and a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets above the minimum requirements to
avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. The Bank is also required to maintain a capital surcharge
of 0.2% on account of being designated a domestic systemically important bank. The guidelines also establish eligibility criteria for
capital instruments in each tier of regulatory capital, require adjustments to and deductions from regulatory capital, and provide for
limited recognition of minority interests in the regulatory capital of a consolidated banking group. Applying the Basel III guidelines,
our capital ratios on a consolidated basis at March 31, 2025 were: a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 15.8% and a total
risk-based capital ratio of 16.4%.

The Reserve Bank of India has released guidelines
on implementation of counter cyclical capital buffers, which propose higher capital requirements for banks, ranging from 0% to 2.5% of
risk-weighted assets, during periods of high economic growth. This capital requirement would be determined based on certain triggers,
such as a deviation of long-term average credit-to-GDP ratio, and other indicators. While these guidelines are already effective,
the Reserve Bank of India has stated that current economic conditions do not warrant activation of the counter cyclical capital buffer.
The Reserve Bank of India has also issued a leverage ratio framework which is measured as the ratio of a bank’s Tier 1 capital to
its total exposure. The Reserve Bank of India requires maintenance of a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0% for domestic systemically important
banks, including us, and 3.5% for other banks.

Regulatory changes may impact the amount of capital
that we are required to hold. Our ability to grow our business and execute our strategy is dependent on our level of capitalization and
we may be required to raise resources from the capital markets or divest our stake in one or more of our subsidiaries to meet capital
requirements. The Reserve Bank of India regularly reviews our operations, and there can be no guarantee that it will agree with our internal
assessments of capital adequacy. Any reduction in our regulatory capital ratios,

18

Table of Contents

changes to the capital requirements applicable to us on account of
regulatory changes or otherwise, our inability to access capital markets or otherwise increase our capital base and our inability to meet
stakeholder expectations of the appropriate level of capital for us, while also meeting expectations of return on capital, may limit our
ability to maintain our market standing and grow our business, and adversely impact our future performance and strategy. Debt and equity
investors, rating agencies, equity and fixed income analysts, regulators and others would likely expect us to maintain capital adequacy
ratios well above the regulatory requirements, reflecting our position as a large private sector bank. There can be no assurance
that we will be successful in raising the capital when required or that the timing for accessing the market or the terms of the capital
raised would be attractive, and these may be subject to various uncertainties including liquidity conditions, market stability, or political
or economic conditions. If we are unable to raise enough capital to satisfy our regulatory capital requirements, we will be subject to
restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments, as well as other potential regulatory actions.

The Reserve Bank of India’s Prompt Corrective
Action framework for banks defines risk thresholds for indicators like capital adequacy, asset quality and leverage, and stipulates actions
like restriction on dividend distribution/remittance of profits, restriction on branch expansion, domestic and/or overseas expansion,
and restrictions on capital expenditure other than for technological upgradation. At year-end fiscal 2025, the Bank’s financial
indicators did not breach the risk thresholds prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. There can be no assurance that we will always remain
within the thresholds prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India in the future.

Our insurance, banking and home finance subsidiaries
are also subject to solvency and capital requirements imposed by the subsidiaries’ respective regulators. While we currently
do not expect these entities to require significant additional equity capital, any requirement for ICICI Bank to make additional equity
investments in these entities in the event of an increase in their capital requirements due to regulation or material stress would impact
our capital adequacy.

We are subject to liquidity requirements of the Reserve
Bank of India as well as those of banking regulators in our overseas locations, and any inability to maintain adequate liquidity due to
changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.

The Reserve Bank of India has released guidelines
on liquidity coverage ratio requirements under the Basel III liquidity framework that require banks to maintain and report the Basel III
liquidity coverage ratio, which is a ratio of the stock of high-quality liquid assets to total net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar
days. The Reserve Bank of India has also defined categories of assets qualifying as high-quality liquid assets and mandated a minimum
liquidity coverage ratio of 100.0%. Further, the Reserve Bank of India has issued final guidelines on the net stable funding ratio for
banks, which requires banks to maintain sufficient funds that are considered as reliable to cover the liquidity requirements and asset
maturities coming up over the next one year on an ongoing basis. There are similar requirements stipulated by regulators in most of our
overseas locations, due to which we are required to maintain appropriate levels of liquidity in those geographies as well. These liquidity
requirements, together with the existing liquidity and cash reserve requirements, result in Indian banks, including us, holding high amounts
of liquidity, thereby impacting profitability. Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) which require
commercial banks to assign an additional 2.5% run-off factor for retail and small business deposits enabled with internet or mobile banking.
These instructions come into force with effect from April 1, 2026.

Any reduction in our liquidity coverage or net
stable funding ratios, increase in liquidity requirements applicable to us on account of regulatory changes or otherwise, changes in the
composition of liquidity or inability to access capital markets may limit our ability to grow our business or adversely impact our profitability
and our future performance and strategy.

19

Table of Contents

Further, any tightening of liquidity and volatility in
international markets may limit our access to international funding markets and result in an increase in our cost of funding for our
international branches and overseas banking subsidiaries and impact our ability to replace maturing borrowings and fund new assets.

Changes in the regulation and structure of the financial markets in India may adversely
impact our business.

The Indian financial markets in recent years have
experienced, and continue to experience, changes and developments aimed at reducing the cost and improving the quality of service delivery
to users of financial services. We may experience an adverse impact on the cash float and fees from our cash management business resulting
from the development and increased usage of payment systems, as well as other similar structural changes. See also
“—Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial
sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal”
.

Our subsidiaries and affiliates are also subject
to similar risks. For instance, the Indian government’s tax policies generally influence the purchase of insurance and investment
in mutual funds by customers. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—While our insurance businesses
are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability”.

The Reserve Bank of India has been permitting
the entry of new players in the financial sector, including through issuance of licenses for universal banks and small finance banks in
the private sector under the continuous licensing policy and allowing fintechs and technology companies to offer payment and other financial
services. The entry of new players has intensified competition which could impact our ability to capture business opportunities if we
are not able to adapt our business strategy to new developments. See also
“—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our industry
is very competitive and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.”

In addition, changes in laws, regulations or regulatory
policies, including changes in the interpretation or application of such laws, regulations and regulatory policies, may adversely affect
the products and services we offer, the value of our assets or the collateral or contractual comforts available for our loans or our business
in general. Changes in regulations, such as those relating to ownership, governance and corporate structure of private sector banks, management
compensation, board governance, consumer protection, sustainable finance and risk management, may have an impact on our business and our
future strategy. These changes could require us to reduce or increase our business in specific segments, increase competition, and impact
our overall growth and return on capital. We cannot predict future legal or regulatory changes. Any such regulatory or structural changes
may result in increased expenses, including enhanced compliance costs, operational restrictions, increased competition or revisions to
our business operations, which may reduce our profitability or force us to forego potentially profitable business opportunities.

The opportunities for growth in our international
operations and our ability to repatriate capital from these operations may be limited by the local regulatory environments.

Our international franchise focuses on non-resident
Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses and on deepening relationships with well-rated Indian corporates in international
markets and multinational companies to maximize the India-linked trade, transaction banking and lending opportunities within our risk
management framework. Our overseas banking subsidiaries continue to serve local markets selectively with a focus on risk management and
granularity of business. There can be no assurance of the successful execution of this strategy and the future growth and profitability
of our international operations.

Further, while both our overseas banking subsidiaries
are focused on optimizing their capital base and have repatriated capital and made dividend payments to ICICI Bank in the past, such actions
are subject to

20

Table of Contents

regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance regarding the timing
or grant of such approvals in the future. Our international branches are also subject to respective local regulatory requirements, which
may include requirements related to liquidity, capital, asset classification and provisioning.

The Board of Directors of the Bank has, pursuant to
an independent enquiry, taken action against the Ex-Managing Director & CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries
in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to
legal and regulatory actions that may result in legal and reputation risk for the Bank.

Pursuant to an independent enquiry, the Board
of Directors of the Bank decided to treat the separation of Ms. Chanda Kochhar, Ex-Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, from
the Bank as a ‘Termination for Cause’ under the Bank’s internal policies, schemes and the Code of Conduct, with all
attendant consequences. In 2020, the Bank instituted a recovery lawsuit against Ms. Kochhar for, among other things, the clawback of bonus
paid from April 2009 to March 2018. Ms. Kochhar also filed a lawsuit before Bombay High Court in January 2022 contending that her employment
termination is invalid and she is entitled to all the Employee Stock Options, which were originally allocated to her. She has also sought
an alternate prayer for relief claiming damages of Rs. 17.3 billion. Both of these lawsuits are under trial and being heard by the
single bench of Bombay High Court. Our asset management, private equity, insurance and securities broking subsidiaries are subject to
extensive regulation and supervision which can lead to increased costs or additional restrictions on their activities that could adversely
impact the Bank.

Our asset management subsidiary, ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company Limited (“ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company”), and our securities broking subsidiary, ICICI
Securities Limited (“ICICI Securities”), are subject to supervision and regulation by the Securities and Exchange Board of
India.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India, based
on any observations reported in inspection reports or reports submitted by our asset management subsidiary or securities broking subsidiary,
may take actions like issuing administrative warnings, show cause notices, penalties or initiating enforcement actions. Further, there
could be claims from investors of the funds or the portfolios managed by our subsidiary, which would be determined in the court of law
or by regulators and may impact the reputation and business of our subsidiary and us.

Our insurance businesses are also subject to extensive
regulation and supervision by India’s insurance regulator, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (“IRDAI”).
They have a large number of retail and corporate customers, from whom claims may arise, which could be determined in courts or also by
regulators, and result in determination against our insurance businesses or us or our insurance businesses’ management and employees.
The IRDAI has the authority to specify, modify and interpret regulations regarding the insurance industry, including regulations governing
products, selling commissions, solvency margins and reserving, issuance of new licenses, which can lead to additional costs or restrictions
on our insurance subsidiaries’ activities.

Further, our insurance subsidiaries are publicly
listed companies on the Indian stock exchanges, which has resulted in enhanced compliance requirements and regulatory oversight. There
can be no assurance that increased regulatory scrutiny of our insurance subsidiaries along with stringent requirements, including additional
disclosures, will not have a material adverse impact on the Bank. There could be instances where the regulator or governmental agency
may find that we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations pertaining to listed companies or their relationship with
the parent or other ICICI Group entities, or with their interpretations of laws and regulations, and may take formal or informal actions
against us and our subsidiaries or affiliates.

21

Table of Contents

Adoption of a different basis of accounting or new
accounting standards may result in changes in our reported financial position and results of operations for future and prior periods.

The financial statements and other financial information
included or incorporated by reference in this annual report are based on our unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements under
Indian GAAP. Indian corporations have transitioned to Ind AS, a revised set of accounting standards, which largely converges the Indian
accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards, as per the roadmap provided to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs,
which is the law-making authority for adoption of accounting standards in India. Some of ICICI Group non-banking finance companies have
transitioned to Ind AS. For banking and insurance companies, the implementation of Ind AS has been deferred until further notice. During
fiscal 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued a revised master directions on prudential norms on classification, valuation and operations
of investment portfolio of commercial banks, broadly based on the principles of the International Financial Reporting Standard 9, which
became effective April 1, 2024. During fiscal 2023, the Reserve Bank of India, through its discussion paper on Introduction of Expected
Credit Loss framework for provisioning by banks, proposed to adopt an expected credit loss framework based on the approach used in International
Financial Reporting Standard 9, supplemented by regulatory backstops wherever necessary. Adoption of Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments
(Standard equivalent to International Financial Reporting Standard 9), or final guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India based on
the above standards or discussion papers, would have a significant impact on the way financial assets and liabilities are classified and
measured, which may result in volatility in profit or loss and equity. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Convergence
of Indian accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards
”.

Risks relating to Our business

If the level of our non-performing assets increases
and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our business will suffer.

In recent years, banks in India, including us,
have focused on growing their retail and small business lending portfolios. While we expect the retail and small business segment to remain
a key driver of growth, a slowdown in economic growth, investment, consumption or employment or any increase in unemployment, could have
an adverse impact on the quality of our retail loan portfolio. As an example, following the outbreak of the first wave of the COVID-19
pandemic, the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India announced several measures during fiscal 2021, including a moratorium
on loan repayments for certain borrowers and an asset classification standstill benefit for overdue accounts where a moratorium had been
granted, restructuring of loans to small borrowers including individuals, small businesses and micro, small and medium enterprises, and
funding under the Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme for micro, small and medium enterprises and other stressed sectors. Our
portfolio includes lending under the guarantee scheme and loans where a resolution plan had been implemented and loans to borrowers who
had availed moratorium, that may carry higher risks compared to our overall portfolio. Recent advances in AI/machine learning, notably
the emergence of large language models and of generative pre-trained transformers, have marked a leap in the ability of technology enabled
solutions. Adoption of AI/machine learning in technology driven sectors may lead to job losses resulting in an impact on asset quality
of our retail portfolio.

Our loan portfolio includes long-term project
finance loans, which are particularly vulnerable to completion and other risks.

The viability of these projects depends upon
a number of factors, including market demand, government policies, the processes for awarding government licenses and access to natural
resources and their subsequent judicial or other review, the financial condition of the government or other entities that are the primary
customers for the output of such projects and the overall economic environment in India and the international markets. In the past, we
have experienced a high level of default and restructuring in our industrial and manufacturing project finance loan portfolio. Our loans
to the power sector as a proportion of total loans declined from 3.1% at March 31, 2019 to 0.9% at March 31, 2025. Power

22

Table of Contents

projects face a variety of risks, including access to fuel such as
coal and gas, volatility in pricing of power and off-take of the power produced. In addition, power projects inherently have high leverage
levels.

Our loan portfolio also includes project finance,
corporate finance, and working capital loans to commodity-based sectors such as iron and steel, other metals and mining, which are subject
to similar and additional risks, as well as global commodity price cycles. Further, the growing focus on climate change and national commitments
towards a low-carbon economy may impact the flow of capital to specific sectors and could lead to structural shifts in these sectors,
and the overall economy. It is difficult to assess the impact of these changes, which can expose us to new risks and challenges in managing
the loan portfolio.

Our portfolio also includes purchases of retail
asset pools of home finance companies and non-banking finance companies, that may expose us to additional risks, including the failure
of the underlying borrowers to perform as anticipated, risks arising out of weakness in the financial position or operations of the originators,
who are generally responsible for collections and servicing, and additional mark-to-market provisions where the purchases are structured
as securitized instruments classified as investments. In addition, challenges in certain sectors like real estate, such as the inability
of real estate developers to complete and deliver residential properties for which we have provided loans to customers, may impact the
repayment behavior of the customers and result in higher delinquencies and non-performing loans. See also
“—Risks relating
to India and other economic and market risks—A prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer”

and
“—Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks—A significant change in the Indian government’s
policies, including economic policies, fiscal policies and structural reforms, could adversely affect our business and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs”.

The Reserve Bank of India has substantially expanded
its guidance relating to the identification of non-performing assets over the last few years, which has resulted in an increase in our
loans classified as non-performing and an increase in provisions. Nevertheless, these provisions may not be adequate to cover further
increases in the amount of non-performing loans or further deterioration in our non-performing loan portfolio. In addition, the Reserve
Bank of India’s annual supervisory process may assess higher provisions than we have made. In the event that additional provisioning
is required by the Reserve Bank of India, our net income, balance sheet and capital adequacy could be affected, which could have a material
adverse impact on our business, financial performance, ability to implement our strategy, shareholders’ equity and the price of
our equity shares and ADSs. The Reserve Bank of India also requires banks to disclose the divergence in asset classification and provisioning
between what banks report and what the Reserve Bank of India assesses through its annual supervisory process. There can be no assurance
that such disclosures in the future will not impact us, our reputation, our business or financial performance. Our subsidiaries and affiliates
are also regulated by their respective regulatory bodies. Similar to the Bank, there may arise a requirement for additional disclosures
from our subsidiaries and affiliates in the future, which may have an adverse impact on us.

If the level of our non-performing assets increases
and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our provisioning costs could increase, our net interest income and net interest
margin could be negatively impacted due to non-accrual of income on non-performing loans, our credit ratings and liquidity may be adversely
impacted, we may become subject to enhanced regulatory oversight and scrutiny, and our reputation, our business, our financial performance
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely impacted. The Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 131.0 billion
at March 31, 2025. There can be no assurance of the adequacy of these provisions, or the level of additional provisions that will be required.

Any adverse economic, regulatory, legal developments
and natural disasters like the COVID-19 pandemic could cause further increases in the level of our non-performing assets and have a material
adverse impact on the quality of our loan portfolio and business.

See also “
—Risks relating to our
business—Our loan portfolio includes long-term project finance loans, which are particularly vulnerable to completion and other
risks” and “—Risks relating to our business—We

23

Table of Contents

have a high concentration of loans to certain customers, borrower
groups and sectors and if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of our loan portfolio, our business
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected
”.

We have a high concentration of loans to certain customers,
borrower groups and sectors and if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of our loan portfolio,
our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Our loans and advances to the retail segment constituted
53.1% of our gross advances (gross loans) at March 31, 2025. Our loans and advances to the rural finance segment were 5.7%, services-finance
sector were 5.8%, the infrastructure sector (excluding power) were 2.7%, the wholesale/retail trade sector were 6.7%, and the power sector
were 0.9% of our gross loans and advances at March 31, 2025.

Banks are subject to the Reserve Bank of India’s
framework for large exposures with limits on exposure of banks to a single counterparty and a group of connected counterparties. As per
this framework, the sum of all the exposure values of a bank to a single counterparty must not be higher than 20.0% of the bank’s
available eligible capital base (i.e., Tier 1 capital) at all times and the sum of all the exposure values of a bank to a group of connected
counterparties must not be higher than 25.0% of the bank’s available eligible capital base at all times. At year-end fiscal 2025,
our largest single counterparty accounted for 15.6% of our Tier I capital fund. The largest group of connected counterparties accounted
for 18.7% of our Tier I capital fund.

Banks are also subject to the Reserve Bank of
India’s guidelines proposing that large borrowers should reduce reliance on banks for their additional funding and access market
borrowings and other funding sources. Borrowers to be considered for this purpose were those having an aggregate fund-based credit limit
of Rs. 100.0 billion. Loans from banks in excess of 50.0% of the incremental funds raised by these borrowers attracts higher risk
weights and provisioning.

These guidelines, and our focus on controlling
and reducing concentration risk, may restrict our ability to grow our business with some customers, thereby impacting our earnings. There
can be no assurance that we will be successful in controlling the concentration risk and that we will be able to successfully grow our
operating profits while controlling non-performing loans and provisions.

The value of our collateral may decrease or we may
experience delays in enforcing our collateral when borrowers default on their obligations to us which may result in failure to recover
the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential loss.

A material portion of our loans to corporate and
retail customers are secured by collateral. See also “
Business—Loan Portfolio—Collateral—Completion, Perfection
and Enforcement
”. Changes in asset prices may cause the value of our collateral to decline, and we may not be able to realize
the full value of our collateral as a result of delays in bankruptcy and foreclosure proceedings, delays in the creation of security interests,
defects or deficiencies in the perfection of collateral, including due to the inability to obtain approvals that may be required from
various persons, agencies or authorities, fraudulent transfers by borrowers and other factors, including depreciation in the value of
the collateral and illiquid market for disposal of and volatility in the market prices for the collateral, current legislative provisions
or changes thereto and past or future judicial pronouncements.

In India, foreclosure on collateral consisting
of property can be undertaken directly by lenders by fulfilling certain procedures and requirements (unless challenged in courts of law)
or otherwise by a application to an Indian court or tribunal. An application or, when made, a legal challenge to the foreclosure undertaken
directly, may be subject to delays or administrative requirements that may result in, or be accompanied by, a decrease in the value of
collateral. These delays can last for several years and might lead to deterioration in the physical condition or market value of the collateral.
In the event that a corporate borrower is in financial difficulty and unable to sustain itself, it may opt for the process of voluntary
insolvency/winding up. Corporate borrowers may voluntarily, or by creditor action be admitted to the

24

Table of Contents

insolvency resolution process under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
2016. During the period of resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, there is a moratorium on foreclosure and other recovery
proceedings by the lenders. In some cases we may foreclose on collateral in lieu of collecting the principal and interest due, but
may experience delays in liquidating the collateral.

The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 provides
for a time-bound mechanism to resolve stressed assets. Further, the Reserve Bank of India’s prudential framework for resolution
of stressed assets requires banks to implement a plan to resolve any overdue account within timelines as approved by the board and may
include legal proceedings for insolvency or recovery. The process of resolution of accounts referred under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy
Code is still evolving, with periodic amendments being incorporated in the framework through both legislation and judicial decisions.
A few large accounts have been resolved under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code since fiscal 2019. However, uncertainties continue and
there are delays in the resolution of accounts referred under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. Should the resolution of accounts not
be achieved and the borrowers go into liquidation, the market value of the collateral may come down thus impacting the recovery of dues
by lenders. There can be no assurance of the level of recovery, even in cases where a resolution is achieved.

In addition, for collateral we hold in jurisdictions
outside India, the applicable laws and regulations in such jurisdictions may impact our ability to foreclose on collateral and realize
its value. Failure to recover the expected value of collateral could expose us to potential losses, which could adversely affect our financial
performance, our stockholders’ equity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Our banking and trading activities are particularly
vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed
income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance.

Interest rates in India are impacted by a range
of factors including inflation, fiscal deficit and government borrowing, monetary policy and market liquidity. Due to the reserve requirements
of the Reserve Bank of India, we may be more structurally exposed to interest rate risk than banks in other countries. See also “
Supervision
and Regulation—Legal Reserve Requirements
”. These requirements result in our maintaining a large portfolio of fixed income
Government of India securities, and we could be materially adversely impacted by a rise in interest rates, especially if the rise were
sudden or sharp. A rise in yields on government securities reduces our realized and marked-to-market gains and the value of our fixed
income portfolio. The requirement to maintain a large portfolio of government securities and other liquid assets to comply with reserve
requirements and the liquidity coverage ratio also has a negative impact on our net interest income and net interest margin because we
earn interest on a portion of our assets at rates that are generally less favorable than those typically received on our other interest-earning
assets.

If the yield on our interest-earning assets does
not increase at the same time or to the same extent as our cost of funds, or if our cost of funds does not decline at the same time or
to the same extent as the decrease in yield on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income and net interest margin would be adversely
impacted. A slower growth in low-cost deposits in the form of current and savings account deposits compared to total deposits would result
in an increase in the cost of funds and could adversely impact our net interest margin if we are not able to pass on the increase to borrowers. Introduction
of higher deposit interest rates, by banks with whom we compete may also lead to revisions in our deposit rates to remain competitive
and this could adversely impact our cost of funds.

The Reserve Bank of India mandates the linking
of interest rates on new floating rate retail loans and floating rate loans to micro and small enterprises, and floating rate loans to
medium enterprises, to an external benchmark. Since our funding is primarily fixed rate, volatility in external benchmarks underlying
loan pricing may cause volatility in or compress our net interest margin. If there are increases in our cost of funds and if we are unable
to pass on the increases fully into our lending rates, our net interest margins and profitability would be adversely impacted. Such revisions
in external benchmark lending rates may impact the yield on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income and net interest margin.
At year-end fiscal 2025, approximately 54.0% of the Bank’s domestic loan portfolio was linked to external benchmarks.

25

Table of Contents

We are also exposed to interest rate risk through
our treasury operations as well as the operations of certain of our subsidiaries and affiliates, including ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, which have a portfolio of fixed income securities, and ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited, which is a primary dealer in Government of India securities. In our asset management business, we manage money
market, debt and hybrid mutual fund schemes whose performance is impacted by a rise in interest rates, which adversely impacts our revenues
and profits from this business. See also “
—Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks—A prolonged
slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer.
”

High and increasing interest rates or greater
interest rate volatility and differential movement between external benchmarks underlying loan pricing and our cost of funding may adversely
affect our ability to grow, our net interest margins, our net interest income, our income from treasury operations and the value of our
fixed income securities portfolio as well as the operations of certain of our subsidiaries. On the other hand, lower interest rates may
impact margins, given the competitiveness in mobilizing deposits could entail keeping deposit rates at an attractive level.

Our inability to effectively manage credit, market
and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization,
credit ratings and cost of funds.

Our risk management strategies may not be effective
because, in a difficult or less liquid market environment, other market participants may be attempting to use the same or similar strategies
to deal with difficult market conditions. In such circumstances, it may be difficult for us to reduce our risk positions due to the activity
of such other market participants. Our derivatives businesses may expose us to unexpected market, credit and operational risks that could
cause us to suffer unexpected losses or enhanced regulatory scrutiny. Severe declines in asset values, unanticipated credit events, or
unforeseen circumstances that may cause previously uncorrelated factors to become correlated may create losses resulting from risks not
appropriately taken into account in the development, structuring or pricing of a derivative instrument. In addition, some derivative transactions
are not cleared and settled through a central clearing house or exchange, and they may not always be confirmed or settled by counterparties
on a timely basis. In these situations, we are subject to heightened credit and operational risk, and in the event of a default, we may
find the contract more difficult to enforce. Further, as new and more complex derivative products are created, disputes regarding the
terms or the settlement procedures of the contracts could arise, which could force us to incur unexpected costs, including transaction
and legal costs, and impair our ability to manage effectively our risk exposure to these products. Many of our hedging strategies and
other risk management techniques have a basis in historic market behavior, and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree
on management’s subjective judgment. To the extent any of the instruments and strategies we use to hedge or otherwise manage our
exposure to market or credit risk are not effective, we may not be able to mitigate effectively our risk exposures in particular market
environments or against particular types of risk. Our balance sheet growth is dependent upon economic conditions and our ability to securitize,
sell, purchase or syndicate particular loans or loan portfolios. Our trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon our ability
to properly identify, and mark-to-market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or rates. Our
earnings are dependent upon the effectiveness of our management of migrations in credit quality and risk concentrations, the accuracy
of our valuation models and our critical accounting estimates and the adequacy of our allowances for loan losses. The risk of future pandemics,
climate change, geopolitical conflicts and related economic disruption have significantly complicated risk management for banks, including
us, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate the changes in our risk exposures.

26

Table of Contents

To the extent our assessments, assumptions or
estimates prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, we could suffer higher than anticipated losses and enhanced regulatory
scrutiny. The successful management of credit, market and operational risk is an important consideration in managing our liquidity risk
because it affects the evaluation of our credit ratings by domestic and international rating agencies. Rating agencies may reduce or indicate
their intention to reduce the ratings at any time. See also “
—Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks—Any
downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt by an international rating agency could
adversely affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”. The rating agencies can also decide
to withdraw their ratings altogether, which may have the same effect as a reduction in our ratings. We are rated by certain Indian rating
agencies, which include CRISIL, CARE and ICRA, with a long-term rating of AAA and a stable outlook. However, there is no assurance that
we will always be able to maintain the highest rating and any significant decline in our business or capital position or increase in non-performing
loans could impact our rating or outlook. Any reduction in or withdrawal of our ratings may increase our borrowing costs, limit our access
to capital markets and adversely affect our ability to sell or market our products, engage in business transactions particularly longer-term,
and derivatives transactions, or retain our customers. Conditions in the international and Indian debt markets may adversely impact
our access to financing and liquidity. This, in turn, could reduce our liquidity and negatively impact our operating results and financial
condition. For more information, relating to our ratings, see also “
Business—Risk Management—Market Risk—Liquidity
Risk.
”

Our funding is primarily short-term and if depositors
do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely affected.

Most of our incremental funding requirements are
met through short-term funding sources, primarily in the form of deposits including current and savings account deposits, term deposits
from retail customers, term deposits from corporate customers and interbank deposits. Our customer deposits generally have a maturity
of less than two years with an option of early withdrawal before contractual maturity. A large portion of our assets have medium or long-term
maturities, creating the potential for funding mismatches. For instance, our mortgage loans and corporate term loans typically have longer-term
maturities compared to our funding profile.

Our international branches are primarily funded
by debt capital market issuances and syndicated/bilateral loans, while our international subsidiaries generally raise deposits in their
local markets. Volatility in the international debt markets may constrain our international capital market borrowings. There can be no
assurance that our international branches and subsidiaries will be able to obtain funding from the international debt markets or other
sources in a timely manner on acceptable terms. This may adversely impact our ability to replace maturing borrowings and fund new assets.
In addition, borrowers who have taken foreign currency loans from us may face challenges in meeting their repayment obligations on account
of market conditions and currency movements. See also “
—Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks—Financial
instability in other countries, particularly countries where we have established operations, could adversely affect our business.
”

A determination against us in respect of disputed
tax assessments may adversely impact our financial performance.

We are regularly assessed by the Government of
India’s tax authorities, and, on account of outstanding tax demands, we have included in our contingent liabilities Rs. 160.7
billion in additional taxes in excess of our provisions as of March 31, 2025. These additional tax demands mainly relate to income tax,
service tax, goods and services tax, sales tax and value added tax and do not include further disputed tax assessments considered as remote.
These further disputed tax assessments, where the possibility of liability arising has been considered remote based on favorable Supreme
Court of India decisions in our own or other similar cases, amount to Rs. 133.7 billion, of which: Rs. 60.2 billion mainly relates
to disallowance of provision for insurance claims, disallowance for non-deduction of tax on certain expenses, disallowance of exempt income,

27

Table of Contents

non-payment of goods and services tax on co-insurance premium, re-insurance
commission, and motor salvage and reimbursement; Rs. 49.5 billion pertains to the demand on account of incorrect tax rate considered by
tax authority; Rs. 21.8 billion mainly relates to tax on bad debts written off, broken period interest and penalties levied; and
Rs. 2.2 billion pertaining to errors requiring rectification by tax authorities. See also “
Business—Legal and Regulatory
Proceedings
”. Further, we are subject to various ongoing inquiries by the tax authorities through investigations and notices
that mainly consist of levy of goods and services tax on services provided by the Bank to customers maintaining specified minimum balances
in their deposit accounts. This is an industry wide issue, and ICICI Group is contesting its potential liability with the tax authorities.
Tax-related inquiries are usually not included in contingent liabilities as the demanded amount is not yet established. However, we believe
that, based on judicial precedent, such proceedings will not be upheld by judicial authorities.

We have contested all of these issues which are
the subject matter of investigations initiated or unfavorable orders issued by the tax authorities. While we expect that no additional
liability will arise out of these matters based on our consultations with tax counsel, favorable decisions in our own and other cases
and as per an internal assessment conducted by ICICI Group, there can be no assurance that these matters will be settled in our favor
or that no further liability will arise out of these demands. Any additional tax liability may adversely impact our financial performance
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Negative publicity could damage our reputation and
adversely impact our business and financial results and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Reputation risk, or the risk to our business,
earnings and capital from negative publicity, is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion about the financial services industry
generally or us specifically could adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers and expose us to litigation or regulatory
action. Negative publicity can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, specific
credit exposures, the level of non-performing loans, corporate governance, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and related
disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection of customer information, and actions taken by government, regulators, investigative agencies,
courts and community organizations in response to that conduct. Being a large financial services organization, we are exposed to media
coverage and public scrutiny of our business practices, our Board of Directors, key management personnel, policies and actions. Although
we take steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with such events, we are inherently exposed to this risk.

Any additional unfavorable publicity may adversely
impact investor confidence and affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. Our subsidiaries’ businesses include mutual fund,
portfolio and private equity fund management, which are exposed to various risks including diminution in value of investments and inadequate
liquidity of the investments. We also distribute products of our insurance, asset management and private equity subsidiaries. Investors
in these funds and schemes may allege mismanagement or weak fund management as well as mis-selling and conflicts of interest, which may
impact our overall reputation as a financial services group and may require us to support these businesses with liquidity and may result
in a reduction in business volumes and revenues from these businesses. We are also exposed to the risk of litigation, claims or disputes
by customers, counterparties or other constituents across our businesses.

The exposures of our international branches and banking
subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The loan portfolios of our international branches
and banking subsidiaries include foreign currency loans to Indian companies for their Indian operations (where permitted by regulation)
and their overseas ventures, including cross-border acquisitions. This exposes us to specific additional risks including the failure of
the acquired entities to perform as expected, and our inexperience in various aspects of the economic and legal framework in overseas
markets. We are, through our international branches and banking subsidiaries, also exposed to a variety of credit risks in local markets,
where our expertise and experience may be limited. Our

28

Table of Contents

international profile has also increased the complexity of our risks
in a number of areas including price risks, currency risks, interest rate risks, compliance risk, regulatory and reputational risk and
operational risk. We also face risks arising from our ability to manage inconsistent legal and regulatory requirements in the multiple
jurisdictions in which we operate. Our businesses are subject to changes in legal and regulatory requirements, and it may not be possible
to predict the timing or nature of such changes. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated
sector—The opportunities for growth in our international operations and our ability to repatriate capital from these operations
may be limited by the local regulatory environments.
” Business opportunities in these jurisdictions will also determine the
growth in our operations.

Global developments including tariffs and other
trade disputes could impact economic growth in Canada and the United Kingdom, which in turn could impact the business of our banking subsidiaries
in these countries. Our international branches and banking subsidiaries undertake select local banking businesses, including lending to
multinational and local corporations, small businesses, property backed lending and insured and other mortgages, and in the event of these
corporations being impacted by global and local economic conditions it could have an adverse impact on our business. Our international
branches and banking subsidiaries have also made investments in bonds, certificates of deposit, mortgage-backed securities, treasury bills
and asset-backed commercial paper.

Our international business strategy currently
focuses on the non-resident Indian community and on India-linked business. Our overseas banking subsidiaries will continue to serve local
markets selectively with a focus on risk mitigation and granularity of business. There can be no assurance of our successful execution
of this strategy. Moreover, the risk of future pandemics and financial crises may also increase challenges for our international branches
and banking subsidiaries. If we are unable to manage these risks, our business would be adversely affected. The classification of the
loan portfolio of our international branches and banking subsidiaries is also subject to the regulations of respective local regulators. Such
loans that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than record of recovery, but which are standard
as per the current Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are classified as non-performing to the extent of the amount of outstanding loan
in the host country. Overseas regulators may also require higher provisions against loans held in their jurisdictions.

Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing
loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business.

The growth of our retail, rural and small business
loan portfolios exposes us to increased risks within India, including higher levels of non-performing loans in our unsecured retail credit
portfolio, increased operational, fraud, regulatory and legal risks. We continue to focus on scaling up our retail lending volumes and
have seen an increase in our retail unsecured portfolio and our lending to small businesses and entrepreneurs. Retail lending, including
unsecured retail credit, has been an important driver of growth for the Indian banking system. We have also entered into partnerships
with technology companies with large customer bases to offer co-branded credit products and as well as with non-banking financial companies
for co-origination and/or purchases of loans. We intend to continue to pursue similar partnerships.

While we have taken measures to address the risks
in these businesses, there can be no assurance that the businesses would perform according to our expectations or that there would not
be any adverse developments in these businesses in the future. We use data analytics extensively in our lending to retail and small business
customers, and there can be no assurance that these analytical models will perform as intended. Our focus on partnerships with other entities
to grow our portfolio may not yield the desired results and may lead to additional risks. Our inability to manage such risks may have
an adverse impact on our future business and strategy, our asset quality and profitability and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

29

Table of Contents

Commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit
on foreign exchange transactions and other sources of fee income are important elements of our profitability, and regulatory changes or changes in
market conditions could cause these income streams to decline and adversely impact our financial performance.

We earn commission, exchange and brokerage income
from a variety of activities, including loan processing, syndication and advisory services for corporate clients with respect to their
acquisition and project financing, distribution of retail investment and insurance products, transaction banking and retail credit products.
Our commission, exchange and brokerage income is therefore impacted by the level of corporate activity including new financing proposals,
the demand for retail financial products and the overall level of economic and trade activity. Our commission, exchange and brokerage
income is also impacted by applicable regulations governing various products and segments of financial services and changes in these regulations
may adversely impact our income streams and ability to grow our business. Our fee income from distribution of third-party financial products
is dependent on applicable regulations, the demand for these products and our distribution strategy for banking and third party products.

Our industry is very competitive and our strategy
depends on our ability to compete effectively.

Within the Indian market, we face intense competition
from other commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies, non-bank finance companies, new private sector banks like payments
banks and small finance banks and non-bank entities offering retail payments services. Some Indian public and private sector banks have
experienced higher growth and increase in market shares relative to us. The expansion of existing competitors or the entry of new competitors
could increase competition for products and services. There could be greater competition for business opportunities if there is a slowdown
in growth in the Indian banking sector. The establishment of account aggregators, permitted by the Reserve Bank of India, facilitates
sharing of customer data with different financial service providers from whom customers may be seeking loans or other products and may
increase competition by making it easier for new entrants to onboard customers at a lower cost than traditional models. These moves may
significantly impact competition in the industry, especially for deposits and retail products.

Further, technology innovations in mobility and
digitization of financial services require banks and financial services companies to continuously develop new and simplified models for
offering banking products and services. The emergence of new platforms, or new operating models or new types of banks or other entities
offering digital banking solutions, are trends that could increase competitive pressures on banks, including us. Innovations in the payments
system and increasing use of mobile banking are leading to emergence of new platforms for cashless payments. This can also lead to new
types of banks expanding their presence in other financial products like insurance and mutual funds. Non-financial companies, particularly
international technology companies including large e-commerce players and internet-based service providers are increasing their presence
in the financial sector and are offering payment platforms and select services. We are currently partnering with some of these entities
to jointly offer payment and credit products and services. Some or all of these entities, which have substantially more resources than
us and other Indian banks, may eventually seek a larger share of the banking and financial services market in India and compete with us.
Our subsidiaries also face similar risks, including enhanced competition from new, technology-led players with disruptive business models
that may result in a loss of market share or reduced profitability or both, for existing players. There is no assurance that we will
be able to continue to respond promptly to new technological developments and be in a position to participate in new market opportunities
or dedicate resources to upgrade our systems and compete with new players entering the market. See also “
—Risks relating
to technology—The growing use of technology in banking and financial services creates additional risks of competition, reliability
and security”.

We face competition from non-banking finance companies
that are lending in segments in which banks also have a presence, including home loans and vehicle loans. Their presence in the market
may grow during periods when banks are unable to grow their advances due to challenges and stress in other businesses. There is no assurance
that we will be able to effectively compete with these non-banking finance companies at all

30

Table of Contents

times. Further, changes in the banking sector structure due to consolidation
as well as entry of new competitors may lead to volatility and new challenges and may increase pressure on banks to remain competitive.

Any changes in the banking structure in India,
including the entry of new banks, greater competition between existing players and improvement in the efficiency and competitiveness of
existing banks, may have an adverse impact on our business. Due to competitive pressures, we may be unable to successfully execute our
growth strategy or offer products and services at reasonable returns and this may adversely impact our business. See also “
Business—Competition
”.

In our international operations we also face competition
from the full range of competitors in the financial services industry, both banks and non-banks and both Indian and foreign banks. We
remain a small to mid-size player in the international market and many of our competitors have resources much greater than our own.

There is operational risk associated with the financial
industry which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business.

We, like all financial institutions, are exposed
to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions
by employees and third parties (including violation of regulations for prevention of corrupt practices, and other regulations governing
our business activities), misreporting or non-reporting with respect to statutory, legal or regulatory reporting and disclosure obligations,
or operational errors, including non-compliance with internal processes, clerical or recordkeeping and reconciliation errors or errors
resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems. We have experienced significant growth in a fast-changing environment, and
management as well as our regulators are aware that this may pose significant challenges to our control framework. As a result of our
internal evaluations, we and our regulators have noted certain areas where our processes and controls could be improved. Our growth, particularly
in retail, small business and rural lending, our international business and our insurance businesses, and our extensive use of digital
technology, expose us to additional operational and control risks. Regulatory scrutiny of areas related to operational risk, including
internal audit information, systems and data processing is increasing. Our inability to manage operational risk and ensure the resilience
of our systems and infrastructure may lead to regulatory action against us. The large size of our treasury and retail operations, which
use automated control and recording systems as well as manual checks and recordkeeping, exposes us to the risk of errors in control, recordkeeping
and reconciliation. The increasing size of our insurance business and the complexities of the products expose us to the risk that the
models set up on actuarial software to compute the actuarial liabilities and deferred acquisition cost may contain errors or may require
continuous improvement over a period of time. Given our high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before
they are discovered and successfully rectified. In addition, our dependence on automated systems to record, process and monitor and/or
review transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws, employee tampering, manipulation of those systems and deficiency
in access control management will result in losses that are difficult to detect. We may also be subject to disruptions of our operating
systems, arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control (including, for instance, computer viruses or electrical
or telecommunication outages), which may give rise to deterioration in customer service and to loss or liability to us.

We also outsource some functions, like collections,
sourcing of retail loans and management of ATMs to other entities and hence we are also exposed to the risk that external vendors may
be unable to fulfil their contractual obligations to us (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective
employees as we are), and to the risk that our (or our vendors’) business continuity and data security systems prove not to be sufficiently
adequate. We also face the risk that the design of our controls and procedures proves inadequate, or is circumvented, thereby causing
delays in detection or errors in information. We are also exposed to operational risks from transactions with other financial institutions
and intermediaries. Although we maintain a system of controls designed to keep operational risk at appropriate

31

Table of Contents

levels, like all banks and insurance companies we have suffered losses
from operational risk. There can be no assurance that we will not suffer losses from operational risks in the future that may be material
in amount, and our reputation could be adversely affected by the occurrence of any such events involving our employees, customers or third
parties.

In addition, regulators or governmental authorities
or courts may also hold banks, including us, liable for losses on account of customer errors such as inadvertent sharing of confidential
account related information. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system especially of controls and procedures,
including the possibility of human error, circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures, in a fast-changing environment or
when entering new areas of business or expanding geographic reach. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can
only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. We are committed to continuing to implement and improve internal
controls and our risk management processes, and this remains a key priority for us. If, however, we are unable to manage operational risk
in India and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate, or if we are perceived as being unable to manage such risk, we may be subject
to enhanced regulatory oversight and scrutiny. For a discussion of how operational risk is managed, see also “
Business—Risk
Management—Market Risk—Operational Risk
”.

Our failure to establish, maintain and apply an adequate
internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results
of operations.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and preparation and fair presentation of our published Indian GAAP consolidated financial statements and disclosures relating to U.S.
GAAP net income reconciliation, stockholders’ equity reconciliation and other disclosures as required by the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission and applicable GAAP. Our management is required to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting and disclose whether such internal controls are effective. Our independent registered public accounting firm must conduct an
audit to evaluate and render an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. See “
Management—Summary
Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices—Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
”.

We have established internal controls over financial
reporting, as well as policies and procedures for evaluating those controls, in order to provide reasonable assurance of the reliability
of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements. However, these controls may not prevent or detect errors. Any
evaluation of effectiveness of future periods is subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. To the extent any issues are identified through the
foregoing processes, there can be no assurance that we will be able to resolve them in a timely manner or at all. If this occurs, our
reputation may be damaged, which could lead to a decline in investor confidence in us and may adversely affect our business, financial
conditions and results of operations.

We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations in
foreign exchange rates.

Certain of our borrowers enter into derivatives
contracts to manage their foreign exchange risk exposures. Volatility in exchange rates may result in increased mark-to-market losses
in derivatives transactions for our clients. Upon the maturity or premature termination of the derivatives contracts, these mark-to-market
losses become receivables owed to us. Consequently, we become exposed to various kinds of risks including, but not limited to, credit
risk, market risk and exchange risk.

Exchange rates are impacted by a number of factors
including volatility of international capital markets, geopolitical events, interest rates and monetary policy stance in developed economies
like the United States, level of inflation and interest rates in India, the balance of payment position and trends in economic activity.
Rising volatility in capital flows due to changes in monetary policy in the United States or other economies or a reduction in risk appetite
or increase in risk aversion among global investors and consequent reduction in global liquidity may impact the Indian economy and financial
markets.

32

Table of Contents

During fiscal 2024, the rupee depreciated to Rs. 83.40
per U.S. dollar at March 31, 2024 from Rs. 82.18 per U.S. dollar at March 31, 2023. The higher for longer narrative for U.S. rates
helped in keeping the dollar stronger throughout the year, with dollar index appreciating by 1.9% during fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2025,
the rupee further depreciated to Rs. 85.48 per U.S. dollar at March 28, 2025. The depreciation in the rupee was on account of capital
flows from October 2024 onwards. See also “—
Risks relating to our business—Any adverse
impact on India’s external position due to an increase in the price of crude oil, the current account deficit, the outflow of foreign
capital or exchange rate volatility could adversely affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business
”.

Some of our borrowers with foreign exchange and
derivatives exposures may be adversely impacted by the depreciation of the rupee. These include borrowers impacted by higher rupee denominated
interest or principal repayment on unhedged foreign currency borrowings; increases in the cost of raw material imports where there is
limited ability to pass through such escalations to customers; and the escalation of project costs due to higher imported equipment costs;
and borrowers that may have taken adverse positions in the foreign exchange markets. The failure of our borrowers to manage their exposures
to foreign exchange and derivatives risk, particularly adverse movements and volatility in foreign exchange rates, may adversely affect
our borrowers and consequently the quality of our exposure to our borrowers and our business volumes and profitability.

Further, any increased intervention in the foreign
exchange market or other measures by the Reserve Bank of India to control the volatility of the exchange rate, may result in a decline
in India’s foreign exchange reserves and reduced liquidity and higher interest rates in the Indian economy. Prolonged periods of
volatility in exchange rates, reduced liquidity and high interest rates could adversely affect our business, our financial performance
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. A sharp depreciation in the exchange rate may also impact some corporate borrowers having
foreign currency obligations that are not fully hedged.

An increase in non-performing or restructured
assets on account of our borrowers’ inability to manage exchange rate risk and any increased capital or provisioning requirement
against such exposures may have an adverse impact on our profitability, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. We
have adopted certain risk management policies to mitigate such risk. However, there is no assurance that such measures will be fully effective
in mitigating such risks.

We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions,
divest our existing businesses, or be required to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and could face integration and other
acquisitions risks.

We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions
or be required to undertake mergers mandated by the Reserve Bank of India under its statutory powers. In the past, we have undertaken
mergers and acquisitions. In some cases, the Reserve Bank of India has ordered mergers of weak banks with other banks primarily in the
interest of depositors of the weak banks. For example, the Government of India announced the amalgamation of 10 public sector banks into
four larger banks in 2020 as part of a consolidation measure to create fewer banks that are individually larger in scale. We may in the
future examine and seek opportunities for acquisitions. Our subsidiaries in India may also undertake mergers, acquisitions and takeovers
in India or internationally.

33

Table of Contents

We may also increase or reduce our shareholding
in our subsidiaries and affiliates, or divest other existing businesses wholly or partially, for a variety of reasons including changes
in strategic focus, redeployment of capital, contractual obligations and regulatory requirements. Mergers and acquisitions by our subsidiaries
could lead to reduction in our shareholding in such subsidiaries (including to below majority ownership in certain subsidiaries), and,
under applicable laws, may require us to reduce our shareholding to 30.0% or less unless we receive regulatory and governmental approval
to maintain a higher level of shareholding, which may be subject to various conditions including divestment to the required level of 30.0%
within a specified timeframe. During fiscal 2022, following the completion of a previously announced all-stock merger by ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited, the Bank’s shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited decreased to 48.1%,
and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be a subsidiary of the Bank. In May 2023, the Board of the Bank approved
acquisition of up to 4.0% of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's shareholding, to make it a subsidiary of the Bank, subject
to receipt of necessary regulatory approvals. During fiscal 2024, the Bank received regulatory approval and through the stock exchange
mechanism had acquired the additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in multiple tranches, resulting into increase
in shareholding of more than 50.0%. Consequently, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an affiliate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank.

At March 31, 2024, the Bank held 74.73% of
the equity shares of its broking subsidiary, ICICI Securities with the remaining 25.27% of the equity shares held by public
shareholders. In June 2023, the Boards of Directors of the Bank and ICICI Securities approved a scheme of arrangement for delisting
of equity shares of ICICI Securities (the “Scheme”) under Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares)
Regulations, 2021, subject to receipt of requisite approvals. Following the receipt of necessary approvals, with effect from March
24, 2025, ICICI Securities has become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank and has been delisted from the stock exchanges.
On March 26, 2025, the Bank allotted its equity shares to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities as of the record date, in
accordance with the swap ratio of 67 to 100, as provided in the Scheme.

On May 8, 2025, the Board of Directors of ICICI
Venture Funds Management Company Limited (“ICICI Venture”) and the Board of Directors of ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company, in their respective meetings, approved, in principle, a proposal to transfer the private equity, venture capital and real estate
fund management businesses of ICICI Venture to ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company. ICICI Venture would continue to undertake certain
advisory activities as well as manage certain residual funds. The proposed transaction would enable the offering of an integrated full
range of investment asset classes, including private equity, by ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company. The transaction would be subject
to the receipt of requisite regulatory and other approvals, completion of other procedures and entering into the necessary agreements.

In February 2025, the Bank’s joint venture
partner Prudential PLC, made an announcement regarding a potential listing of and partial divestment of its stake in ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company, subject to market conditions, requisite approvals and other considerations. However, the Bank intends to retain
our majority shareholding in ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company. In June 2025, the Board of Directors of the Bank had approved
purchase of up to 2.0% additional shareholding in the ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company, subject to receipt of requisite approvals.
This purchase will primarily be towards maintaining the Bank’s majority shareholding in the event of grant of stock-based compensation
by the ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company.

ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company (“the
Company”) has filed a Draft Red Herring Prospectus (“DRHP”) dated July 8, 2025 with Securities and Exchange Board of India, BSE Limited
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited for an initial public offering (“IPO”) comprising of an offer for sale (“OFS”) of equity shares
held by Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited (“PCHL”) in the Company, representing up to 10% of the equity share capital of the Company.
The IPO and the amount of the OFS shall be subject to market conditions, requisite approvals and other considerations. Additionally, on
July 8, 2025, the Bank has entered into an inter-se agreement with PCHL stating its intention to purchase up to 2% of fully diluted pre-IPO
share capital of the Company from PCHL, prior to the consummation of the IPO. This would be subject to finalization amongst both parties
of relevant terms, requisite corporate and statutory approvals as may be required by each of the parties, applicable law and other considerations.

The Board of Directors of the Bank at its board
meeting held on July 19, 2025, approved the acquisition of 100% shareholding in ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited
(ICICI PFM) from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited to make ICICI PFM a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, subject to RBI,
PFRDA and other necessary approvals. The Board of Directors of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited has at their meeting on
July 19, 2025, approved the sale of entire 100% of equity shareholding held in the Bank, subject to approval of the regulatory and statutory authorities, as per applicable regulations. ICICI PFM is a registered
pension fund manager under the National Pension Scheme (NPS). Pension Fund Regulatory & Development Authority had provided approval
to ICICI PFM to act as a point of presence under NPS distribution and servicing for public at large through physical as well as online
platform. Currently, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited holds 100% in ICICI PFM.

34

Table of Contents

Any future acquisitions or mergers or takeovers,
whether by us or our subsidiaries, may involve a number of risks that may include the possibility of a deterioration of asset quality,
quality of business and business operations, financial impact of employee related liabilities, changes in economic and financial market
conditions, and diversion of our management’s attention required to integrate the acquired business. Risks may also include the
failure to retain key acquired personnel and clients, leverage synergies or rationalize operations, or develop the skills required for
new businesses and markets. We are also at risk of liabilities including any ongoing litigation, claims or disputes concerning such acquisition,
merger, its shareholders, share capital or its legal and regulatory compliance obligations or practices. Some or all of these risks could
have an adverse effect on our business or that of our subsidiaries.

We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information
about customers and counterparties.

In deciding whether to extend credit or enter
into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of customers and
counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We may also rely on certain representations as to the
accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of their independent auditors. For
instance, in deciding whether to extend credit, we may assume that a customer’s audited financial statements conform to generally
accepted accounting principles and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the customer. Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected by relying on financial statements that
do not comply with generally accepted accounting principles or other information that is materially misleading. According to data published
by the Reserve Bank of India, frauds reported in the Indian banking sector have shown an increasing trend in recent years, and the composition
of the fraud amount reported is largely dominated by frauds related to loans and advances. In addition, our access to information about
the credit histories of our borrowers, especially individuals and small businesses, may be limited, relative to what is typically available
for similar borrowers in developed economies with more established nation-wide credit bureaus. This may affect the quality of information
available to us about the credit history of our borrowers, especially individuals and small businesses. As a result, our ability to effectively
manage our credit risk may be adversely affected.

We are involved in various litigations. Any final
judgment awarding material damages against us could have a material adverse impact on our financial performance and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs.

We and the other entities in ICICI Group, or our or their
directors or officers, are often involved in civil and criminal litigation in India and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate
for various reasons, which generally arise because we seek to recover amounts due from borrowers or because customers seek claims against
us or disputes may arise in connection with financial services. In certain instances, former employees have instituted legal and other
proceedings against us. The majority of these cases arise in the normal course of business, and we believe, based on the facts of the
cases and consultation with counsel, that these cases generally do not involve the risk of a material adverse impact on our financial
performance or prices of our equity shares and ADSs. We estimate the probability of losses that may be incurred in connection with legal
and regulatory proceedings as of the date on which our unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements are prepared. We recognize
a provision when we have a present obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made. We determine the amount of provision based
on our estimate of the amount required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date, supplemented by our experience in similar situations.
We review provisions at each balance sheet date and adjust them to reflect current estimates. In cases where the available information
indicates that a loss is reasonably possible, but the amount of such loss cannot be reasonably estimated, we make a disclosure to this
effect in the unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements. Whenever we consider it appropriate and the legal or regulatory guidelines
so permit, we may seek to settle or compound legal or regulatory proceedings through consensual process with the concerned claimant or
regulator, which may entail monetary payment or receipt or agreeing to non-monetary terms. When there is only a remote risk of loss, we
do not recognize a provision nor do we include a disclosure in the unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements. See also “
Business—Legal
and Regulatory Proceedings
”. We cannot guarantee that the judgments in, or the outcomes of any of the litigation or other proceedings
or of any settlement or compounding of legal or regulatory proceedings in which we are involved would be favorable to us and if our assessment
of the risk changes, our view on provisions will also change.

35

Table of Contents

See also, “—Risks relating to our
business—A determination against us in respect of disputed tax assessments may adversely impact our financial performance.”
and “Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”.

We continue to expand our branch network and any inability
to use these branches productively may have an adverse impact on our growth and profitability.

The Bank’s branch network in India increased
from 6,523 branches at March 31, 2024 to 6,983 branches at March 31, 2025. Although we plan to leverage our extensive geographical reach
to support growth in our business, our new branches typically operate at lower productivity levels, as compared to our existing branches.
See also “
—Risks relating to our business—We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions, divest our existing
businesses, or be required to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and could face integration and other acquisitions risks
”.
We also have a substantial branch network in rural and semi-urban areas and have also established branches in villages that did not have
any banking services. Any inability to achieve or substantial delays in achieving desired levels of deposits, advances and revenues from
the new branches would have an adverse impact on our growth and profitability and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

We depend on the knowledge and skills of our senior
management. Any inability to attract them and retain them and other talented professionals or any loss of senior management or other talented
professionals may adversely impact our business.

Our continued success depends in part on the continued
service of key members of our management team and our ability to continue to attract, train, motivate and retain highly qualified professionals.
This is a key element of our strategy and we believe it to be a significant source of competitive advantage. The successful implementation
of our strategy depends on the availability of skilled management, both at our head office and at each of our business units and international
locations, continuity in the service of our directors, executives and senior managers, and our ability to attract and train young professionals.

The appointment of individuals in certain positions
is subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals. Any stringent requirements by our regulator for appointing key members in the management
may require us to reorganize our management structure and may affect our ability to identify, hire and appoint suitable professionals
for various roles.

The loss of any member from our senior management,
including directors and key personnel, can have a material impact on our business, our financial performance, our stockholders’
equity, our ability to implement our strategy and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. If we or one of our business units or other
functions fail to staff operations appropriately or lose one or more key senior executives or qualified young professionals and fail to
replace them in a satisfactory and timely manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our control and
operational risks, may be adversely affected. Likewise, if we fail to attract and appropriately train, motivate and retain young professionals
or other talent, our business may likewise be affected. We have recently made several changes to our human resource management practices,
including key performance indicators, unit-level operating flexibility and accountability and a shift from grades to functional designations
at senior levels, aimed at greater agility and synergy across the organization. There can be no assurance that these measures will be
successful in meeting the desired objectives.

A substantial portion of our compensation structure
for middle and senior management is in the form of employee stock options and dependent on the market price of our equity shares. We introduced
an employee stock unit scheme aimed primarily at up to the middle-level management employees pursuant to which stock units will be issued
at the face value of Rs. 2.0 per unit, with phased vesting of units based upon the

36

Table of Contents

continuation of the employee. However, increased competition, including
the entry of new banks into an already competitive sector, may affect our ability to hire and retain qualified employees. See also “
Business—Employees
”.

Future health epidemics or natural disasters could
impact our employees, including senior management. There can be no assurance that this would not impact our ability to manage or conduct
our business or the price of our equity shares and ADSs.

Risks relating to technology

The growing use of technology in banking and financial
services creates additional risks of competition, reliability and security.

Our business and our operations are heavily dependent
upon our ability to offer digital products and services and process large volumes of transactions. This has increased our reliance on
technology in recent years. Technology innovations in financial services require banks and financial services companies to continuously
develop new and simplified models for offering banking products and services. See also
“—Risks relating to our business—Our
industry is very competitive and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.”

The growing demand for digital banking services
has substantially increased the volume of transactions for the banking system. This has required banks to enhance their focus on the availability
and scalability of their systems in the context of growing customer dependence on digital transactions and increasing volumes of such
transactions and may require additional investments. Any disruption in service delivery could impact our business, our financial position
and our reputation, and also lead to regulatory action including imposing restrictions on business.

The emergence of technologies including AI and generative AI presents both potential risk and opportunities. Our failure to appropriately respond to these emerging
technologies may adversely impact our business, financial results, our shareholders’ equity, the prices of our equity shares and
the prices of our bonds.

We face security risks, including denial of service
attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and
identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create
significant legal and financial exposure.

Our businesses rely on our secure processing,
transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and
networks and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. To access our products and services, our customers
may use personal smartphones, tablets, laptops, PCs, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems and subject to their
own cybersecurity risks. Given our reliance and focus on technology and presence in diverse geographies, our technologies, systems, networks,
and our customers’ devices are subject to security risks and are susceptible to cyber-attacks (such as, denial of service attacks,
hacking, terrorist activities or identity theft) that could negatively impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data pertaining
to us or our customers, which in turn may cause direct loss of money to our customers or to us, damage to our reputation and adversely
impact our business and financial results. Third parties with which we do business or that facilitate our business activities could also
be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity
constraints.

We, our customers, regulators and other third
parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to, and are likely
to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. These cyber-attacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing
attacks, denial of service or information, ransomware, advanced threats from large language models, improper access

37

Table of Contents

by employees or vendors, attacks on personal email of employees, ransom
demands to not expose security vulnerabilities in our systems or the systems of third parties or other security breaches that could result
in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information of
ours, our employees, our customers or of third parties, damage our systems or otherwise materially disrupt our or our customers’
or other third parties’ network access or business operations. Like many other large global financial institutions, we have also
experienced attacks pertaining to distributed denial of services which were intended to disrupt customer access to our main portal. While
our monitoring and mitigating controls were able to detect and effectively respond to such incidents, there can be no assurance that these
security measures will be successful in the future. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional
resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.

We have a governance framework in place for security
and have implemented information security policies, procedures and technologies. However, considering that technology is currently in
a phase of rapid evolution and that the methods used for cyber-attacks are also changing frequently or, in some cases, are not recognized
until an actual attack, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches.
Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and could be held liable for any security
breach or loss.

Cybersecurity risks for banking organizations
have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the use of the internet and
telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. For example, cybersecurity risks may increase as we continue to increase
our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. In
addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities
of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other
external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. Some of the newer technologies like AI and quantum computing, which
harnesses the laws of quantum mechanics, solve problems that are too complex for classical computers. Large scale AI disruptions
have the potential to improve technological advantages by swiftly processing data through real-time analytics, ultimately leading to enhanced
customer experience, optimized operations and predictive risk analysis. However, cyber attacks using AI technology present a substantial
threat due to their ability to identify vulnerabilities faster using sophisticated attack methods and adapt real-time, evading traditional
security measures. Encryption tools are used to secure online communications between parties from any possible attackers. Newer technologies
could pose a threat to the existing encryption protocols and could lead to unauthorized access to internal data.

Even the most advanced internal control environment
may be vulnerable to compromise. Targeted social engineering attacks and “spear phishing” attacks are becoming more sophisticated
and are extremely difficult to prevent. In such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, customers or other
users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients. Persistent attackers
may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently,
may not be recognized until launched and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. The risk of a security breach caused
by a cyber-attack at a vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. Additionally, the existence of
cyber-attacks or security breaches at third-party vendors with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. We also
face cybersecurity risks which could result in direct loss of money of the Bank and/or its customers due to cyber attacks, potentially
resulting in penalties and restrictions on business as well as reputational risks for the Bank.

We also face indirect technology, cybersecurity
and operational risks relating to clients and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable
our business activities, including, for example, financial counterparties, regulators and providers of critical infrastructure such as
internet access and electrical power. As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity

38

Table of Contents

of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure,
cyber-attack or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes or compromises the systems or data of one or
more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including us. This consolidation,
interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems
need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis.

Any third-party technology failure, cyber-attack
or other information or security breach, termination or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect transactions,
service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our business. Cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether
directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. Hacking of personal information and identity
theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. A successful penetration or circumvention of system security could
cause us serious negative consequences, including our loss of customers and business opportunities, costs associated with maintaining
business relationships after an attack or breach; significant business disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation, exposure,
or destruction of our confidential information, intellectual property, funds, and/or those of our customers; or damage to our computers
or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties
or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional
compliance costs, and could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.

Our customers could also be exposed to increased
phishing and vishing attacks that could result in a financial loss to them, and in turn lead to claims for compensation from the Bank
or reputation loss for the Bank.

System failures or system downtime could adversely
impact our business.

Given the large share of retail products and services
and transaction banking services in our total business, the importance of systems technology to our business has increased significantly.
Our business, financial, accounting, data processing systems or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or
become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as
surges in customer transaction volume, utility disruptions or failures, natural disasters, diseases pandemics, events arising from political
or social matters and terrorist attacks. While we have procedures to monitor for and prevent system downtime or failures, and to recover
from system failures in the event they occur, there is no guarantee that these procedures will successfully prevent a system failure or
allow us to recover quickly from a system failure. In the event that our data center is severely impacted, while we have a secondary disaster
recovery data center, recovery of some of our systems and services may be delayed, thereby adversely impacting our operations and customer
service levels. Any failure in our systems, particularly for retail products and services and transaction banking, could significantly
affect our operations and the quality of our customer service and could result in enhanced regulatory scrutiny and actions and business
and financial losses that would adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. Regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing.
See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and
compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.
”

Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries

Additional capital requirements of our insurance subsidiaries
or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding or make further investments in these companies as required may adversely impact
our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

At March 31, 2025, we owned 51.0% of the equity
shares of our life insurance subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, and 51.6% of the equity shares of our general insurance
subsidiary, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

39

Table of Contents

Although our insurance businesses are profitable
and we currently do not anticipate that they would require capital, additional capital may be required to support the business which may,
among other reasons, arise due to regulatory requirements or increased opportunities for growth or changes in loss experience and actuarial
assumptions. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries— Actuarial experience and other factors could
differ from assumptions made in the calculation of life actuarial reserves and other actuarial information” and “—Risks
relating to our insurance subsidiaries—Loss reserves for our general insurance subsidiary’s business are based on estimates
as to future claims liabilities and adverse developments relating to claims could lead to further reserve additions and materially adversely
affect the operation of our general insurance subsidiary.”
Our insurance subsidiaries may also explore mergers and acquisitions
which may lead to possible issuance of equity shares. Issuance of additional equity shares for these or any other reasons would reduce
our shareholding unless we invest additional capital in these businesses. Our ability to invest additional capital in these businesses
is subject to the Reserve Bank of India’s and various other regulations on capital adequacy and guidelines on financial services
provided by banks that prescribe limits for our aggregate investment in financial sector enterprises. All such investments require prior
approval of the Reserve Bank of India and/or other regulators or government institutions, as applicable.

Any additional capital requirements of our insurance
companies, restrictions on our ability to capitalize them and a requirement that we reduce or increase our shareholding could adversely
impact their growth, our future capital adequacy, our financial performance and the prices of their equity shares and our equity shares
and ADSs. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Insurance
” and “
—Risks
relating to our insurance subsidiaries—While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance
of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability.
”

While our insurance businesses are an important part
of our business, there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability.

Our life insurance and general insurance businesses
are an important part of our business. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Insurance
”.
These businesses have experienced volatility in growth rates in the past and there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth
or profitability.

The Indian life insurance sector has experienced
significant regulatory changes over the years. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Governing Insurance
Companies
”. The regulatory changes, apart from impacting the business strategy, have also resulted in reduced profit margins
on life insurance products and, in future, may also result the same. Our life insurance subsidiary’s growth and profitability depend
on various factors, including the mix of products in its portfolio, its relationship with various distribution partners, regulatory changes
and market movements. ICICI Bank is a corporate agent of its insurance subsidiary and accounts for less than 15.0% of the business volumes
of its life insurance subsidiary based on premium equivalent for fiscal 2025. The life insurance subsidiary’s business
is well-diversified across its product mix and distribution mix. While the subsidiary has been making profits since fiscal 2010, there
can be no assurance of the continued growth of the subsidiary’s business and profitability, including the business generated by
the Bank.

We conduct our general insurance business through
our general insurance subsidiary, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited’s
growth, profitability and return on equity depends on various factors, including but not limited to the proportion of certain profitable
products in its portfolio, the maintenance on its relationship with key distribution partners/intermediaries and credit-worthy reinsurers,
continuation of support by the Government of India of certain insurance schemes to the extent applicable, maintenance of continued reputation
and goodwill with customers including well managed customer concentration risk, regulatory changes and their compliance/implications,
climate change factors, changes to tax positions or judgements/tax orders, minimization of losses attributable to internal and external
frauds and market movements. There can be no assurance of the future rates of growth, solvency and profitability in the insurance business
and various global

40

Table of Contents

geopolitical environments and considerations may also influence the
same, amongst other pertinent internal and external factors. While this subsidiary has been making profits since fiscal 2013, there can
be no assurance of the future profitability or rates of growth in the insurance business. See also “
—Risks relating to
our insurance subsidiaries—Additional capital requirements of our insurance subsidiaries or our inability to monetize a part of our
shareholding in these entities may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.”
 and “
Supervision
and Regulation—Regulations Governing Insurance Companies.
”

Further, the IRDAI has from time to time proposed
changes to the regulations governing distribution of insurance products by corporate agents, including banks. Any future regulatory changes
or restrictions may require our insurance subsidiaries to change its distribution strategies, which, amongst other factors, may result
in increased costs and lower business volumes, as well as impacting ICICI Bank’s distribution of their products and the associated
fee income. A slowdown in growth in the Indian economy, the impact from any future catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics, any adverse
impact from regulatory changes in future or customer dissatisfaction with our insurance products including but not limited to lack of
required innovation in products could adversely impact the future growth of these businesses. See also “
—Risks that arise
as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector— The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector
increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal
”. Any slowdown in these businesses could have
an adverse impact on our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Actuarial experience and other factors could differ
from assumptions made in the calculation of life actuarial reserves and other actuarial information.

The assumptions our life insurance subsidiary
makes in assessing its life insurance reserves and computing other actuarial information may differ from actual experiences. These assumptions
include the assessment of the long-term development of interest rates, investment returns, the allocation of investments between equity,
fixed income and other categories, persistency, mortality and morbidity rates, policyholder lapses, policy discontinuation and future
expense levels. In addition, there is a risk that the model used to estimate life and health insurance reserves based on such assumptions
could be incorrect.

Our life insurance subsidiary monitors its actual
experience of these assumptions and if any deviation from assumption is expected to continue in the longer term, it refines its long-term
assumptions. Changes in any such assumptions may lead to changes in the estimates of life and health insurance reserves and other actuarial
information. Such changes may also impact the valuation of our life insurance subsidiary by existing or potential investors, and the valuation
at which any future monetization of our shareholding in the life insurance subsidiary may take place, if at all.

While our life insurance subsidiary monitors its
experience and assumptions, events such as the COVID-19 pandemic are not anticipated in setting life insurance reserves. Higher claims
due to any such pandemic in the future could have an adverse impact on the earnings and net worth of the subsidiary.

Loss reserves for our general insurance
subsidiary’s business are based on estimates as to future claims liabilities and adverse developments relating to claims could lead
to further reserve additions and materially adversely affect the operation of our general insurance subsidiary.

In accordance with the general insurance industry
practice and accounting and regulatory requirements, our general insurance company establishes reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses
related to its general insurance business. Reserves are based on estimates of future payments that will be made in respect of claims,
including expenses relating to such claims. The estimation of the loss reserves relies on several key actuarial steps and assumptions,
for example, selection of the actuarial methods by line of business, groupings of similar product lines and determination of underlying
actuarial assumptions like expected loss ratios, loss development factors, and loss cost trend factors. Such estimates are made on
both a case-by-case basis of claims that have been reported but not settled, based on the facts and circumstances available at the time
the reserves are established, as well as in respect of losses that have been incurred but not reported. These reserves represent the estimated
ultimate cost necessary to bring all pending claims to final settlement.

41

Table of Contents

Reserves are subject to change due to a number
of variables which affect the ultimate cost of claims, such as changes in claims handling procedures, legal environment, social attitudes,
results of litigation, costs of repairs, changing trends in medical costs, minimum wages and other factors including, but not limited
to, changing trends in inflation and exchange rates. Our general insurance company’s reserves for environmental and other latent
claims are particularly subject to such variables. The results of operations of our general insurance company depend significantly upon
the extent to which its actual claims experience is consistent with the assumptions it uses in setting the prices for products and establishing
the liabilities for obligations for technical provisions and claims. To the extent that its actual claims experience is less favorable
than the underlying assumptions used in establishing such liabilities, it may be required to increase its reserves, which may materially
adversely affect its results of operations.

Established loss reserves estimates are periodically
adjusted in the ordinary course of settlement, using the most current information available to management, and any adjustments resulting
from changes in reserve estimates are reflected in current results of operations. Our general insurance company also conducts reviews
of all lines of business to consider the adequacy of reserve levels, on a regular defined basis. Based on current information available
and on the basis of internal procedures, for example, multiple diagnostics, the management of our general insurance company considers
that these reserves are reasonably adequate. The management also follows a philosophy of keeping margins for adverse deviations over and
above the best estimates of the ultimate liability to protect against any unknown events which are not yet reflected in the past data.
However, because the establishment of reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses is an inherently uncertain process, there can be
no assurance that ultimate losses will not materially exceed the established reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses and have a
material adverse effect on the results of operations of our general insurance company. Such adverse effect may also impact the valuation
of our general insurance company by existing or potential investors, and the valuation at which any future monetization of our shareholding
in the general insurance company may take place, if at all. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—Additional
capital requirements of our insurance entities or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding in these entities may adversely
impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”.

The financial results of our insurance companies could
be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of a catastrophe and/or various climate change events.

Portions of our general insurance business may
cover losses from unpredictable events such as hurricanes, windstorms, epidemics, monsoons, earthquakes, fires, industrial explosions,
floods, riots and other man-made or natural disasters, including acts of terrorism, and epidemics or pandemics and/or various climate
change events. The incidence and severity of these catastrophes in any given period are inherently unpredictable. Although reserves are
established after an assessment of potential losses relating to catastrophes covered, there is no assurance that such reserves would be
sufficient to pay for all related claims of catastrophes and/or various climate change events.

In addition, our life insurance subsidiary’s
business may incur losses due to increased mortality and morbidity claims of customers, affected by catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics.
In addition, catastrophes could result in losses in the investment portfolios of our life insurance subsidiary due to, among other reasons,
the failure of its counterparties to perform their obligations or significant volatility or disruption in the financial markets.

Our general insurance company’s operations
are exposed to claims relating to catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics and/or climate change events. Continuing higher claims related
to COVID-19 may adversely impact the profitability of our general insurance company.

42

Table of Contents

Although our insurance subsidiaries monitor their
overall exposure to catastrophes and epidemics and other unpredictable events in each geographic region and determine, allowing for calibration/re-calibration
of their underwriting limits related to insurance coverage for losses from such events, the insurance subsidiaries generally seek to reduce
their exposure through the purchase of reinsurance, selective and focused underwriting practices and by monitoring risk accumulation.
Claims relating to catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics or climate change events in future may result in unusually high levels of losses
and may require additional capital to maintain solvency margins and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or
credit rating or the results of our operations.

Risks Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares

ADS holders may be restricted in their ability to
exercise voting rights and your ability to withdraw equity shares from the depositary facility is subject to delays and legal restrictions.

Unlike in the past, the depositary will not
exercise the voting rights as instructed by our board of directors.
We are currently seeking to amend the
deposit agreement (as amended, the “Amended Deposit Agreement”) to allow our ADS holders to exercise their voting rights
through the depositary. The exercise of voting rights in respect of the ADSs is subject to legal and regulatory restrictions as set out
in applicable laws of the Republic of India as amended or replaced from time to time. The amendment to the deposit agreement is subject
to the approval of the RBI. It is uncertain how long it would take for RBI to grant us the approval to effectuate the Amended
Deposit Agreement. Upon effectiveness of the Amended Deposit Agreement after obtaining RBI's approval, we will file an amendment to Form
F-6. Until RBI’s approval of such amendment and effectiveness of the Amended Deposit Agreement, our ADS holders continue to have
no voting rights. The ceiling on voting rights for any individual holder of equity shares is 26.0% of the total voting rights of a bank.
See also “Major shareholders”. If you wish, you may withdraw the equity shares underlying your ADSs and seek to exercise
your voting rights under the equity shares you obtain from the withdrawal. However, for foreign investors, this withdrawal process may
be subject to delays. For a discussion of the legal restrictions triggered by a withdrawal of the equity shares from the depositary facility
upon surrender of ADSs, see also “Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities”.

43

Table of Contents

Your holdings may be diluted by additional issuances
of equity and any dilution may adversely affect the market prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

In 2020, we raised Rs. 150.00 billion (US$
2.0 billion) of equity capital through a Qualified Institutions Placement. In March 2025, in accordance with the Scheme among ICICI Bank,
ICICI Securities and their respective shareholders for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities, the Bank allotted 56 million equity
shares of Rs. 2 each, including 52 thousand equity shares towards fractional entitlements, to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities
as of the record date, in accordance with the approved equity swap ratio as provided in the Scheme. We may in the future conduct
additional equity offerings to fund the growth of our business. In addition, up to 10.0% of our issued equity shares from time to time,
may be granted in accordance with our Employees Stock Option Scheme and 101 million units can be granted under the Employees Stock
Unit Scheme. We constantly evaluate different financing options and any future issuance of equity shares or ADSs or exercise of employee
stock options that would dilute the positions of investors in equity shares and ADSs and could adversely affect the market prices of our
equity shares and ADSs.

You may be unable to exercise pre-emptive rights
available to other shareholders.

A company incorporated in India must offer its
holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership
percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless these rights have been waived by at least 75.0% of the company’s
shareholders present and voting at a shareholders’ general meeting. United States investors in ADSs may be unable to exercise
these pre-emptive rights for equity shares underlying ADSs unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”) is effective with respect to such rights or an exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act is available. Any decision to file a registration statement will depend on the costs and potential liabilities associated
with any such registration as well as the perceived benefits of enabling investors in ADSs to exercise their preemptive rights and any
other factors we consider appropriate at such time. To the extent that investors in ADSs are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights, their
proportional ownership interests in us would be reduced.

Your ability to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn
from the depositary facility, the conversion of rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency and the repatriation of such foreign
currency may be subject to delays if specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

ADS holders seeking to sell in India any equity
shares withdrawn upon surrender of ADSs, convert the rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency or repatriate such foreign
currency may need the Reserve Bank of India’s approval for each such transaction. See also “
Restriction on Foreign
Ownership of Indian Securities
”. We cannot guarantee that any such approval will be obtained in a timely manner or at terms
favorable to the investor. Because of possible delays in obtaining the requisite approvals, investors in equity shares may be prevented
from realizing gains during periods of price increases or limiting losses during periods of price declines.

Restrictions on reissuance and deposit of equity shares
in the depositary facility could adversely affect the price of our ADSs.

Under current Indian regulations, an ADS holder
who surrenders ADSs and withdraws equity shares may deposit those equity shares again in the depositary facility in exchange for
ADSs. An investor who has purchased equity shares in the Indian market may also deposit those equity shares in the ADS program. However,
the deposit of equity shares may be subject to securities law restrictions and the restriction that the cumulative aggregate number
of equity shares that can be deposited as of any time cannot exceed the cumulative aggregate number represented by ADSs converted into
underlying equity shares as of such time. Further, the number of equity shares that can be deposited in exchange of ADSs or the number
of reissuances of the ADSs may be restricted subject to any amendment in the overall size of the ADS program. These restrictions increase
the risk that the market price of our ADSs will be below that of the equity shares.

44

Table of Contents

The depositary facility pursuant to which the
ADSs are issued may be amended. Such amendment could include changes in the size of the ADS program. Any such amendment could adversely
affect the market price and liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs or adversely affect the ability to trade the ADSs.

Certain shareholders own a large percentage of our
equity shares and their actions could adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Any substantial sale of our equity shares by
any large shareholder could adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. See also “
Major
Shareholders
”. The Reserve Bank of India, in exercise of powers conferred by the Banking Regulation Act has notified a
ceiling on voting rights in a banking company for a single shareholder of 26.0%. Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas held 18.7% of
our equity shares at June 30, 2025. Unlike in the past, the depositary will not exercise the voting rights as instructed by our
board of directors. We are currently seeking to amend the deposit agreement to allow our ADS holders to exercise their voting rights
through the depositary. The exercise of voting rights in respect of the ADSs is subject to legal and regulatory restrictions as set
out in applicable laws of the Republic of India as amended or replaced from time to time. The amendment to the deposit agreement is
subject to the approval of the RBI.  It is uncertain how long it would take for RBI to grant us the approval to effectuate
the Amended Deposit Agreement. Upon effectiveness of the Amended Deposit Agreement after obtaining RBI's approval, we will file an
amendment to Form F-6. Until  RBI’s approval of such amendment and effectiveness of the Amended
Deposit Agreement, our ADS holders continue to have no voting rights. The ceiling on voting rights for any individual holder of
equity shares is 26.0% of the total voting rights of a bank. See also “Major shareholders”. If you wish, you may
withdraw the equity shares underlying your ADSs and seek to exercise your voting rights under the equity shares you obtain from the
withdrawal. However, for foreign investors, this withdrawal process may be subject to delays. For a discussion of the legal
restrictions triggered by a withdrawal of the equity shares from the depositary facility upon surrender of ADSs, see also
“Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities”.

Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely
affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

The Indian securities markets are smaller and
more volatile than securities markets in developed economies. In the past, the Indian stock exchanges have experienced high volatility
and other problems that have affected the market price and liquidity of the listed securities, including temporary exchange closures,
broker defaults, settlement delays and strikes by brokers. For example, following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in early
2020, the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex declined during the three months ended March 31, 2020 by 28.6%. Even before the volatility caused
by the COVID-19 pandemic, volatility in the Indian stock markets have created temporary concerns regarding the price or liquidity of our
equity shares and ADSs. In recent years, there have been changes in laws and regulations regulating the taxation of dividend income, which
have impacted the Indian equity capital markets. See also “
Dividends
”. Similar problems or changes in the future could
adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

Settlement of trades of equity shares on Indian stock
exchanges may be subject to delays.

The equity shares represented by ADSs are currently
listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. Settlement on those stock exchanges may be subject to
delays and an investor in

45

Table of Contents

equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility upon surrender
of ADSs may not be able to settle trades on such stock exchanges in a timely manner. See also “
—Risks Relating to
ADSs and Equity Shares—Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity
shares and ADSs.
”

Because the equity shares underlying ADSs are quoted
in rupees in India, you may be subject to potential losses arising out of exchange rate risk on the Indian rupee.

Investors who purchase ADSs are required to pay
for ADSs in U.S. dollars and are subject to currency fluctuation risk and convertibility risks since the equity shares underlying ADSs
are quoted in rupees on the Indian stock exchanges on which they are listed. Dividends on the equity shares will also be paid in rupees
and then converted into U.S. dollars for distribution to ADS investors. Investors who seek to convert the rupee proceeds of a sale
of equity shares withdrawn upon surrender of ADSs into foreign currency and repatriate the foreign currency may need to obtain the
approval of the Reserve Bank of India for each such transaction. See also “
—Risks Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares—Your
ability to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion of rupee proceeds from such sale into
a foreign currency and the repatriation of such foreign currency may be subject to delays if specific approval of the Reserve Bank
of India is required
” and “
Exchange Controls
”.

You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out
of capital gains.

In certain circumstances, capital gains arising
on the sale of the underlying equity shares are subject to Indian capital gains tax. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors
and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning ADSs or underlying equity shares. See also “
Taxation—Indian
Tax
”.

There may be different company information available
in Indian securities markets than in securities markets in the United States and the continued listing of our securities in US markets
is subject to various considerations.

There is a difference between India and the
United States in the level of regulation and monitoring of the securities markets and the activities of investors, brokers and other
market participants. The Securities and Exchange Board of India is responsible for improving disclosure and regulating insider
trading and other matters for the Indian securities markets. There may, however, be different publicly available information about
Indian companies than is regularly made available by public companies in the United States. The regulations applicable to us as a
result of the listing of our ADS on the NYSE are subject to possible change and policy risks. For example, the SEC has recently
issued a concept paper seeking comments on possible changes in rules relating to foreign private issuers, such as us. The continued
listing of our securities in US markets is thus subject to various considerations such as applicable regulations, costs and business
and financing strategies.

46

Table of Contents

Major Shareholders

Shareholding Structure and Relationship with Government of India

The following table sets forth, at June 30, 2025,
certain information regarding the ownership of our equity shares.

Percentage of Total Equity Shares Outstanding   Number of Equity Shares Held
Government Controlled Shareholders:
Life Insurance Corporation of India   5.2   369,916,308
Other Government-controlled institutions, insurance companies, reinsurers, corporations and banks   0.5   36,588,616
Total government-controlled shareholders   5.7   406,504,924
Other Indian Investors:
SBI Mutual Fund   4.9   351,937,913
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   3.7   264,060,261
HDFC Mutual Fund   3.1   218,451,304
National Pension Scheme Trust   2.2   159,846,194
UTI Mutual Fund   2.0   145,714,025
Nippon Life India Mutual Fund   1.8   131,399,445
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited   1.2   87,885,000
Kotak Mutual Fund   1.1   80,940,223
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund   1.1   76,206,194
Axis Mutual Fund   1.0   72,534,173
Other mutual funds and alternative investment funds   6.0   423,644,226
Private sector insurance companies other than SBI Life Insurance Company   2.0   138,622,035
Other private sector corporations and financial institutions   0.9   63,171,031
Investor education protection fund   0.1   9,501,264
Individual domestic investors (1),(2)   6.0   423,012,911
Total other Indian investors   37.1   2,646,926,199
Total Indian investors   42.8   3,053,431,123
Foreign investors:
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as depositary for American Depositary Shares (ADS) holders   18.7   1,337,687,789
Government of Singapore   1.7   118,584,915
Government Pension Fund Global   1.5   104,350,431
Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund   1.1   76,258,583
Other foreign institutional investors,
    foreign banks, overseas corporate bodies, foreign companies, foreign nationals, foreign institutional investors and non-resident
    Indians (2)   34.2   2,445,226,671
Total foreign investors   57.2   4,082,108,389
Total   100.0   7,135,539,512

__________________

(1)   Executive officers and directors (including non-executive directors)
as a group held about 0.02% of ICICI Bank’s equity shares at June 30, 2025.

(2)   No single shareholder in this group owned 1.0% or more of ICICI Bank’s equity shares at  June 30, 2025.

47

Table of Contents

The holding of government-controlled shareholders
was 5.7% on June 30, 2025 against 6.4% at June 30, 2024, and 6.9% at June 30, 2023. The holding of Life Insurance Corporation of India
was 5.2% on June 30, 2025 against 5.8% at June 30, 2024 and 6.1% at June 30, 2023.

We operate as an autonomous commercial enterprise
and the Indian government has never directly held any of our shares. We are not aware of or a party to any shareholders’ agreement
or voting trust relating to the ownership of the shares held by the government-controlled shareholders. We do not have any agreement with
our government-controlled shareholders regarding management control, voting rights, anti-dilution or any other matter. Our Articles of
Association include a provision for the government of India to appoint, pursuant to the provisions of guarantee agreements between the
government of India and ICICI, a representative to our Board. At present, there is no representative of the government of India on our
Board. On June 30, 2025, we do not have government guaranteed borrowings outstanding. See also
“Management—Directors and
Executive Officers
” for a discussion of the composition of our Board of Directors.

The holding of other Indian investors was
37.1% at June 30, 2025 against 36.9% at June 30, 2024 and 37.4% at June 30, 2023. The total holding of Indian investors was 42.8% at
June 30, 2025 against 43.4% at June 30, 2024 and 44.3% at June 30, 2023. The holding of foreign investors was 57.2% at June 30, 2025
against 56.6% at June 30, 2024 and 55.7% at June 30, 2023. The Reserve Bank of India, exercising its powers under the Banking
Regulation Act has established a limit of 26.0% on the voting rights of a single shareholder in a banking company. Deutsche Bank
Trust Company Americas holds the equity shares represented by about 669 million American Depositary Receipts outstanding as
depositary on behalf of the holders of the American Depositary Shares (“ADS”). The ADS are listed on the New York Stock
Exchange. The Depositary held 18.7% of our equity shares on June 30, 2025. Unlike in the past, the depositary will not exercise the
voting rights as instructed by our board of directors. We are currently seeking to amend the deposit agreement to allow our ADS
holders to exercise their  voting rights through the depositary. The exercise of voting rights in respect of the ADSs is subject to
legal and regulatory restrictions as set out in applicable laws of the Republic of India as amended or replaced from time to time.
The amendment to the deposit agreement is subject to the approval of the RBI. It is uncertain how long it would take for
RBI to grant us the approval to effectuate the Amended Deposit Agreement. Upon effectiveness of the Amended Deposit Agreement after
obtaining RBI's approval, we will file an amendment to Form F-6. Until RBI’s approval of such
amendment and effectiveness of the Amended Deposit Agreement, our ADS holders continue to have no voting rights. The ceiling on
voting rights for any individual holder of equity shares is 26.0% of the total voting rights of a bank. See also “Major
shareholders”. If you wish, you may withdraw the equity shares underlying your ADSs and seek to exercise your voting rights
under the equity shares you obtain from the withdrawal. However, for foreign investors, this withdrawal process may be subject to
delays. For a discussion of the legal restrictions triggered by a withdrawal of the equity shares from the depositary facility upon
surrender of ADSs, see also “Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities”. Except as stated above, no
shareholder has differential voting rights. See also
“Supervision and Regulation—Ownership and Voting
Restrictions
”.

48

Table of Contents

Related Party Transactions

In fiscal 2025, we entered into transactions with
related parties consisting of (i) associates/other related entities and (ii) key management personnel and their close family members.

Related Parties

Associates/Other Related Entities

For fiscal 2025, the following parties were identified
as our associates/other related entities: Arteria Technologies Private Limited, India Advantage Fund-III, India Advantage Fund-IV, India
Infradebt Limited, FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)
1
 (“FISERV”),
NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited, Comm Trade Services Limited
2
, ICICI Foundation for Inclusive
Growth, Cheryl Advisory Private Limited, Chamunda Diamonds
3
, Procedium Strategy LLP
4
 and FactoryOS Private Limited
4
.

1.   The Bank had executed a share purchase agreement for sale of its entire shareholding of 19.0% in the equity shares of FISERV, an associate
of the Bank, on March 29, 2025. The share transfer was subsequently completed and FISERV ceased to be an associate of the Bank effective
April 17, 2025.

2.   Comm Trade Services Limited ceased to be a related entity from Q1-2025.

3.   Chamunda Diamonds considered as a related entity from Q1-2025.

4.   Procedium Strategy LLP and FactoryOS Private Limited are considered as related
entities from Q4-2025.

Key Management Personnel and their Close Family Members

Our key management personnel include our executive
directors. The following individuals were our key management personnel in fiscal 2025: Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Mr. Sandeep Batra, Mr. Rakesh
Jha and Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta. The close family members of the above key management personnel are also our related parties. Close family
members in relation to the executive directors mean their spouses, children, children’s spouses, grand-children, grand-children’s
spouses, siblings, sibling’s spouses, parents, maternal grandparents, paternal grandparents and members of a Hindu undivided family.
We have applied the Indian GAAP standard and Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 in determining the close family members of the executive
directors.

Related Party Transactions

The following are the material transactions between
us and our associates/other related entities or our key management personnel or their close family members.

For additional details, see also “
Management—Compensation
and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Loans
” and note 2 - “
Related Party Transactions
” of Schedule
18 to the consolidated financial statements included herein.

Insurance Services

During fiscal 2025, we received insurance premiums
from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 20 million, from our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 0.4 million
and from the close family members of our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 6 million. The premiums received covered life insurance,
group term insurance and investment linked insurance plans. The material transactions during fiscal 2025 included Rs. 15 million premium
received from ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth, Rs. 3 million premium received from India Infradebt Limited and Rs. 5 million premium
received from Ms. Aparna Gupta, a close family member of Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta.

During fiscal 2025, we paid claims including maturity,
annuity and policy surrender value to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 4 million and to our key management personnel
amounting to Rs. 0.6 million. The material transactions during fiscal 2025 included Rs. 4 million paid to ICICI Foundation for Inclusive
Growth and Rs. 0.5 million paid to Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi.

49

Table of Contents

Income from services rendered

During fiscal 2025, we earned income amounting
to Rs. 328 million for services rendered to our associates/other related entities, Rs. 2 million from our key management personnel and
Rs. 0.1 million from the close family members of our key management personnel. The income primarily relates to marketing and promotion
fees, sponsorship and banking service fees, arranger fees and bank charges. The material transactions during fiscal 2025 included Rs.
277 million of income from services rendered to FISERV and Rs. 50 million of income from services rendered to India Infradebt Limited.

Income from Shared Services

During fiscal 2025, we recovered cost towards
sharing of premises, corporate infrastructure facilities and technology services from ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth amounting
to Rs. 27 million.

Expenses for services received

During fiscal 2025, we paid brokerage fees and
other expenses to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 1.2 billion. These expenses primarily pertain to merchant management
fees, subsidy and commission expenses. The material transactions during fiscal 2025 included Rs. 1.1 billion in expenses for services
paid to FISERV and Rs. 143 million in expenses for services paid to Arteria Technologies Private Limited.

Investments in Securities Issued by Related Parties

During fiscal 2025, we invested Rs. 27.5 billion
in securities issued by India Infradebt Limited.

Redemption/buyback of Investments

During fiscal 2025, we received Rs. 328 million
from our associates/other related entities on account of redemption of venture fund units. The material transactions during fiscal 2025
included Rs. 185 million from India Advantage Fund- IV and Rs. 143 million from India Advantage Fund- III.

Interest Expenses

During fiscal 2025, we paid interest on bond borrowings
and deposits accepted to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 84 million, to our key management personnel amounting
to Rs. 22 million and to the close family members of our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 10 million. The material transactions
during fiscal 2025 included Rs. 29 million of interest paid to FISERV, Rs. 21 million of interest paid to Arteria Technologies Private
Limited, Rs. 18 million of interest paid to ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth, Rs. 16 million of interest paid to NIIT Institute of
Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited and Rs. 17 million of interest paid to Mr. Rakesh Jha.

Interest Earned

During fiscal 2025, we received Rs. 643 million
in interest on investments in bonds and loans from our associates/other related entities and Rs. 2 million from our key management personnel.
The material transactions during fiscal 2025 included Rs. 634 million of interest received from India Infradebt Limited.

Purchase of Fixed assets

During fiscal 2025, we purchased fixed assets
from Arteria Technologies Private Limited amounting to Rs. 3 million.

50

Table of Contents

Dividend Income

During fiscal 2025, we received dividend income
from India Infradebt Limited amounting to Rs. 107 million.

CSR expenses

During fiscal 2025, we paid corporate social responsibility
related expenses to ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth amounting to Rs. 9.1 billion.

Dividend Paid

During fiscal 2025, we paid Rs. 14 million in
dividends to our key management personnel and Rs. 8 million in dividends to the close family members of our key management personnel.
Dividends paid included: Rs. 4 million to Mr. Sandeep Bakshi, Rs. 4 million to Mr. Sandeep Batra, Rs. 1 million to Mr. Rakesh Jha, Rs.
6 million to Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta and Rs.4 million to Mr. Shivam Bakhshi, a close family member of Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi.

Reimbursement of expenses paid

During fiscal 2025, we reimbursed official expenses
of Rs. 2 million to our key management personnel. The material transactions during fiscal 2025 included Rs. 0.6 million to Mr. Rakesh
Jha, Rs. 0.7 million to Mr. Sandeep Batra and Rs. 0.8 million to Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta.

Value of ESOPs exercised

During fiscal 2025, our key management personnel
exercised ESOPs amounting to Rs. 477 million. The value of ESOPs exercised during fiscal 2025 by Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi was Rs. 214 million,
by Mr. Sandeep Batra was Rs. 121 million, by Mr. Rakesh Jha was Rs. 100 million, and by Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta was Rs. 42 million.

Volume of fixed deposits accepted

During fiscal 2025, the volume of fixed deposits
accepted from our associates/other related entities amounted to Rs. 16.9 billion, the volume of fixed deposits accepted from our key management
personnel amounted to Rs. 310 million and the volume of fixed deposits accepted from the close family members of our key management personnel
amounted to Rs. 90 million. The material transactions during fiscal 2025 were Rs. 16.3 billion of fixed deposits accepted from FISERV.

Forex/swaps/derivatives and forwards transactions
entered (notional value)

During fiscal 2025, we entered into forex/swaps/derivatives
and forwards transactions with our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 764 million. The material transactions during fiscal
2025 were Rs. 647 million with FISERV and Rs. 116 million with Arteria Technologies Private Limited.

Guarantees/letters of credit given by ICICI Group

During fiscal 2025, we gave guarantees to ICICI
Foundation for Inclusive Growth amounting to Rs. 140 million.

Capital Infusion

During fiscal 2025, the group infused capital
in Arteria Technologies Private Limited amounting to Rs. 6 million.

51

Table of Contents

Related Party Balances

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
our balance payable to/receivable from our associates/other related entities:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2025
(in million)
Deposits accepted from related parties held by us   Rs.   1,385
Payables to related parties   5,102
Our investments in related parties   12,735
Investments of related parties in ICICI Group   —
Loans and advances to related parties(2)   73
Receivables from related parties   221
Guarantees issued by us for related parties   198

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the balance payable to/receivable from the key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2025
(in million)
Deposits accepted from key management personnel   Rs.   497
Payables to key management personnel   0.2
Investments in our shares held by key management personnel   3
Loans and advances to key management personnel(3)   45
Receivables from close family members of key management personnel   —

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the balance payable to/receivable from the close family members of key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2025
(in million)
Deposits accepted from close family members of key management personnel   Rs.   187
Payables to close family members of key management personnel   1
Investments in our shares held by close family members of key management personnel   6
Loans and advances to close family members of key management personnel(2)   1
Receivables from close family members of key management personnel(1)   0.0

The following table sets forth, for the period
indicated, the maximum balance payable to/receivable from the key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2025
(in million)
Deposits accepted from key management personnel   Rs.   727
Payables to key management personnel   0.2
Investments in our shares held by key management personnel   3
Loans and advances to key management personnel(3)   69
Receivables from close family members of key management personnel   0.1

The following table sets forth, for the period
indicated, the maximum balance payable to/receivable from the close family members of key management personnel:

52

Table of Contents

Items   At year-end fiscal 2025
(in million)
Deposits accepted from close family members of key management personnel   Rs.   197
Payables to close family members of key management personnel   2
Investments in our shares held by close family members of key management personnel   6
Loans and advances to close family members of key management personnel(2)   7
Receivables from close family members of key management personnel(1)   0.0

__________________

(1)   Insignificant amount.

(2)   The loans and advances (a) were made in the ordinary course of business, (b) were made on substantially the same terms, including
interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons, and (c) did not involve
more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features.

(3)   The loans and advances (a) were made in the ordinary course of business and were made on substantially the same terms, including interest
rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons or (b) were made on the same terms,
including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for other employees as part of employee loan scheme, and (c)
did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features.

53

Table of Contents

Business

Overview

We are a diversified financial services group
offering a wide range of banking and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery channels. Apart
from banking products and services, we offer life and general insurance, asset management, securities broking, and private equity products
and services through our specialized subsidiaries. Our consolidated total assets at year-end fiscal 2025 was Rs. 26,422.4 billion. Our
consolidated capital and reserves and surplus including employees’ stock options outstanding at year-end fiscal 2025, was Rs. 3,139.1
billion and our consolidated net profit (after minority interest) for fiscal 2025 was Rs. 510.3 billion.

Our primary business consists of commercial banking
operations for retail and corporate customers. Our commercial banking operations for retail customers consist of retail lending, deposit
taking, and other fee-based products and services. We provide a range of commercial banking products and services, including loan products,
fee and commission-based products and services, deposit products and foreign exchange and derivatives products to large corporations,
middle market companies and small and medium enterprises. We also offer agricultural and rural banking products. We earn interest and
fee income from our commercial banking operations. We deliver our products and services through a variety of channels, including bank
branches, ATMs, call centers, internet and mobile phones. We had a network of 6,983 branches and 16,285 ATMs and cash recycler machines
in India at year-end fiscal 2025.

The overseas offices of the Bank complement the
India business centers by providing coverage and service to Non-Resident Indians (“NRI”) and India-linked businesses. These
overseas offices focus on four key pillars, namely (a) the NRI ecosystem serving the Indian diaspora globally for their banking needs
in India (including deposits and remittances); (b) the Multinational Corporates (“MNC”) and Global Capability Centres (“GCC”)
ecosystem, assisting foreign MNCs with setting up offices in India for manufacturing/ services and the Indian MNCs present overseas for
their banking requirements; (c) the Institutional ecosystem, capturing fund flows into India through the Foreign Portfolio Investment
(“FPI”) and Foreign Direct Investment (“FDI”) route and (d) the Trade ecosystem, comprising primarily India-linked
cross-border trade transactions. At year-end fiscal 2025, we had banking subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Canada, branches in the
United States (New York), Dubai International Finance Centre, Bahrain, Hong Kong, Singapore, China, Offshore Banking Unit located in the
Santacruz Electronic Exports Promotion Zone, Mumbai and IFSC Banking Unit, Gandhinagar, Gujarat. At year-end fiscal 2025, we had representative
offices in the United Arab Emirates (Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah), the United States (Texas and California), Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka,
Malaysia and Indonesia. Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom has a branch in Germany. See also “
Risk factors—Risks Relating
to Our Business—The exposures of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations
”.

Our treasury operations include the maintenance
and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign exchange and derivatives
products and services for corporate customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps.

We are also engaged in insurance, asset management,
securities broking business and private equity fund management through specialized subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, provide
a wide range of life insurance, general insurance and asset management products respectively.

The Bank’s holding in ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited was 48.0% at March 31, 2023. In May 2023, the Board of Directors of ICICI Bank Limited approved acquisition
of up to 4.0% of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's shareholding, to make it a subsidiary of the Bank, subject to regulatory
approvals. During fiscal 2024, the Bank increased its shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company to over 50.0%. Consequently,
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an affiliate and became a subsidiary of the Bank, effective as of February
29, 2024.

54

Table of Contents

Our subsidiary
ICICI Securities is engaged in equities underwriting, securities broking and distribution of financial products. Our subsidiary
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited is engaged in underwriting and primary dealership of government securities. Our private equity
fund management subsidiary, ICICI Venture, manages funds that make private equity investments. At March 31, 2024, the Bank held 74.7%
of the equity shares of its broking subsidiary, ICICI Securities, with the remaining 25.3% of the equity shares held by public
shareholders. In June 2023, the Boards of Directors of the Bank and ICICI Securities approved the Scheme for delisting of equity
shares of ICICI Securities under Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021, subject to receipt
of requisite approvals. Following the receipt of required approvals, with effect from March 24, 2025, ICICI Securities Limited has become
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank and its shares have been delisted from the stock exchanges. On March 26, 2025, the Bank allotted
its equity shares to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities as on the Record Date, in accordance with the swap ratio of 67 to 100,
as provided in the Scheme.

Our legal name is ICICI Bank Limited, but we are
known commercially as ICICI Bank. We were incorporated on January 5, 1994 under the laws of India as a limited liability corporation.
The duration of ICICI Bank is unlimited. Our principal corporate office is located at ICICI Bank Towers, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai
400 051, India, our telephone number is +91 22 4008 6173 and our website address is
www.icicibank.com
. None of the contents of
our and our subsidiaries’ websites are incorporated in this annual report. Our agent for service of process in the United States
is Mr. Akshay Chaturvedi, Country Head, ICICI Bank Limited, New York Branch, 575 Fifth Avenue, 26
th
 floor, Suite 2600, New
York, New York 10017.

History

ICICI was formed in 1955 at the initiative of
the World Bank, the Government of India and Indian industry representatives. The principal objective was to create a development financial
institution for providing medium-term and long-term project financing to Indian businesses. Until the late 1980s, ICICI primarily focused
its activities on project finance, providing long-term funds to a variety of industrial projects. With the liberalization of the financial
sector in India in the 1990s, ICICI transformed its business from a development financial institution offering only project finance to
a diversified financial services provider that, along with its subsidiaries and other group companies, offered a wide variety of products
and services. ICICI Bank was incorporated in 1994 as a part of ICICI group. ICICI and ICICI Bank merged in 2002.

Strategy

In fiscal 2025, we maintained our strategic focus
on profitable growth in business within the guardrails of risk and compliance. We grew our credit portfolio with a focus on granularity
and saw healthy growth across our retail and business banking and wholesale portfolios. We continued to focus on holistically serving
our clients and their ecosystems. We sought to maintain and enhance our liability franchise. We focused on maintaining a resilient balance
sheet with sufficient liquidity, prudent provisioning and healthy capital adequacy. Our capital adequacy ratios on March 31, 2025 were
significantly above regulatory requirements.

Going forward, we will continue with our strategic
focus on growing the profit before tax excluding treasury (calculated as Profit before tax
less
 Income from treasury-related activities,
both reported separately in Operating Results Data). Our Risk Appetite and Enterprise Risk Management framework sets out our risk appetite,
including a limit framework for various risk categories. The Bank continues to emphasize

55

Table of Contents

strengthening its operational resilience to facilitate the seamless
delivery of services to customers. We maintain our focus on growing our loan portfolio in a granular manner based on risk and reward,
with focus on return of capital and containment of provisions within targeted levels. We have no specific targets for loan mix or segment-wise
loan growth. We aim to continue to grow our deposit franchise, maintain a stable and healthy funding profile and our competitive advantage
in cost of funds.

We see significant opportunities for profitable
growth across various sectors of the Indian economy.

The Bank’s strategic approach is based on
three pillars of principles, coverage and delivery framework as described below:

Principles

Building trust with all stakeholders is critical
to the Bank’s strategic objectives. Integrity, transparency and fairness continue to be core in serving customers.

Return of Capital

The Bank is focused on the principle of ‘Return
of Capital’ emphasizing the need to prioritize conservation of capital. The approach of onboarding quality counterparties has provided
an impetus to maintaining resilient growth in business while protecting capital.

Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank

The principle of ‘Fair to Customer, Fair
to Bank’ emphasizes the need to deliver fair value to customers while creating value for shareholders, which would guide the Bank’s
operations. The Bank seeks to sell products and offer services which meet societal needs and are in the interest of its customers.

One Bank, One Team

The principle of 'One Bank, One Team' underscores
the Bank's endeavor to harness business opportunities across ecosystems and micromarkets and maximize the Bank’s wallet share in
the target opportunity.

Agile risk Management

The Bank recognises that
the landscape is constantly evolving and with it, the nature of emerging risks. We believe that risk management must be dynamic, data-driven,
and forward-looking. We seek to adopt an agile risk management approach that allows us to identify, assess and mitigate risks proactively.

Compliance with Conscience

The Bank conducts business within the boundaries
of law and regulations. The Bank is committed to fostering a risk and compliance culture to ensure a balance of risk and rewards for delivering
long-term sustainable outcomes.

The Risk and Compliance Culture Policy establishes
the risk and compliance culture guiding principles and the framework for implementation of the same. The effective implementation of the
policy includes a governance framework with roles and responsibilities of the Board, Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and
Executive Directors and the Risk and Compliance Culture Council.

Coverage

The Bank has adopted a customer-centric approach,
with the prime objective of serving all their banking needs in a holistic manner. The Bank continues to focus on deepening its presence
and harnessing business opportunities across ecosystems and micromarkets in a unified manner by leveraging business centers, digital channels
and partnerships to drive growth.

56

Table of Contents

360-degree customer centric approach

Customer-centricity is core to our strategy in
growing our business and delivering customer satisfaction. The approach begins with developing a deep understanding of our customers’
needs, expectations and experiences. The approach is to take the entire Bank to the customer and offer solutions that are holistic in
nature and build trust that translates into a long-term relationship with our customers. The Bank aims to become the trusted financial
service provider of choice for our customers.

Focus on ecosystems

The Bank's objective is to serve all
financial needs of customers and their ecosystems by capturing the entire value chain. In line with the objective of creating
customer-oriented ecosystems, the Bank has sector-specific solutions. On international operations, the Bank has repositioned its
international franchise to focus on four strategic pillars—namely, the non-resident Indian ecosystem; the multinational
corporation and global capability centres ecosystem; the institutional ecosystem and the trade ecosystem.

Focus on micro markets

Micromarket insights allow the Bank to focus on
aligned distribution and relevant delivery models. The Bank continues to deepen its presence and strengthen the organizational structure
with ‘State Business Heads’ to capture the 360-degree opportunity in these geographies and ‘City Business Heads’
covering the full spectrum of the ecosystem in cities with large concentrated market opportunities.

Internal cross-functional collaboration
and external partnerships

Leveraging synergies within the organization and
building partnerships across the value chain is a key focus area. Cross-functional teams have been created to tap into various ecosystems,
enabling 360-degree coverage of customers and increasing wallet share. Partnerships with technology companies and platforms with large
customer bases and operational excellence offer unique opportunities for growth and enhancing service delivery and customer experience.

Delivery
framework

The Bank continues to enhance delivery capabilities
to provide high quality customer experiences. The Bank has emphasized continuously strengthening its operational resilience to facilitate
the seamless delivery of services to customers.

Focus on quality

Offering quality banking services with simplicity
and reliability is the key priority of the Bank. The Bank emphasizes known and assessable profiles, while maintaining stringency in counterparty
selection. Thereby, the Bank continues its approach of quality onboarding by selecting the right counterparties, including partners and
service providers.

Process decongestion

Process decongestion in the delivery framework
is an ongoing effort with the objective of eliminating complexity, streamlining operations and building efficiencies to make customer
onboarding and service delivery frictionless, thereby improving the customer experience.

Bank to Bank
Tech

Technology is integral
to the Bank’s business strategy. As a part of its Bank-to-Bank Tech transformation journey, the Bank has revamped its enterprise
architecture to strengthen data and digital platforms, developed cloud-based applications and adopted other emerging technologies. The
Bank’s efforts continue to be guided by the three pillars of scalability, resilience and security across technology solutions and
to enhance cyber security measures. The Bank has adopted AI driven use cases across various functions to enhance operational efficiency,
enable decision-making and decongest banking experience for customers. The Bank has invested in tools and created a framework to enable
employees with the power of generative AI for enhanced efficiency, accuracy and experience. While the Bank is working on realizing the
value of AI, the use cases are selected in a measured manner to mitigate the associated risks. The Bank continues to invest in this area
to drive business solutions and harness opportunities.

57

Table of Contents

The Bank continues to emphasize serving customers
with simplicity, transparency and offering suitable banking solution for long-term sustainability in achieving its vision “to become
the trusted financial service provider of choice for our customers, thereby creating sustainable value for our stakeholders.

Overview of Our Products and Services

Commercial Banking for Retail Customers

Our commercial banking operations for retail customers
consist of retail lending and deposits, and fee-based products and services like credit, debit and prepaid cards and depositary share
accounts.

Retail Lending Activities

Our retail lending activities include home loans,
automobile loans, commercial business loans, personal loans, credit cards, consumer durable goods financing, loans against time deposits
and loans against securities.

Our suite of products and services for retail
customers includes savings, investment, credit and protection products, along with payment and transaction banking services. Our retail
portfolio consists largely of secured lending, with growth based on proprietary data and analytics in addition to credit bureau checks.
Our deposit franchise enables us to offer competitive pricing. We also leverage our existing customer database for sale of key retail
asset products through cross-sell and up-sell. Our underwriting process involves a combination of key variables to assess the cash flow
and repayment ability of the customer like income, leverage, customer profile, quality markers, credit bureau data and demographics. We
utilize multiple data points including liability and asset relationships, transaction behavior and bureau behavior along with proprietary
machine learning and statistical models for making credit decisions.

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
the breakdown of ICICI Group’s gross retail finance portfolio.

At March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025
(Rs. in billions)   (% share)   (US$ in millions)
Home loans   Rs.   4,264.1   Rs.   4,676.2   61.2   %   US$   54,738
Automobile loans   595.8   623.2   8.1   7,295
Commercial business loans(1)   316.8   338.3   4.4   3,959
Others(2)   177.8   189.3   2.5   2,216
Total secured retail finance portfolio   5,354.5   5,827.0   76.2   68,208
Personal loans   1,169.7   1,216.7   15.9   14,242
Credit card receivables   523.0   587.9   7.7   6,881
Others(2)   15.1   14.9   0.2   174
Total unsecured retail finance portfolio   1,707.8   1,819.5   23.8   21,297
Total retail finance portfolio   Rs.   7,062.3   Rs.   7,646.5   100.0   %   US$   89,505

__________________

(1)   Includes commercial vehicles, construction equipment and health care equipment.

(2)   Includes two-wheeler loans, loan against securities.

58

Table of Contents

Home Loans

Our home loan portfolio includes loans for purchase
and construction of homes and by mortgaging residential or commercial properties. We also offer instant top-up on home loans to existing
home loan customers. Our policies for home loans are based on certain stipulated ratios such as the loan-to-value ratio and the ratio
of fixed debt obligations to a borrower’s income. The initial repayment term of home loans is 15 to 20 years with payments in the
form of equal monthly installments. The credit process includes a cashflow assessment of the borrower as well as evaluating the property
being mortgaged against the legal and technical standards defined at the Bank.

We follow a comprehensive credit appraisal process
when offering a loan-against-property. The average loan-to-value ratios of the loan-against-property portfolio are lower compared to our
home loan portfolio. Lending is based on cash flows of borrowers and not just the value of the collateral. We also provide loans to customers
belonging to economically weaker sections and customers buying homes in the low-cost affordable housing segment. See also
“Technology”

and
“Risk Factors—Risks relating to our business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to
interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio,
our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance”.

Our home loans primarily have floating interest
rates linked to the repo rate of the Reserve Bank of India. Home loans are repaid in equated monthly installments over the tenor of the
loan. An increase in the repo rate will increase the interest rate on home loans and a decrease in the repo rate will decrease the interest
rate on home loans. When interest rates on home loans increase, the tenor of the loan is extended and in instances where this is not possible,
the equated monthly installments of the loan are increased. Borrowers are given options to increase their installments instead of tenor.
When interest rates on home loans decrease, the tenor of the loan is reduced leaving the equated monthly installments unchanged, unless
borrowers opt to reduce the installment amount.
See also “Risk factors
—
Our banking and trading activities are particularly
vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed
income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance”.

We offer home loan products primarily in India
through ICICI Bank and our wholly owned subsidiary, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited. The loan portfolio of our housing finance subsidiary
includes home loans, loans-against-property and loans to developers among others. The loan portfolio of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited
increased by 25.0% from Rs. 221.3 billion at March 31, 2024 to Rs. 275.9 billion at March 31, 2025. ICICI Home Finance Company Limited
raises funds through term loans from banks, bonds and debentures, commercial papers, fixed deposits and refinance from National Housing
Bank. During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Bank infused capital of Rs. 5.0 billion. At March 31, 2025, ICICI Home Finance Company
Limited had a branch network of 239 branches.

Our banking subsidiary in Canada offers residential
mortgages in the local market. ICICI Bank Canada held total residential mortgages amounting to CAD 2,739 million (Rs. 163.4 billion) at
year-end fiscal 2025 as compared to CAD 3,607 million (Rs. 221.2 billion) at year-end fiscal 2024. This includes mortgages of CAD 1,686
million (Rs. 100.6 billion) at year-end fiscal 2025 as compared to CAD 2,184 million (Rs. 133.8 billion) at year-end fiscal 2024 securitized
under the Canadian National Housing Act —Mortgage Backed Securities program or through participation in the Canada Mortgage Bonds
program. Further, the total residential mortgages also include conventional mortgages of CAD 1,011 million (Rs. 60.3 billion) at year-end
fiscal 2025 as compared to CAD 1,383 million (Rs. 85.0 billion) at year-end fiscal 2024 and insured mortgages of CAD 41 million (Rs. 2.5
billion) at year-end fiscal 2025 as compared to CAD 40 million (Rs. 2.4 billion) at year-end fiscal 2024.

59

Table of Contents

Automobile loans

We finance the purchase of new and used automobiles.
Automobile loans are fixed rate products repayable in equated monthly installments. The interest rate is based on factors such as bureau
score, customer relationship, car segment and tenure of loan, among others, for new automobiles and asset age car segment coupled with
product variant like top-up or refinance, for used automobiles.

Commercial business loans

We finance the purchase of commercial vehicles
and equipment. Commercial business loans are fixed rate products repayable in equated monthly installments. Our commercial business customers
include individuals to large fleet operators, contractors as well as hirers.

Personal loans and credit cards

We also offer unsecured products such as personal
loans and credit cards to our customers. Personal loans and credit card receivables have fixed interest rates. We also offer a range of
instant personal loans and credit cards that are accessible through our digital channels.

Retail Deposits

Our retail deposit products include time deposits
and savings account deposits. We offer these products and 360-degree solutions across life stages—minor, student, professionals,
senior citizen—and to specific customer segments such as high net worth individuals, defense personnel, trusts, start-ups and business
owners. We offer seamless account opening and activation through enhanced system-driven validations to our customers. We also offer corporate
salary account and current account (i.e., checking accounts for businesses) to our large, medium and small enterprise customers.

Fee-Based Products and Services

Through our distribution network, we offer various
products including Government of India savings bonds, sovereign gold bonds, insurance policies, mutual funds, bullion and public offerings
of equity shares and debt securities by Indian companies. We offer several card-based products such as credit cards, debit cards, prepaid
cards, travel cards and commercial cards. We also offer foreign exchange products to retail customers including sale of currency notes
and travel cards. We also facilitate retail inward remittances from foreign geographies.

As a depositary participant of the National Securities
Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited, we offer depositary services by opening “demat” accounts
to settle securities transactions in a dematerialized mode. Further, we are one of the banks designated by the Reserve Bank of India for
issuing approvals to non-resident Indians and overseas corporate bodies to trade in shares and convertible debentures on the Indian stock
exchanges and operating their banking and custody accounts.

Retail lending for rural customers

The Bank’s rural banking operations aim
to meet the financial requirements of customers in rural and semi-urban locations. Our products in this segment include working capital
loans for growing crops, financing of post-harvest activities, loans against gold jewellery, financing against
warehouse receipts and farm equipment loans. We also provide consumption loans
for low-income customers. We offer financial solutions to micro-finance institutions, self-help groups, co-operatives constituted by farmers,
corporations and medium enterprises engaged in agriculture-linked businesses. The Bank’s rural banking portfolio grew by 5.5% from
Rs. 771.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 compared to Rs. 814.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

60

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
the breakdown of the Bank’s gross rural finance portfolio.

At March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025
(in billion)   % share   (US$ in million)
Farmer finance(1)   Rs.   288.2   Rs.   327.6   40.2   %   3,835
Loans against jewellery   272.6   315.2   38.7   3,690
Others(2)   210.9   171.6   21.1   2,008
Rural advances(1)   Rs.   771.7   Rs.   814.4   100   %   9,533

__________________

(1)   Includes kisan credit card.

(2)   Includes term loans for farm equipment, self-help groups, loans to microfinance institutions for on-lending to individuals and inventory
funding etc.

(3)   Prior period figures have been re-grouped, where necessary.

Our rural banking operations primarily focus on
four main ecosystems identified in the rural market, which include farmers, dealers, self-employed individuals and micro-entrepreneurs.

The farmer ecosystem includes participants such
as farmers, seed producers, agri-input dealers, warehouse operators, agri-equipment dealers, commodity traders and agri processors. Products
offered include working capital loans through the kisan credit card and gold loan products, and term loans for farm equipment, dairy livestock
purchase and farm development. See also
“Selected Statistical Information—Loan Concentration—Directed Lending”.

The dealer ecosystem comprises distributors and
suppliers of farm equipment and agri-related inputs. The self-employed ecosystem includes rural entrepreneurs engaged in trade and manufacturing
across both agri and non-agri sectors. The micro-entrepreneur ecosystem focuses on women from low-income backgrounds, non-government organizations
and other institutions working at the grassroots level in the rural economy.

We have scaled-up funding of electronic negotiable
warehousing receipts, which provides an opportunity for farmers to access credit quickly and with ease. Farmers can use electronic negotiable
warehousing receipts to get loans against underlying commodities. This protects the farmers from volatility and gives opportunities to
avail better prices for their produce. Apart from meeting the financial requirements for business purposes, we also offer products to
meet the personal requirements of customers in the rural ecosystem.

Our reach in rural areas comprises a network of
branches, ATMs and field staff, and business correspondents providing last-mile access in remote areas. As at year-end fiscal 2025, we
had a network of 6,983 branches, of which 49.9% were in rural and semi-urban areas. As at March 31, 2025, we had 4,730 ATMs and cash recycler
machines in rural and semi-urban areas. See also,
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Entry into new businesses
or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business”
.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks that
arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are subject to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve
Bank of India, which may also involve buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall in meeting
these requirements may be required to be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability.
We may also experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality
of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.”

61

Table of Contents

Commercial Banking for Business Banking

Our business banking customers include proprietorship
firms, partnership firms and public/private limited companies. We offer a wide spectrum of banking products and solutions to address their
evolving business needs. This involves customized offerings, faster turnaround time, transaction convenience, timely access to capital
and cross-border trade and foreign exchange. Our focus in this segment is on using digital channels and ensuring granularity, obtaining
adequate collateral and enhanced monitoring. The loans are generally secured by collateral in the form of property apart from a charge
on current assets. Our business banking portfolio consists of clients with a turnover of up to Rs 7.5 billion. We focus on providing parameterized
and programme-based lending for business banking clients, which is granular, adequately-collateralized and regularly monitored. The net
business banking portfolio of the Bank grew by 33.7% from Rs. 1,970.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 compared to Rs. 2,633.7 billion
at year-end fiscal 2025.

We are focused on growing this portfolio by leveraging
our distribution network and through various digital channels and platforms, tapping corporate ecosystems and ongoing efforts towards
process decongestion. In the current fiscal year, “DigiEase” is a new digital onboarding platform for business banking customers
to provide a seamless onboarding experience. The platform leverages integration with various public data infrastructures for procuring
and processing data digitally.

Commercial Banking for Corporate Customers

Our product suite for corporate customers caters
to all their needs including working capital and term loan products, transaction banking services, fee and commission-based products and
services, deposits and foreign exchange and derivatives products across trade, treasury, bonds, commercial papers, channel financing,
supply chain solutions, and various other activities. We cater to the entire ecosystem of the corporate customer, also focusing on deepening
the Bank’s relationship with employees and sponsors through a suite of retail products like salary, private and wealth banking,
home loans, personal loans, vehicle loans, etc. Our corporate customer base includes top business houses, large private companies and
public sector companies, financial institutions, banks, non-bank finance companies, private equity funds, real estate companies and capital
market and custody participants. We have established relationships with multinational companies operating in India, and financial sponsors,
including private equity funds and their investee companies. We offer transaction banking services to corporates to meet the day-to-day
needs for smooth functioning of their businesses. The transaction banking services offered include account related services, payment and
collection services, domestic and cross border trade finance, working capital finance and supply chain finance. We offer integrated cash
management and trade finance solutions to our customers. Our transaction banking solutions are delivered to our customers through physical
and digital channels and a team of account managers. We also provide transaction banking services to our customers through expanded branch
capabilities at various locations, many of which are in the factory/township premises of certain large conglomerates in the country.

Corporate Loan Portfolio

Our corporate loan portfolio consists of term
loan products and working capital financing in the form of cash credit facilities, overdraft, demand loans and non-fund based facilities
including bill discounting, letters of credit and guarantees. The Bank’s net domestic corporate portfolio grew by 9.4% from Rs.
2,151.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 compared to Rs. 2,353.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. For further details on our loan portfolio,
see “
Selected Statistical Information—Loan Concentration
”. For a description of our credit rating and approval
system, see “
—Risk Management—Credit Risk
”.

We also provide financing by way of investment
in marketable instruments such as fixed rate and floating rate debentures. We generally have a security interest on the fixed assets of
the borrower although some of our financing is also extended on an unsecured basis.

62

Table of Contents

Fee and Commission-Based Activities

We generate fee income through our lending, transaction
banking, syndication and foreign exchange related solutions provided to our corporate customers. We also offer our corporate customers
a wide variety of fee and commission-based products and services including documentary credits, standby letters of credit (called guarantees
in India), collection and payment of export/import bills and cash management services, including collection, payment and remittance services.

Further, we are one of the banks designated by
the Reserve Bank of India for issuing approvals to non-resident Indians and overseas corporate bodies to trade in shares and convertible
debentures on the Indian stock exchanges and operating their banking and custody accounts. We also offer services such as escrow, trust
and retention account facilities, online payment facilities, custodial services and tax filing and collection services on behalf of the
Government of India and the governments of Indian states.

At year-end fiscal 2025, total assets held in
custody on behalf of our clients (mainly foreign institutional investors, offshore funds, overseas corporate bodies and depositary banks
for Global Depositary Receipts (“GDR”) investors were Rs. 33,342.0 billion. As a registered depositary participant of National
Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited, the two securities depositaries operating in India, we
also provide electronic depositary facilities to investors.

Corporate Deposits

We offer a variety of deposit products to our
corporate customers including current accounts, time deposits and certificates of deposits. For more information on the type, cost and
maturity profile of our deposits, see
“Selected Statistical Information—Funding”
.

Foreign Exchange, Fixed Income, Bullion and Derivatives

We provide customer-specific
products and services, which cater to the fund raising, foreign exchange conversion and risk hedging needs of a varied set of customers
at domestic and international locations, arising out of their foreign exchange and interest rate exposures.

The products and services include:

Foreign Exchange Products

Products include cash, tom and spot transactions
for foreign exchange  conversion in more than 26 currencies. We offer customized foreign exchange solutions through online and offline dealing channels
to clients, on the basis of their business needs. These products are offered in India and across our international locations.

Fixed Income Products

Products include Commercial Papers (“CPs”)
and Non-Convertible Debentures (“NCDs”) for market-based fund raising requirements of clients. We offer end-to-end service
from origination to distribution, matching issuer and investor needs through suitable structuring of issuances.

Bullion Products

Products include Gold Metal Loan (“GML”)
and Consignment of Gold and Silver for the gold/silver procurement requirements of clients. We offer market-leading service through a
digital journey from order placement to order fulfilment.

63

Table of Contents

Derivatives

Products include forwards, options and swaps across
permitted asset classes to meet the risk hedging needs of clients. We offer customized derivative solutions to match the specific risk
profile of clients and their risk exposures
.

Commercial Banking for Government and Institutions

We provide a range of banking services including
customized products and services for enhancing e-governance and financial management to government departments and bodies across various
levels such as central, state, district and local bodies which include municipalities and gram panchayats. We are nominated agents by
the government for collection of central taxes, state taxes, goods and services tax payments and custom duty through authorized branches
and digital channels. Our integrated banking platforms provide simple online tax payment options to customers. Statutory payments like
Employees’ Provident Fund Organization and Employees’ State Insurance Corporation dues can be done online through our platforms.
These efforts also result in deposit balances for the Bank.

We have on-boarded a number of central and state
government departments to ensure quick disbursement of funds and benefits to beneficiaries and implementing agencies through the Public
Financial Management System of the Government of India. We are also assisting state level nodal agencies and last-mile implementing agencies
for adopting efficient release of Government of India scheme funds.

We also provide financial services to other institutions,
including educational institutions, hospitals and cooperative societies, among others and offer a range of technology driven collections
and payment solutions.

Commercial Banking for International Customers

The overseas offices of the Bank complement the
India business centers by providing coverage and service to NRI and India-linked businesses. These overseas offices focus on four key
pillars, namely (a) the NRI ecosystem, serving the Indian diaspora globally for their banking needs in India (including deposits and remittances);
(b) the MNC and GCC ecosystem, assisting foreign MNCs with setting up offices in India for manufacturing/ services and the Indian MNCs
present overseas for their banking requirements; (c) the Institutional ecosystem, capturing fund flows into India through the FPI and
FDI route and (d) the Trade ecosystem, comprising primarily India-linked cross-border trade transactions. Further, our overseas banking
subsidiaries continue to serve local markets selectively with a focus on risk mitigation and granularity of business.

Many of the products that we offer through our
overseas branches and subsidiaries, as well as to international customers from our domestic network, such as debt financing, trade finance
and letters of credit, are similar to the products offered to our customers in India.

Total assets (net of inter-office balances) of
ICICI Bank’s overseas branches at year-end fiscal 2025 were Rs. 896.3 billion and total advances were Rs. 307.9 billion compared
to total assets of Rs. 679.8 billion and total advances were Rs. 334.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. The year-on-year decrease in our
overseas branches loan portfolio was primarily due to decline in the India-linked trade finance portfolio. Our overseas branches are funded
by bond issuances, bilateral loans from banks, loans from export credit agencies, money market borrowings, deposits and refinance from
banks. The overseas loan portfolio of ICICI Bank was 2.3% of the overall loan portfolio at year-end fiscal 2025. The corporate fund and
non-fund outstanding, net of cash/bank/insurance backed lending, was US$ 3.0 billion at March 31, 2025. Out of US$ 3.0 billion, 91.0%
of the outstanding was to Indian corporates and their subsidiaries and joint ventures and 7.1% of the outstanding was to non-India companies
with Indian or India-linked operations and activities and this portfolio is generally well-rated and the Indian operations of these companies
are our target customers for deposit and transaction banking franchise. The Bank will continue to pursue risk calibrated opportunities
in this segment. Out of US$ 3.0 billion, 1.0% of the outstanding was to companies owned by non-resident Indians/person of

64

Table of Contents

Indian origins and 0.9% of the outstanding was to other non-India companies
which is less than 0.1% of the total portfolio of the Bank. The non-India linked corporate portfolio reduced by 3.5% from about US$ 275
million year-on-year to US$ 265 million at March 31, 2025. See also, “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our
funding is primarily short-term and if depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely affected
”.

Our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Canada
are full service banks offering retail, business banking, corporate banking and treasury services. These subsidiaries provide services
to their customers through branch banking and digital channels, including internet and mobile banking. Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom
is primarily focused on India-linked business, and towards meeting the banking needs of the Indian community in the United Kingdom and
Germany. The core services include meeting local banking requirements, remittance services to India, and facilitating banking requirements
in India. Our subsidiary in Canada originates residential mortgages, primarily insured and qualifying for insurance by either the Canadian
federal government agency or insurance companies backstopped by the Canadian federal government and offers loans to both Canadian and
U.S. corporations as well as Indian corporations seeking to develop their business overseas.

At year-end fiscal 2025, ICICI Bank UK PLC (“ICICI
Bank UK”) had seven branches and three service centers in the United Kingdom and a branch in Germany. At year-end fiscal 2025, the
total assets of ICICI Bank UK were US$ 2.4 billion. ICICI Bank UK made a net profit of US$ 27 million during fiscal 2025, compared to
US$ 29 million during fiscal 2024. At year-end fiscal 2025, loans and advances of ICICI Bank UK were US$ 1.2 billion and investments were
US$ 0.7 billion.

At year-end fiscal 2025, ICICI Bank Canada had
twelve branches and total assets of CAD 5.2 billion. ICICI Bank Canada earned a net profit of CAD 72 million in fiscal 2025 as compared
to a net profit of CAD 73 million in fiscal 2024. At year-end fiscal 2025, net advances (net loans) of ICICI Bank Canada were CAD 4.5
billion and investments were CAD 0.5 billion.

See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Financial instability in other countries, particularly countries where we have established
operations, could adversely affect our business” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The exposures
of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.”

Branch and ATM Network and Call Centers

We deliver our products and
services through a variety of channels, ranging from traditional bank branches to ATMs, cash recycler machines and call centers. In addition,
our digital channels and platforms have become increasingly important to our customers. See
“Technology”
. At year-end
fiscal 2025, we had a network of 6,983 branches across several Indian states. The branch network serves as an integrated channel for deposit
mobilization and selected retail asset origination. Our focus is to digitize a maximum number of processes and other touch points for
customer experience in order to enhance customer engagement time for solutions. Digital services kiosks are deployed in branches with
higher number of customer visits. This allows customers to use banking services like cheque deposit, get quick account credit, update
passbook, transfer funds instantly to ICICI and other bank customers and various other “Do-it-yourself” digital services,
which help reduce customer wait time.

65

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth the breakdown of
the number of branches by area for the periods indicated.

At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2025
Branch by area(1)   Number of branches and extension counters   % of total   Number of branches and extension counters   % of total
Metropolitan   1,907   29.2   %   2,079   29.8   %
Urban   1,310   20.1   %   1,422   20.3   %
Semi-urban   1,838   28.2   %   1,905   27.3   %
Rural   1,468   22.5   %   1,577   22.6   %
Total branches and extension counters   6,523   100.0   %   6,983   100.0   %

__________________

(1)   Classification of branches as per population census 2011.

At March 31, 2025, we had 16,285 ATMs and cash
recycler machines across India. Our ATMs have additional value added services such as instant fund transfer, cardless cash withdrawal.

Our phone banking is operational
around the clock across multiple locations. Phone banking is equipped with interactive voice response systems, voice/email bot solution,
voice biometric authentications, automatic call distribution, telephony integration and voice recorders. We seek to use the phone banking
technology to provide an integrated view of customer information to the agents to get a complete overview of the customer’s relationship
with us. We have implemented a customer relationship management solution for the automation of customer service requests in all key banking
products. The solution helps in tracking and timely resolution of various customer queries and issues. The solution has been deployed
at the phone banking as well as at a large number of branches.

Investment Banking

Our investment banking operations principally
consist of ICICI Bank’s treasury operations and the operations of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited and of ICICI Securities.

Treasury

Through our treasury operations, we seek to
manage our balance sheet, including the maintenance of required regulatory reserves, and to optimize profits from our trading
portfolio by taking advantage of market opportunities. Our domestic trading and securities portfolio includes our regulatory reserve
portfolio, as there is no restriction on active management of our regulatory reserve portfolio. Our treasury operations include a
range of products and services for corporate and small enterprise customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and
currency swaps, and foreign exchange products and services. See also “—
Commercial Banking for Corporate
Customers—Foreign Exchange, Fixed Income, Bullion and Derivatives
”.

Our treasury undertakes liquidity management by
seeking to maintain an optimum level of liquidity, complying with the cash reserve ratio requirement and seeking to maintain the smooth
functioning of all our branches. We maintain a balance between interest-earning liquid assets and cash to optimize earnings and undertake
reserve management by maintaining statutory reserves, including the cash reserve ratio and the statutory liquidity ratio. At year-end
fiscal 2025, ICICI Bank was required to maintain the statutory liquidity ratio requirement percentage at 18.0% of its domestic net demand
and time liabilities by way of approved securities such as Government of India securities and state government securities. We maintain
the statutory liquidity ratio through a portfolio of government of India securities that we actively manage to optimize the yield and
benefit from price movements. Further, as a prudent liquidity management strategy, we generally maintain excess investments in securities
eligible for classification under the statutory liquidity ratio

66

Table of Contents

requirement. We maintain the liquidity coverage ratio and net stable
funding ratio, as required under Basel III, both on a standalone basis and at the group level. The minimum requirement for each ratio
is 100.0%. The liquidity coverage ratio requirement is met by investment in high quality liquid assets, which are primarily in the form
of government securities and better-rated corporate bonds. Our average liquidity coverage ratio for the three months ended March 31, 2025
was 126.1% on a standalone basis and was 125.1% on a consolidated basis. Both of these ratios were higher than the regulatory requirement.
See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Legal Reserve Requirements
”.

ICICI Bank engages in investments and foreign
exchange operations from Mumbai and overseas branches. As a part of our treasury activities, we also maintain proprietary trading portfolios
in domestic debt and equity securities and in foreign currency assets. Our treasury manages our foreign currency exposures and the foreign
exchange and risk hedging derivative products offered to our customers and engages in market making and proprietary trading in currency
and interest rate market. Our investment and market risk policies are approved by the Board of Directors.

In general, we pursue a strategy of active management
of our equity portfolio to maximize our return on investment. To reinforce compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India’s
insider trading regulations, all dealings in our equity and debt investments in listed companies are undertaken by our treasury’s
equity and corporate bonds dealing desks, which are segregated from both the other groups and desks in the treasury and from our other
business groups, and which do not have access to unpublished price sensitive information about these companies that may be available to
us as a lender.

We deal in several major foreign currencies and
take deposits from non-resident Indians in major foreign currencies. We also manage onshore accounts in foreign currencies. The foreign
exchange treasury manages our portfolio through money market and foreign exchange instruments to optimize yield and liquidity.

We provide a variety of risk management solutions
to our clients, including foreign currency forward contracts, currency and interest rate swaps and options. We monitor and control the
market risk and credit risk on our foreign exchange portfolio through counterparty limits, position limits, stop-loss limits and limits
on the loss of the entire foreign exchange trading operations and exception reporting. See also “
—Risk Management—Market
Risk—Exchange Rate Risk
”.

Securities broking and investment banking

ICICI Securities is a financial services
company operating across capital market segments including retail and institutional equity, financial product distribution, private wealth
management and investment banking. ICICI Securities has an online securities broking platform. ICICI Securities assists
its customers like retail investors, corporates, financial institutions and high net worth individuals in meeting their financial goals
by providing them with research, advisory and execution services. ICICI Securities has a subsidiary in the United States, ICICI
Securities Holdings Inc., which in turn has a subsidiary in the United States, ICICI Securities Inc., which is registered as a broker-dealer
with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority in the United States. ICICI
Securities Inc. also has a branch office in Singapore that is registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, where it holds a capital
markets services license for dealing in capital market products in Singapore. The consolidated profit after tax of ICICI Securities was Rs. 17.5 billion in fiscal 2025 as compared to Rs. 17.3 billion in fiscal 2024.

At March 31, 2023,
the Bank held 74.7% of the equity shares of its broking subsidiary, ICICI Securities, with the remaining 25.3% of the equity
shares held by public shareholders. In June 2023, the Boards of Directors of the Bank and ICICI Securities approved the Scheme
for the delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities under Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations,
2021, subject to receipt of requisite approvals. Following the receipt of required approvals, with effect from March 24, 2025, has become
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank and has been delisted from the stock exchanges. On March 26, 2025, the Bank allotted its equity
shares to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities as of the record date, in accordance with a swap ratio of 67 to 100, as provided
in the Scheme. In March 2025, in accordance with the Scheme, the Bank allotted 56 million equity shares of Rs. 2 each, including 52 thousand
equity shares towards fractional entitlements, to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities as of the Record Date, in accordance with
the approved equity swap ratio.

67

Table of Contents

I-Process Services

I-Process Services (India) Limited (formerly known
as I-Process Services (India) Private Limited) (“iProcess”) has a service provider agreement only with the Bank to provide
manpower-based support services across sales, marketing, data entry, operations and collection functions. At March 31, 2023, the Bank
held 19.0% of the shareholding in iProcess. During fiscal 2024, the Bank purchased the remaining equity shares of iProcess and, consequently,
iProcess became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective March 22, 2024. iProcess earned a net profit of Rs. 0.27 billion during
fiscal 2025 compared to a net profit of Rs. 0.15 billion during fiscal 2024.

Primary dealership

Our subsidiary ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Limited is engaged in the primary dealership of Indian government securities. It also deals in other fixed income securities and interest
rate derivatives. In addition to this, it also undertakes money market operations, underwriting and placement of debt. ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited earned a net profit of Rs. 5.4 billion in fiscal 2025 compared to a net profit of Rs. 4.1 billion in fiscal
2024. The revenues of the business are directly linked to conditions in the fixed income market.

Private Equity

Our subsidiary ICICI Venture is a diversified
specialist alternative asset manager with a presence across private equity, venture capital, real estate, infrastructure and special situations.
ICICI Venture ended fiscal 2025 with profit after tax of Rs.150.6 million.

On May 08, 2025, the Board
of Directors of ICICI Venture and the Board of Directors of ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company, in their respective meetings, approved,
in principle, a proposal to transfer the private equity, venture capital and real estate fund management business of ICICI Venture to
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company. ICICI Venture would continue to undertake certain advisory activities as well as manage certain
residual funds. The proposed transaction would enable the offering of an integrated full range of investment asset classes, including
private equity, by ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company. The transaction would be subject to the receipt of requisite regulatory
and other approvals, completion of other procedures and entering into the necessary agreements.

Asset Management

We provide asset management services through our
subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company is a joint venture with Prudential PLC
of the United Kingdom. We have 51.0% interest in the entity and Prudential PLC owns 49.0%. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company also
provides portfolio management services and advisory services to clients. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company earned a net profit
of Rs. 26.5 billion during fiscal 2025 compared to a net profit of Rs. 18.2 billion during fiscal 2024.

In February 2025, the Bank’s joint venture
partner, Prudential PLC, made an announcement regarding a potential listing and partial divestment of its stake in ICICI Prudential Asset
Management Company, subject to market conditions, requisite approvals and other considerations.
However, the Bank intends to retain our majority shareholding in ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company. In June 2025, the Board of
Directors of the Bank approved the purchase of up to 2.0% additional shareholding in the ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company, subject
to the receipt of requisite approvals. This purchase will primarily be for the purposes of maintaining the Bank’s majority shareholding
in ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company were it to grant stock-based compensation.

68

Table of Contents

ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company (“the
Company”) has filed a  DRHP dated July 8, 2025 with Securities and Exchange Board of India, BSE Limited
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited for an  IPO comprising of an  OFS of equity shares
held by  PCHL in the Company, representing upto 10% of the equity share capital of the Company.
The IPO and the amount of the OFS amount shall be subject to market conditions, requisite approvals and other considerations. Additionally,
on July 8, 2025, the Bank has entered into an inter-se agreement with PCHL stating its intention to purchase up to 2% of fully diluted
pre-IPO share capital of the Company from PCHL, prior to the consummation of the IPO. This would be subject to finalisation amongst both
parties of relevant terms, requisite corporate and statutory approvals as may be required by each of the parties, applicable law and other
considerations.

Insurance

We provide a wide range of insurance products
and services through our subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.
Both ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited are listed on relevant Indian
stock exchanges.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
has a wholly owned subsidiary, which distributes products under the National
Pension System and is a registered pension fund manager.

The Board of Directors
of the Bank at its board meeting held on July 19, 2025 approved the acquisition of 100% shareholding in ICICI Prudential Pension Funds
Management Company Limited (ICICI PFM) from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited to make ICICI PFM a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Bank, subject to RBI, PFRDA and other necessary approvals. The Board of Directors of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
has at their meeting on July 19, 2025 approved the sale of entire 100% of equity shareholding held in ICICI Prudential Pension Funds
Management Company Limited to the Bank, subject to approval of the regulatory and statutory authorities, as per applicable regulations.

At March 31, 2025, our share ownership in ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited was 51.0% at March 31, 2025 and  shareholding was 22.0%.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
had assets under management of Rs. 3.1 trillion at March 31, 2025 and had a market share of 6.9% on a retail-weighted received premium
basis in fiscal 2025 based on data published by the Life Insurance Council. Its market share within the private sector was 9.8% in fiscal
2025. The total premium increased by 13.2% from Rs. 432.4 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 489.5 billion in fiscal 2025. Within product segments,
for fiscal 2025, there was an increase in the contribution of linked savings and retail protection to the business of our life insurance
subsidiary. The value of new business, which is a key profitability metric which measures the present value of future profits from the
new business written during the period, of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited was Rs. 23.7 billion in fiscal 2025
compared
to Rs. 22.3 billion in fiscal 2024. With an annualised premium equivalent of Rs. 104.1 billion, the value of new business margin the ratio
of value of new business to annualized premium equivalent— for the same period was 22.8%, compared to annualized premium equivalent
of Rs. 90.5 billion and value of new business margin of 24.6% in fiscal 2024. The lower margin was primarily on account of the shift in
the new business
profile. New business profile comprises the impact of differences in mix of
product

segments or distribution channel or customer profile product repricing, amongst others
. The
profit after tax of I
CICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited was Rs. 11.9 billion in fiscal 2025 as compared to Rs. 8.5
billion in fiscal 2024, a year-on-year growth of 39.6%.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks relating
to our insurance subsidiaries—Additional capital requirements of our insurance subsidiaries or our inability to monetize a part of our
shareholding in these entities may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs” and “Risk Factors—Risks
relating to our insurance subsidiaries—While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance
of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability” and “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Segment
Revenues and Assets—Life Insurance
”.

During fiscal 2025, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited was ranked as the second largest general insurance company in the country with a market share of 8.7% based on gross direct
premium as per the data published by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India. Our share ownership in ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company was 51.6% at March 31, 2025. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited earned a net profit of Rs. 25.1
billion in fiscal 2025 as compared to a net profit of Rs. 19.2 billion in fiscal 2024.

In May 2023, the Board of Directors of the Bank
approved acquisition of up to 4.0% of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's shareholding, to make it a subsidiary of the Bank,
subject to receipt of

69

Table of Contents

necessary regulatory approvals. The Bank received regulatory approval
and has issued letters of comfort in favour of IRDAI, on behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, wherein it has given
an undertaking to infuse capital, if required by ICICI Lombard in proportion to its shareholding in ICICI Lombard, to meet the minimum
regulatory solvency requirement. During fiscal 2024, through the stock exchange mechanism, the Bank acquired additional stake in ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in multiple tranches, resulting in an increase in shareholding to more than 50.0%. Consequently,
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company ceased to be an affiliate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective February 29, 2024.

The IRDAI issued regulations on registration of
corporate agents for the sale of insurance products. As per the regulations, a corporate agent can partner/tie-up with up to nine insurance
companies each in life, non-life and health insurance sectors for the distribution of insurance products. We have entered into an agreement
with our insurance subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and
operate as a corporate agent for these companies and distribute general insurance and selective life insurance products through our branches,
phone banking and digital channels and earn commissions from these subsidiaries.

Risk Management

As a financial intermediary, we are exposed to
risks that are particular to our lending, transaction banking and trading businesses and the environment within which we operate. Our
goal in risk management is to ensure that we understand, measure, monitor and manage the various risks that arise and that the organization
adheres to the policies and processes which are established to address these risks.

The risk management framework forms the basis
for developing consistent risk principles across the Bank and its overseas banking subsidiaries. The Board of Directors approves the Enterprise
Risk Management and Risk Appetite Framework and thresholds/limits structure under which various business lines operate. The key principles
underlying our risk management framework are as follows:

·   The Board of Directors has oversight of all the risks assumed by us.

·   Specific sub-committees of the Board have been constituted to facilitate focused oversight of various risks. For a discussion of these
and other committees, see “Management” .

·   Credit Committee: The responsibilities of the Credit Committee include review of accounts under watch, non-performing assets, incremental
sanctions, developments in key industrial sectors, major credit portfolios and approval of credit proposals as per the authorization approved
by the Board.

·   Audit Committee: The Audit Committee, among other things, provides direction to the audit function and monitors the quality of internal
and statutory audit. The responsibilities of the Audit Committee include examining the financial statements and auditors’ report
and overseeing the financial reporting process to ensure fairness, sufficiency and credibility of financial statements.

·   Information Technology Strategy Committee: The responsibilities of the Information Technology Strategy Committee are to approve information
technology strategy and policy documents, ensure alignment of information technology strategy with business strategy, review performance
with reference to information technology and information security key risk indicators including periodic review of such risk indicators,
ensure proper balance of information technology investments for sustaining the Bank's growth, oversee the aggregate funding of information
technology at the Bank level, ascertain if management has resources to ensure the proper management of information technology risks, review
contribution of information technology to business, oversee the activities of the Digital Council, review technology from a future readiness
perspective, oversee key projects progress and critical information technology systems

70

Table of Contents

performance including review of information technology capacity
requirements and adequacy and effectiveness of business continuity management and disaster recovery, review of special information technology
initiatives, review cyber risk, consider the Reserve Bank of India inspection reports/directives received from time to time by the Bank
in the areas of information technology and cyber security and review the compliance of various actionable items arising out of such reports/directives
as may be deemed necessary from time to time and review deployment of skilled resources within the technology and information security
function to ensure effective and efficient deliveries. The Digital Council is an internal forum to measure the Bank’s performance
against the digital adoption targets set by the Government of India’s Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology. Key digital
initiatives taken up by the Bank are discussed in this forum, along with measures to enhance performance.

·   Risk Committee: The responsibilities of the Risk Committee are to review the Bank's risk management policies pertaining
to credit, market, liquidity, operational, outsourcing, model risk management, framework for early warning signal and red flagging of
accounts, reputation risks, business continuity plan, disaster recovery plan and approve the Broker Empanelment Policy and any
amendments thereto. The Risk Committee is also responsible for setting limits on any industry or country; reviewing the
Enterprise Risk Management framework, Risk Appetite framework, stress testing framework, Internal Capital Adequacy
Assessment Process and framework for capital allocation; and reviewing of the status of compliance with the Basel framework,
risk dashboard covering various risks, outsourcing activities and the activities of the Asset Liability Management
Committee and the proceedings of the Group Risk Management Committee. The Committee also carries out cyber security risk assessment.

·   Policies approved from time to time by the Board of Directors form the governing framework for each type of risk. The business activities
are undertaken within this policy framework.

·   Independent groups and sub-groups have been constituted across our organization to facilitate independent evaluation, monitoring and
reporting of various risks. These groups function independent of the business groups/sub-groups.

We are primarily exposed to credit risk, market
risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, technology risk, compliance risk, cyber security risk and reputation risk. We have centralized
groups, the Risk Management Group, the Information Security Group, the Compliance Group, the Legal Group and the Internal Audit Group
with a mandate to identify, assess and monitor all of our principal risks in accordance with well-defined policies and procedures. In
addition, the Operations Group and Treasury Monitoring and Reporting Group monitor operational adherence to regulations, policies, terms
of limit approved and other internal approvals.

The Risk Management Group is further organized
into the Credit Risk Management Group, Market Risk Management Group (including the Treasury Monitoring and Reporting Group), Operational
Risk Management Group, Credit Monitoring Group, Model Validation Group, Technology Risk Group, Financial Crime Prevention Group and Incident
Monitoring & Resolution Group. The Risk Management Group is headed by the Chief Risk Officer, who reports to the Risk Committee of
the Board of Directors. The Information Security Group is tasked with overseeing risk related to information security across the Bank.
The Heads of the Compliance Group and the Internal Audit Group report to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The Risk Management
Group, Compliance Group and Internal Audit Group have administrative reporting to the Executive Director. The Operations Group and Information
Security Group report to the Executive Director. These groups are independent of the business units.

71

Table of Contents

Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss that may occur
from the failure of any party to abide by the terms and conditions of any contract, principally the failure to make required payments
of amounts due to us. In its lending operations, the Bank is principally exposed to credit risk.

Credit risk management is governed by the Credit
and Recovery Policy (“Credit Policy”) approved by the Board of Directors. The Credit Policy outlines the type of products
that can be offered, customer categories and sets forth the credit approval process, credit administration, credit limits and other relevant
matters.

The Bank measures, monitors and manages credit
risk at an individual borrower level and at the portfolio level for retail borrowers. The Bank has a structured and standardized credit
approval process, which includes a well-established procedure of credit appraisal.

The Bank has established a risk appetite and limit
structure, with respect to credit risk, and specifically concentration risk, which includes the following measures:

·   limits for group and borrower exposures based on rating and track record;

·   rating-based limits with respect to incremental asset origination in the corporate portfolio;

·   portfolio limit for buyout and securitization;

·   separate credit monitoring group for enhanced focus on monitoring of borrowers and to facilitate proactive action wherever required;
and

·   enhanced monitoring of retail product portfolios through periodic reviews and vintage curve analysis.

The Credit Committee of the Board reviews the
portfolio and large exposure groups. The Bank has a dedicated group, namely the Financial Crime Prevention Group, for overseeing and handling
the fraud prevention, detection, investigation, monitoring and awareness creation activities.

Credit Approval Authorities

The Board of Directors/Credit Committee has delegated
credit approval authority to various committees, forums and individual officers under the credit approval authorization policy. The credit
approval authorization policy is based on the level of risk and the quantum of exposure and is designed to ensure that transactions with
higher exposure and higher levels of risk are sent to a correspondingly higher forum/committee for approval.

The Bank has established several levels of credit
approval authorities for its corporate banking activities - the Credit Committee, the Committee of Executive Directors, the Committee
of Senior Management, the Committee of Executives, and the Corporate Lending Forum. For certain exposures under programs, approval under
a joint authorization framework has been established.

Retail credit facilities must comply with approved
product policies. All products policies are approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The individual credit proposals are evaluated
and approved by individual officers/forums on the basis of the product policies.

Credit Risk Assessment Methodology for Standalone Entities

All credit proposals other than retail products,
program lending, score card-based lending to business banking borrowers and agricultural businesses and certain other specified products
are rated internally by the Credit Risk Management Group, prior to approval by the appropriate forum.

72

Table of Contents

The Credit Risk Management Group rates proposals,
carries out industry analysis (through a centralized industry team), tracks the quality of the credit portfolio with regular rating reviews
and reports periodically to the Credit Committee and the Risk Committee. The Bank also has a credit monitoring group, which monitors individual
accounts jointly with the business and Risk Management Group on a regular basis including stock statements, bank statements and stock
audit reports. For non-retail exposures, the Loan Service Operations Group verifies adherence to the terms of the approval prior to the
commitment and disbursement of credit facilities. The Bank also manages credit risk through various limit structures, which are in line
with the Reserve Bank of India’s prudential guidelines. The Bank has set up various exposure limits, including the single borrower
exposure limit, the group borrower exposure limit, the industry exposure limit, the unsecured exposure limit, and limits on exposure to
sensitive sectors such as capital markets, non-banking finance companies and real estate. Based on rating and tracking of the borrower
and group, limits on incremental exposures have also been put in place. Limits on countries and bank counterparties have also been stipulated.

The Bank has an established credit analysis procedure
leading to appropriate identification of credit risk both at the individual borrower and the portfolio level. Appropriate appraisal and
credit rating methodologies have been established for various types of products and businesses. The methodology involves assessment of
quantitative and qualitative parameters. For example, for any large corporate borrower, the rating methodology entails a comprehensive
evaluation of the industry, borrower’s business position in the industry (benchmarking), financial position and projections, quality
of management, impact of projects being undertaken by the borrower and structure of the transaction.

After conducting an analysis of a specific borrower’s
risk, the Credit Risk Management Group assigns a credit rating to the borrower. We have a scale of 12 ratings ranging from AAA to B. A
borrower’s credit rating is a vital input for the credit approval process. The borrower’s credit rating and the default pattern
corresponding to that credit rating, form an important input in the risk-based pricing framework of the Bank. Every proposal for a financing
facility is prepared by the relevant business unit and reviewed by the Credit Risk Management Group before being submitted for approval
to the appropriate approval authority other than retail products, program lending, score card-based lending to business banking borrowers
and agri-businesses and certain other specified products. The approval process for non-fund facilities is similar to that for fund-based
facilities.

On our current rating scale, ratings of below
BBB- (i.e., BB and B ratings) are considered to be relatively high-risk categories. Our current credit policy does not expressly provide
a minimum rating required for a borrower to be considered for a loan. All corporate loan proposals for fresh/incremental exposure with
an internal rating of BB and B are sent to our Credit Committee for its approval. For corporates internally rated BBB-, fresh/incremental
exposure up to a certain level is approved by the Committee of Senior Management. See also “
Consolidated financial Statements—Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional Notes—Note 7—Credit quality indicators of loans
”.

The appraisal process involves an in-depth study
of the industry, financial, commercial, technical and managerial aspects of the borrower. An assessment of the financial requirements
of the client is made in order to arrive at the amount of credit to be considered by the Bank. Each credit proposal is thereafter prepared
in an appropriate appraisal format and placed before the approving authority as prescribed by the Board of Directors/ Credit Committee
from time to time.

The following sections detail the risk assessment
process for various business segments:

Assessment of Project Finance Exposures

The Bank carries out an evaluation of technical
and financial viability of the project and the sponsor’s financial strength. This analysis helps the Bank identify, allocate and
mitigate risks in project financing.

73

Table of Contents

Assessment of Corporate Finance Exposures (Term loans/fixed
maturity loans)

As part of the corporate loan approval procedures,
the Bank carries out a detailed analysis of funding requirements, including normal capital expenses, long-term working capital requirements,
and acquisition finance. The Bank’s funding of long-term requirements is assessed on the basis of detailed review of the underlying
transaction and an analysis of cash flows.

Our analysis enables us to identify risks in these
transactions. To mitigate risks, we use various credit enhancement techniques, such as collateralization, cash collateralization, creation
of escrow accounts and debt service reserves. Rating review of these exposures is done based on asset quality review framework of the
Bank. The Credit Monitoring Group jointly monitors these exposures along with the business and Risk Management Group.

Corporate finance loans can be secured by fixed
assets (which normally consists of property, plant and equipment), pledge of financial assets (such as marketable securities or at times
non-marketable securities) and we may obtain contractual credit enhancements such as corporate guarantees or personal guarantees from
the sponsors wherever appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to sponsors’ shareholding
in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding.

Unsecured corporate finance loans can be extended
based on creditworthiness of the applicant and nature of products offered typically to applicants, who have unsecured loans from other
lenders. Unsecured incremental sanctions for corporates are extended largely to high rated borrowers and well-established corporate groups
only. The Bank has Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) and Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”), which stipulates a limit on unsecured non-retail
exposures to overall non-retail exposures; and the same is being monitored and reviewed on a quarterly basis.

With respect to financing of cross-border corporate
mergers and acquisitions, we carry out detailed due diligence on the acquirer as well as the target’s business profile.

We emphasize environmental and social risk assessment
for new project financing proposals subject to internally defined criteria. These proposals are reviewed under a social and environmental
management framework that integrates analysis of the environmental and social risk assessment into the overall credit appraisal process.
We are also in the process of incorporating environmental, social and governance and climate risk aspects as part of the credit evaluation
process. Borrower-level environmental, social and governance scores from external agencies are considered, when available, during the
evaluation of a proposal. We have developed sector-specific environmental, social and governance checklists for borrower-level evaluation
for exposures exceeding a certain threshold. The Bank has also developed a Framework for Sustainable Financing, which provides guidance
on eligibility criteria for Sustainable/Sustainability Linked Lending, guidance on assessment of facilities, monitoring & reporting
of such facilities. The Bank carries out an impact assessment of climate change on the critical infrastructure resources that support
the Bank’s operations. Further, the Bank considers stress testing for climate risk as part of scenario-based stress testing under
annual ICAAP. This stress testing incorporates the impact of physical risk as well as transition risk on the top counterparties of wholesale
banking portfolios.

Assessment of Working Capital Finance Exposures

We carry out a detailed analysis of borrowers’
working capital requirements. Once credit limits are approved, we may calculate the amounts that can be lent on the basis of review of
monthly stock statements provided by the borrower and the margins stipulated. Credit limits are reviewed on a periodic basis.

Working capital facilities are generally secured
by inventories, receivables and other current assets. Additionally, in certain cases, we obtain contractual credit enhancements such as
personal guarantees or corporate guarantees from sponsors, or subordinated security interests in the tangible assets of the borrower including
plant and machinery.

74

Table of Contents

Assessment of Retail Loans

The origination and approval of retail credit
exposures are segregated to ensure independence.

The Process Management Group within the Credit
and Process Management Group is responsible for drafting credit policies and notes outlining the norms for offering retail assets. The
Credit Risk Management Group oversees the credit risk issues for retail assets including formulation of the policy norms and review of
all credit policies and operating policies proposed for approval by the Board or forums authorized by the Board. These groups are also
involved in portfolio monitoring of all retail assets and in suggesting and implementing policy amendments. The Data Science and Analytics
Group is responsible for devising customer-segment specific strategies, portfolio tracking and monitoring, analytics, model and score
card development and database management. The credit team is independent from the business unit and is organized geographically to support
the retail sales and service structure.

The Bank’s credit officers evaluate credit
proposals on the basis of operating policies approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The criteria vary across product segments
but typically include factors such as the borrower’s income, leverage, the loan-to-value ratio and demographic parameters. External
agencies such as field investigation agencies facilitate a comprehensive due diligence process including visits to offices and homes of
borrowers whenever required by the applicable policy. The Bank also draws upon a centralized database on delinquent loans and reports
from the credit bureaus to review the borrower’s profile. Except for personal loans and credit cards, the Bank generally requires
a contribution from the borrower and its loans are secured by the asset financed. For mortgage loans and used vehicle loans, a valuation
agency or an in-house technical team carries out the valuations. For certain products, the Bank has implemented a credit-scoring, which
forms one of the criteria for loan evaluation.

Unsecured loans in retail are primarily comprised of personal
loans and credit cards. These portfolios have been built with our core principles of return of capital and through ecosystem led offerings,
targeting known and assessable quality customers, decongesting existing processes, all with a customer-centric approach. The enterprise
risk management framework stipulates limits on overall retail unsecured exposure as well as on personal loans and credit cards. Thresholds on unsecured retail advances have been stipulated. The portfolio default risk is also monitored based on proportion of incremental
originations of unsecured loans to borrowers with higher bureau score. The bureau score distribution of incremental sourcing as well as
for the overall portfolio is reviewed and reported to the Risk Committee, on a quarterly basis. Approval authorization is also
risk based, taking into consideration credit bureau score and product.

As part of digital credit lending, the Bank offers
retail asset products to bank customers through digital channels. As part of its strategy, the Bank uses multiple credit filters to segment
customers and to mitigate risk. The portfolio build-up strategy is based on utilizing the pre-filtered customer database for origination
of key retail asset products wherein major incremental origination is from existing liability customer relationships.

The Bank undertakes portfolio buyouts of various
retail assets products. The portfolio is selected by applying selection filters like tenure, size, loan to value ratio and location, and
meeting regulatory requirements with regard to minimum holding period and minimum retention requirement by the seller. The buyouts are
in the form of direct assignment or by way of investment in securitization notes.

The Bank has established centralized operations
to manage operational risk in the back-office processes of its retail assets business and also has decentralized operations to improve
turnaround time for customers. A separate team under the Credit and Process Management Group undertakes review and audits of credit quality
and processes across different products. The Bank has a debt services management group to manage debt recovery. The group operates under
the guidelines of a standardized recovery process.

75

Table of Contents

Assessment Procedures for Borrowers under Business Banking

The Bank caters to financing needs of micro, small
and medium enterprises (“MSMEs”), which include individual entities and financing dealers and vendors of companies.

MSME credit also includes financing extended directly
to small enterprises as well as lending based on parameterized product-based credit facilities, which involves a cluster-based approach
wherein a lending program is implemented for a homogenous group of individuals/business entities, which comply with certain parameterized
norms. Further, programs can also be made for diverse group of individuals/business entities/ industries having common target market norms
and go-no-go parameters as approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The risk assessment of such a cluster involves the identification
of appropriate credit norms for the target market, the use of scoring models for enterprises that satisfy these norms and a comprehensive
appraisal of those enterprises, which are awarded a minimum required score in the scoring model.

The Bank has various programs for lending to business
banking customers, based on various financial and non-financial parameters and target market norms. The program criteria are approved
by the Committee of Executive Directors and individual credit proposals are assessed by the credit team based on these approved criteria.
Further, exposure of up to Rs 30.0 million can be sanctioned in the digital platform provided they meet the credit and collateral norms
prescribed by the program.

For larger ticket size loans, in-house developed
statistical scoring model is being used to assess a majority of cases in the small and medium enterprise and mid-corporate segment. The
underwriting process integrates various digital tools like bank statement analyzer, automatic fetching of bureau reports and enhanced
business rule engine to generate probability of default scores for score-based analysis. A detailed appraisal is performed based on the
financial and non-financial parameters (including information on GST / information from account aggregators) to assess the creditworthiness
of the enterprise in all the cases.

The Bank also finances dealers and vendors linked
to large and medium entities by implementing structures to enhance the base credit quality of the vendor or dealer. The process involves
an analysis of the base credit quality of the vendor or dealer and an analysis of the linkages that exist between the vendor or dealer
and the anchor corporate entity. The approval of limits to dealers and vendors takes place manually as well as digitally.

Assessment Procedures for Rural and Agricultural Loans

The rural and agricultural portfolio consists
of loans to individuals and non-individuals engaged in agriculture and related activities. These loans are extended to meet crop production
and maintenance, consumption, asset purchase and income generating requirements of borrowers.

The sales and credit decision-making functions
are segregated. The Process Management Group within the Credit and Process Management Group is responsible for drafting credit policies
and operating notes. The Credit Risk Management Group oversees the credit risk issues for rural and agricultural loans including the ownership
and review of all credit policies and operating policies proposed for approval by the Board or forums authorized by the Board. These groups
are also involved in portfolio monitoring of all rural assets and in suggesting and implementing policy amendments. The Data Science and
Analytics Group is responsible for devising customer-segment specific strategies, portfolio tracking and monitoring, analytics, model
and score card development and database management. The credit team is independent from the business unit and is organized geographically
to support the sales and service structure.

For loans against gold ornaments and gold coins,
the credit norms focus on establishing authenticity (purity and weight) of the underlying jewellery with the help of Bank appointed external
appraisers. Norms with respect to loan-to-value ratio have been laid down in accordance with regulatory guidelines.

76

Table of Contents

For loans against pledge of agricultural commodities,
the credit norms focus on the quality, quantity and price volatility of the underlying commodity. A dedicated group evaluates, directly
or through the agencies appointed by it at the time of funding and undertakes periodic post disbursements checks. Norms with respect to
price monitoring and loan-to-value ratio have been laid down.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Our Business—Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may
adversely affect our business
”.

Risk Monitoring and Portfolio Review

We monitor credit facilities through a risk-based
asset review framework under which the frequency of asset review is higher for cases with higher exposure balances and/or lower credit
ratings. For corporate and business banking, the Asset and Liabilities Operations Group – Lending Services Operations Group (ALOG-LSOG)
verifies adherence to the terms of the credit approval prior to disbursement/limit set up.

The Credit Monitoring Group jointly with the business
and Risk Management Group monitors corporate and business banking borrower accounts to identify triggers on the basis of account conduct
and behavior. These triggers are highlighted to risk and business teams and are included in the appraisal and portfolio review process,
which helps to take timely action on the exposures.

An analysis of our portfolio composition based
on internal ratings is carried out and submitted to the Risk Committee on a quarterly basis as part of the risk dashboard. This facilitates
the identification and analysis of trends in the portfolio credit risk.

The Credit Committee of the Bank, apart from approving
proposals, regularly reviews the credit quality of the portfolio and various sub-portfolios. A summary of the reviews carried out by the
Credit Committee is submitted to the Board for its information.

The Bank’s Enterprise Risk Management framework
defines benchmark vintage curves as delinquency triggers for key retail products. Actual delinquencies for these products are monitored
against these benchmark vintage curves, to enable analysis and directed collection strategies as well as review of origination norms,
where required. As part of the Enterprise Risk Management framework, a threshold on incremental origination for customers with low bureau
score has also been stipulated for retail portfolio.

Market Risk

Market risk is the possibility of loss arising
from changes in the value of a financial instrument as a result of changes in market variables such as interest rates, exchange rates,
credit spreads and other asset prices. Our exposure to market risk is a function of our trading and asset-liability management activities
and our role as a financial intermediary in customer-related transactions. These risks are mitigated by the limits stipulated in the Investment
Policy (which includes the Derivatives Policy) and Asset Liability Management Policy, which are approved and reviewed by the Board of
Directors.

Market Risk Management Procedures

The Asset Liability Management Policy stipulates
liquidity and interest rate risk limits at an aggregate level and the Asset Liability Management Committee reviews adherence to limits
and determines the strategy in light of the current and expected environment. The Investment Policy addresses issues related to investments
in various treasury products and includes the Derivatives Policy which is formulated in line with the comprehensive guidelines issued
by Reserve Bank of India on derivatives for banks. The policies are designed to ensure that operations in the securities and foreign exchange
and derivatives areas are conducted in accordance with sound and acceptable business practices and current regulatory guidelines, laws
governing transactions in financial securities and the financial environment. The policies contain the limit structures that govern transactions
in financial instruments. The Board has authorized the Risk Committee,

77

Table of Contents

Asset Liability Management Committee and Committee of Executive Directors
(Borrowing, Treasury and Investment Operations) to grant certain approvals related to treasury activities, within the broad parameters
laid down by policies approved by the Board.

The Asset Liability Management Committee, comprising
the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, wholetime directors and senior executives, meets periodically and reviews the positions
of trading groups, interest rate and liquidity gap positions, sets deposit and benchmark lending rates, reviews the pricing methodologies
for various categories of advances, reviews the valuation methodologies for various treasury products, the business profile and its impact
on asset liability management and determines the asset liability management strategy, as deemed fit, taking into consideration the current
and expected business environment. The Asset Liability Management Policy provides guidelines to manage liquidity risk and interest rate
risk in the banking book.

The Market Risk Management Group is responsible
for the identification, assessment and measurement of market risk. Risk limits including position limits and stop loss limits are reported
on a daily basis by the Treasury Monitoring and Reporting Group and reviewed periodically. Foreign exchange risk is monitored through
the net overnight open foreign exchange limit. Interest rate risk in the banking book is measured through the use of re-pricing gap/duration
analysis. Interest rate risk is further monitored through interest rate risk limits approved by the Board of Directors.

Interest Rate Risk

Our core business is deposit taking, borrowing
and lending in both Indian rupees and foreign currencies as permitted by the Reserve Bank of India. These activities expose us to interest
rate risk.

Our balance sheet consists of Indian rupee and
foreign currency assets and liabilities, with a predominantly higher proportion of rupee-denominated assets and liabilities. Thus, movements
in Indian interest rates are our main source of interest rate risk.

Interest rate risk is measured through earnings
at risk from an earnings perspective and through duration of equity from an economic value perspective. Further, exposure to fluctuations
in interest rates is also measured by way of gap analysis, providing a static view of the maturity and re-pricing characteristics of balance
sheet positions. We monitor interest rate risk through the above measures on a fortnightly basis. The duration gap analysis and interest
rate sensitivity gap statements for the standalone Bank are submitted to the Reserve Bank of India on a monthly basis. Additionally, the
interest rate gap statements for overseas branches are submitted to the host regulator based on applicable guidelines. We also monitor
sensitivities of our interest rate options portfolio.

The Bank’s primary source of funding is
deposits and, to a smaller extent, borrowings. In the rupee market, most of our deposit taking is at fixed rates of interest. We accept
deposits for fixed periods, except for savings account deposits and current account deposits, which do not have any specified maturity
and can be withdrawn on demand. Current account deposits in the domestic operations are non-interest bearing. Our borrowings are usually
for a fixed period, with certain borrowings qualifying as capital instruments having European call options attached to them, exercisable
by us only on specified dates, subject to regulatory approvals. On the asset side, we have a mix of floating and fixed interest rate assets.
Our term loans are generally repaid gradually, with principal repayments being made over the life of the loan.

Pursuant to regulatory reserve requirements, we
maintain a large part of our assets in government of India securities and in interest-free balances with the Reserve Bank of India, which
are funded mainly by deposits and borrowings. This exposes us to the risk of differential movement in the yield earned on statutory reserves
and the related funding cost.

Almost all the long tenor foreign currency loans
in the overseas branches of the Bank are floating rate loans. These loans are generally funded with foreign currency borrowings and deposits
in our overseas

78

Table of Contents

branches. We generally convert the long tenor foreign currency borrowings
into floating rate dollar liabilities through the use of interest rate and currency swaps with leading international banks. Our overseas
subsidiaries in the U.K. and Canada have fixed rate retail term deposits and fixed/floating rate wholesale borrowings as their funding
sources, with the U.K. subsidiary additionally having floating rate savings deposits and non-interest-bearing current deposits. They also
have fixed and floating rate assets. Interest rate risk is generally managed by increasing/decreasing the duration of investments and
government securities portfolio and/or by entering into interest rate derivatives whenever required. We are an active participant in the
interest rate swap market and are one of the largest swap counterparties in India.

For a discussion of our vulnerability to interest
rate risk, see
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable
to interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio,
our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance”
 and
“Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—Our inability to effectively manage credit, market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models
and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds”.

Equity Risk

We assume equity risk both as part of our investment
book and our trading book. At year-end fiscal 2025, we had a total equity investment portfolio (excluding investment in affiliates) of
Rs. 283.7 billion, primarily comprising Rs. 63.4 billion of investments by the Bank and Rs. 208.9 billion of investments by our insurance
subsidiary. The Bank also acquires equity investments from loan conversion and also investment in unlisted equity which are long-term
in nature. We also invest in alternate investment funds/venture capital funds, primarily those managed by our subsidiary ICICI Venture.
These funds primarily invest in equity and equity linked and non-convertible instruments. Our investments in these funds are similar in
nature to our other equity investments and are subject to the same risks. In addition, they are subject to risks in the form of changes
in regulation and taxation policies applicable to such equity funds. ICICI Securities and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership also have
a small portfolio of equity derivatives. For further information on our trading and available-for-sale investments, see
“—Overview
of Our Products and Services—Investment Banking—Treasury”
.

The risk in the equity portfolio of the proprietary
trading group, which manages the equity trading book of the Bank, is controlled through position limits, value-at-risk and stop loss limits,
as stipulated in the Investment Policy. The portfolio includes investments in listed equities, equity mutual funds and infrastructure
and real estate investment trusts, as well as application money paid for new offerings of such investments. Value-at-risk measures the
statistical risk of loss from a trading position, given a specified confidence level and a defined time horizon, see
“—Selected
Statistical Information”.

Exchange Rate Risk

We offer instruments like foreign exchange forwards,
options, swaps and combinations thereof to clients, which are primarily banks and corporate customers. We use cross-currency swaps, forwards,
and options to hedge against risks arising out of these transactions and for foreign currency loans that are originated in currencies
different from the currencies of the borrowings supporting them. Some of these transactions may not meet the hedge accounting requirements
and are subject to mark-to-market accounting. Trading activities in the foreign currency markets expose us to exchange rate risks. This
risk is mitigated by setting counterparty limits, stipulating foreign exchange overnight and intra-day position limits, greek limits for
options, daily/quarterly/yearly cumulative stop-loss limits and engaging in exception reporting.

Derivative Instruments Risk

The Bank offers various derivative products, including
forwards, options, swaps and combinations thereof in foreign exchange and interest rates to clients for their risk management purposes.
Profits or losses on

79

Table of Contents

account of market movements on these transactions are borne by the
clients. For transactions that are not covered fully or partially in the interbank market, the Bank runs open positions within the limits
prescribed in its Investment Policy. The derivative transactions are subject to counterparty risk to the extent particular obligors are
unable to make payment on contracts when due.

In view of the margin rules for non-centrally
cleared derivative transactions issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India and
guidelines issued by overseas regulators, certain derivative transactions are subject to margining and collateral exchange in accordance
with a Credit Support Annex. Reserve Bank of India has permitted the Bank to post and collect margin for permitted derivative contracts
with covered entities. The Bank has also implemented the International Swaps and Derivatives Association’s prescribed Standardized
Initial Margin Model for estimating the initial margin requirements for some of the non-centrally cleared derivatives. The Bank settles
certain derivatives transactions through qualified central counterparties such as Clearing Corporation of India Limited and London Clearing
House Limited and posts collateral in line with the margin regulations stipulated by qualified central counterparties.

The Bank also enters into interest rate and currency
derivative transactions for the purpose of hedging interest rate and foreign exchange risk and also engages in trading of derivative instruments
on its own account.

Credit Spread Risk

Credit spread risk arises out of investments in
fixed income securities. Hence, volatility in the level of credit spreads would impact the value of these portfolios held by the Bank.
We closely monitor our portfolio, and risk is monitored by setting credit spread for 1 bps (CS01) limits, investment limits, rating-wise
limits, single issuer limits, maturity limits and stipulating daily and cumulative stop-loss limits.

Liquidity Risk

The Bank manages liquidity risk in accordance
with our Asset Liability Management Policy. This policy is based on applicable regulatory guidelines and is approved by the Board of Directors.
The Asset Liability Management Committee of the Bank formulates and reviews strategies and provides guidance for management of liquidity
risk within the framework laid out in the Asset Liability Management Policy. The Risk Committee of the Board has oversight of the Asset
Liability Management Committee.

The Bank uses various tools for the measurement
of liquidity risk including the statement of structural liquidity, dynamic liquidity cash flow statements, liquidity ratios and stress
testing through scenario analysis. The statement of structural liquidity is used as a standard tool for measuring and managing net funding
requirements and the assessment of a surplus or shortfall of funds in various maturity buckets in the future. The cumulative utilization
against gap limits laid down for each bucket is reviewed by the Bank’s Asset Liability Management Committee.

We also periodically present to the Asset Liability
Management Committee the dynamic liquidity cash flow statements, which in addition to scheduled cash flows, considers the liquidity requirements
pertaining to incremental business and the funding thereof. As a part of the stock and flow approach, we monitor various liquidity ratios,
and limits as laid down for these ratios in the Asset Liability Management Policy.

The sources of liquidity, levels of liquid assets,
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”), Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) are set out in “
Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects—Market Risk—Liquidity Risk
”.

We have a Board approved liquidity stress-testing
framework, under which we estimate the Bank’s liquidity position under a range of stress scenarios, and consider possible measures
we could take to mitigate the outflows under each scenario. During fiscal 2024, the results of each of the stress scenarios were within
the Board-approved limits.

80

Table of Contents

The Risk Committee of the Board has approved a
liquidity contingency plan, which lays down a framework for ongoing monitoring of potential liquidity contingencies and an action plan
to meet such contingencies. The liquidity contingency plan lays down several liquidity indicators, which are monitored on a pre-defined
(daily or weekly) basis and also defines the protocol and responsibilities of various teams in the event of a liquidity contingency.

Similar frameworks to manage liquidity risk have
been established at each of the overseas banking subsidiaries of the Bank, addressing the risks they run as well as incorporating host
country regulatory requirements, as applicable.

Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom has access
to diverse sources of liquidity to allow for flexibility in meeting its funding requirements. In line with local regulatory requirements,
ICICI Bank UK has an Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process document, which is approved by its Board of Directors. The Internal
Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process outlines the stress testing framework and liquidity and funding risk limits. These limits are monitored
by Asset Liability Management Committee of ICICI Bank UK, at least on monthly basis. ICICI Bank UK has complied with these requirements
throughout fiscal 2025. It maintained a liquidity coverage ratio above the stipulated level of 100.0% during fiscal 2025 and complied
with Pillar 2 liquidity requirements, as stipulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority.

In Canada, the liquidity coverage ratio guidelines
from the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions expect banks to ensure that the value of the liquidity coverage ratio
be no lower than 100.0%, in the absence of financial stress. At March 31, 2025, ICICI Bank Canada maintained a liquidity coverage ratio
above the regulatory minimum of 100.0%. The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions expects each Canadian bank to have
an internal liquidity policy articulating and defining the role of liquid assets within the bank’s overall liquidity management
system and establishing minimum targets for liquid asset holdings. ICICI Bank Canada has a Liquidity Management Policy and Market Risk
Management Policy, which are approved by its Board of Directors. These limits are monitored by the Asset Liability Management Committee
of ICICI Bank Canada, at least on monthly basis. ICICI Bank Canada has complied with these guidelines throughout fiscal 2025.

In addition, Net Cumulative Cash Flow information
is shared with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions on a monthly basis, consisting of details of maturity, pattern of
assets and liabilities and net cash flows.

See also “
Operating and Financial Review
and Prospects—Market Risk—Liquidity Risk
”.

Operational Risk

Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting
from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. Operational risk includes legal risk but excludes
strategic and reputational risks. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to fines, penalties or punitive damages resulting
from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements.

The management of operational risk is governed
by the Operational Risk Management Policy approved by the Board of Directors. The Policy is applicable across the Bank including overseas
branches, ensuring a clear accountability and responsibility for management and mitigation of operational risk, developing a common understanding
of operational risk and assisting the business and operation groups to improve internal controls. The Board has constituted an Operational
Risk Management Committee for reviewing risks associated with the various business activities of the Bank. The Operational Risk Management
Committee reviews the risk profile of various key functions, the tools used for management of operational risk and implementation of the
operational risk management policies as approved by the Board. The Board has also approved a framework for approval of products and processes,
which requires the products and processes pertaining to products/product variants to be assessed from an operational risk perspective.

81

Table of Contents

The key elements in the operational risk management
process in the Bank are risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and risk mitigation.

The Bank seeks to mitigate operational risk by
maintaining a comprehensive system of internal controls, establishing systems and procedures to monitor transactions, maintaining key
back-up procedures and undertaking regular contingency planning.

Considering the increasing importance of operational
risk, we are strengthening our operational risk framework through identification of material processes, institutionalizing the process
of in-depth analysis of operational risk incidents and creating a feedback loop of learnings to improve the processes.

Operational controls and procedures at the Bank
are summarized below.

Operational Controls and Procedures in Retail Banking

The Bank has well-defined products, sales, credit
and operations structures for customer sales, evaluation, servicing and monitoring. The Bank offers retail and transaction banking products
to customers through various channels such as branches, phone banking, digital/online, business correspondents, and empaneled service
providers. Banking transactions relating to customer accounts are processed based on built-in system checks and authorization procedures
and transactions are also subjected to enhanced due-diligence based on certain criteria. The Bank has designated centralized and regional
processing centers located at various cities across the country as well as contact centers in multiple cities for extending banking services
to customers through phone banking.

Operational Controls and Procedures for Wholesale and
Transaction Banking

The credit risk of the Wholesale banking business
is independently evaluated by the credit risk management group. The legal group reviews, the security structure and documentation aspects
and the operations group conducts verification and scrutiny of the loan documents vis-à-vis terms of limit approved, monitoring
important covenants of the terms of limit approved, monitoring creation of the security interest and other important aspects for the facility
extended by the Bank.

Operational Controls and Procedures in Treasury

The Bank has internal controls with respect to
its treasury operations, which include the segregation of duties between the treasury front-office and treasury and securities services
groups, certain control procedures, monitoring procedures through detailed reporting statements, and a well-defined code of conduct for
dealers. The Bank has also set up limits in respect of treasury operations including deal size limits, product investment limits and market
risk limits. In order to mitigate the potential risk of mis-selling, a customer suitability and appropriateness policy has been implemented.
Similarly, in order to mitigate potential contractual risks, over-the-counter deal execution-related conversations are recorded. Some
of the control measures include independence of deal validation, deal confirmation, documentation, limits monitoring, treasury accounting,
settlement, reconciliation and regulatory compliance. Further, there is monitoring for unconfirmed, unsettled deals if any, delay in settlement
or confirmation, and other potential issues.

Operational Controls and Procedures for Information Technology

The Bank has a governance framework for information
technology and security with oversight by the Information Technology Strategy Committee, which is a Board-level committee chaired by an
independent director. The security strategy at the Bank is based on the principle of defense in depth and the information technology risk
framework of the Bank enunciates three lines of defense with clearly defined roles and responsibilities. The Bank has dedicated units
responsible for information security
,
information technology

82

Table of Contents

risk management and financial crime prevention, which are independent
of the business units. In striving to provide high availability and continuity of services to its customers, including high availability
of customer-facing information technology systems, the Bank has a Business Continuity Management and Disaster Recovery Policy for timely
recovery of its information technology systems in the event of any disaster or contingency.

To monitor its systems, the Bank has an information
technology Command Center (which includes Network Operation Center). This is supported by the resilience in the design and redundancy
at every layer in the Bank’s information technology infrastructure (servers, storage and network). The Bank has processes for change
management, identity management, access management and security operations, and these processes are periodically reviewed and refined
to keep them abreast of emerging risks and to implement commensurate controls to mitigate such risks. The Bank has a fully equipped disaster
recovery setup in place at remote location(s), which is subject to periodic disaster recovery drills. Further, stringent gating controls
are followed when introducing new applications.

The Bank continuously reviews and takes measures
to enhance its information technology resilience in terms of application architecture, network and infrastructure.

Third Party Risk

The Board has approved Outsourcing Policies (Business
and Information Technology) to oversee the governance around outsourcing activities. Based on these Policies, the Board and senior management
are responsible for outsourcing operations and for managing risks inherent in such outsourcing activities. The Board has constituted an
Outsourcing Committee, which approves new outsourcing activities, undertakes periodic reviews and implementation of the Outsourcing Policies,
and performs other functions in support of the Outsourcing Policies.

Information Technology Risk

Information Technology risk refers to potential
negative outcomes that may arise from the use of information technology systems and processes. Information technology risk includes the
risk of business disruption and the risk of data breach.

The management of information technology risk
is governed by the information technology risk management policy which is an annexure to the Board-approved operational risk management
policy. The information technology risk management policy is applicable across the Bank including the overseas branches, ensuring a clear
accountability and responsibility for the management and mitigation of information technology risk, developing a common understanding
of the key information technology processes and facilitating the information technology group to improve internal controls in information
technology operations. The Board has constituted an Information Technology Strategy Committee for reviewing risks associated with the
various technology solutions of the Bank.

The key elements in the information technology
risk management process are developing policies and frameworks in various areas of information technology operations for risk identification
and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and risk mitigation.

See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Technology—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues
and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information,
adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure”
.

83

Table of Contents

Anti-Money Laundering Controls

The Bank has implemented Know Your Customer/ Anti-Money
Laundering/ Combating of Financing of Terrorism controls in accordance with the provisions under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act,
2002, rules promulgated thereunder and directions issued by the regulators from time to time.

Implementation of these controls includes the
formulation of a Group Know Your Customer, Anti-Money Laundering and Combatting Financing of Terrorism policy that establishes the standards
of Anti-Money Laundering/Combating of Financing of Terrorism compliance and is applicable to all activities of the Bank including its
Strategic Business Units in India, overseas branches and banking & non-banking subsidiaries; oversight by the Audit Committee on the
implementation of the Anti-Money Laundering framework; appointment of a wholetime director to ensure overall compliance with the obligation
under PMLA; appointment of a senior level officer as the Principal Officer who has the responsibility of monitoring day-to-day implementation
of the Anti-Money Laundering framework; implementation of adequate Know Your Customer procedures, which includes the screening of customer
names with sanctions lists and other negative lists issued by the regulators, as applicable, and customer risk categorization to classify
the customers as high, medium or low risk; risk-based transaction monitoring and regulatory reporting procedures through automated applications;
implementation of appropriate mechanisms to train employees’ and create customer awareness of the Know Your Customer, Anti-Money
Laundering and Combatting Financing of Terrorism policy. With an objective to identify, assess and understand the money laundering and
terrorist financing risks faced and adopt effective risk mitigation measures following the risk based approach, the Bank has formulated
a Money Laundering/Terrorists Financing Risk Assessment Framework.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks that
arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial
sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Our Business—Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results and the prices
of our equity shares and ADSs.” See also “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings.” See also “Supervision and Regulation—Regulations
Relating to Know Your Customer and Anti-Money Laundering.”

Cyber Security

Risk Management and Strategy

The Bank is exposed to a broad range of cybersecurity
risks that have become increasingly complex, persistent and sophisticated. These include threats such as denial-of-service attacks, hacking,
malware intrusions, ransomware, data corruption, identity theft and social engineering attacks—some of which specifically target
our employees, customers, and third-party vendors. Such incidents may result in the unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification,
or destruction of confidential information, disruption of our operations, and could have a materially adverse effect on our business operations,
financial results, legal standing, and reputation.

Our business operations are critically dependent
on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential and proprietary information across our technology infrastructure,
which includes our internal data centers and the systems of various third-party service providers. Customers access our services through
multiple channels, including personal computers, mobile devices and other endpoints that lie outside our managed environment and are inherently
vulnerable to external cybersecurity threats. As a result, both our infrastructure and customer interfaces are exposed to evolving threats,
including cyber-attacks by criminal syndicates, state-sponsored entities, insider threats, and other malicious actors.

We continue to witness heightened
cybersecurity risks, driven by rapid digitalization, proliferation of emerging technologies and the increasing use of digital
channels for conducting financial transactions. Our cyber-risk landscape is further complicated by technological advancements such
as AI and quantum computing. While AI can be leveraged to enhance data processing, customer service, and operational

84

Table of Contents

efficiency, it can also be used by adversaries to identify system vulnerabilities
more rapidly and launch adaptive, real-time attacks that evade conventional detection mechanisms. Quantum computing, once commercially
viable, could potentially compromise existing encryption protocols, posing a significant threat to data confidentiality.

Cybersecurity risks are further exacerbated by
our reliance on third parties, including service providers, vendors, and financial market infrastructure. A technology failure, cyber
incident, or breach at any of these third parties could adversely affect our ability to conduct business, manage risk exposures, or meet
regulatory obligations. In addition, increased sectoral interconnectedness and consolidation amplify systemic risks, as a compromise at
one institution may have cascading effects across financial ecosystems.

The Bank has established a comprehensive cybersecurity
framework designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information assets. This includes:

·   A layered “defence-in-depth” strategy encompassing perimeter and endpoint security, application and data security, network
segmentation, and privileged access controls.

·   Continuous monitoring and threat detection by our 24x7 Security Operations Centre (“SOC”).

·   Deployment of Data Loss Prevention (“DLP”) systems to protect sensitive data across endpoints, web gateways, and email
infrastructure.

·   Implementation of a robust cyber-incident response plan covering preparation, detection, escalation, containment, investigation, eradication,
recovery, and post-incident analysis.

·   Cyber-attack simulation drills (e.g., spear phishing, distributed denial-of-service (“DDoS”) simulations and social engineering
exercises) and disaster recovery/business continuity drills to test resilience and response readiness.

Our strategy also includes robust cyber-risk awareness
programs. We have implemented customer-facing controls that allow real-time self-management of critical security parameters such as card
limits and access permissions. Awareness initiatives are regularly conducted through campaigns that educate customers on safe banking
practices in digital environments. Internally, the Bank runs a comprehensive Security Awareness Program to train employees on threat identification,
phishing prevention, and secure data handling practices.

The Bank’s cybersecurity policies and processes
are benchmarked against multiple regulatory and industry frameworks, including the Reserve Bank of India’s Cybersecurity Framework,
NCIIPC Guidelines, the FFIEC Cybersecurity Assessment Tool, SEBI and IRDA cybersecurity guidelines, as well as global standards such as
the NIST Cybersecurity Framework. Our cybersecurity policies are reviewed and approved annually by the Board of Directors to ensure the
policies remain current and effective in the context of emerging risks.

Governance

The Bank has instituted a dedicated cybersecurity
governance structure that clearly defines roles, responsibilities, and oversight mechanisms. The Board of Directors assumes ultimate responsibility
for cybersecurity oversight, which it delegates through the Information Technology Strategy Committee. The Information Technology Strategy
Committee is responsible for ensuring that the Bank has established effective mechanisms to identify, assess, manage, and mitigate cybersecurity
risks. It also reviews updates on key risk indicators, threat landscape developments, and cybersecurity incident summaries.

The operational execution of the Bank’s
cybersecurity strategy is led by the Chief Information Security Officer, who brings more than 26 years of domain experience across retail
banking, treasury, internet and mobile banking platforms, securities markets, and IT governance. The Chief Information Security Officer
leads the Information Security Group, which comprises specialized teams in cyber defence operations, incident response, regulatory compliance,
and vulnerability management.

85

Table of Contents

The Chief Information Security Officer and Information
Security Group leadership team provide quarterly briefings to the Information Technology Strategy Committee, covering threat intelligence,
incident trends, cyber risk assessments, and status updates on security initiatives. The Information Security Group staff undergo regular
training and certification, and participate in industry-wide cybersecurity forums to stay abreast of evolving threat vectors and regulatory
expectations.

Cybersecurity is embedded in the Bank’s
enterprise risk management framework and is assessed alongside operational, reputational, and third-party risks. All technology implementations
and digital products undergo security assessments before deployment. The Bank also conducts periodic tabletop exercises simulating cyber
incidents to validate its incident response, communication, and stakeholder coordination procedures.

Vendor and third-party risk is actively managed
through a formal due diligence and continuous monitoring framework, which includes evaluating a vendor or third party’s cybersecurity
posture, breach notification protocols, and alignment with the Bank’s data protection requirements. Cybersecurity obligations are
embedded in contracts with service providers to ensure timely incident reporting and mitigation cooperation.

Cybersecurity Incidents

During the fiscal year 2025, the Bank did not
identify any cybersecurity incident that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our business strategy, operations
or financial condition. However, consistent with industry-wide experience, we have faced multiple attempted attacks, including targeted
phishing, credential harvesting, and DDoS attacks aimed at disrupting customer access to our digital platforms. These attempts were promptly
detected and mitigated by the Bank’s cybersecurity infrastructure without any known data compromise or service disruption.

Despite our preparedness and layered controls,
we recognize that no security framework is immune to breach. Attack techniques are constantly evolving, often leveraging previously unknown
vulnerabilities or exploiting human error. Sophisticated adversaries may possess significant resources and employ highly targeted methods
that can bypass traditional security defences. Some threats may go undetected for extended periods and be discovered only after a breach
has occurred.

The Bank continues to invest in strengthening
its security infrastructure, improving resilience, and enhancing response capabilities. Significant resources are dedicated to modernizing
defences, including AI-based analytics, behaviour-driven anomaly detection, and zero-trust architecture components.
We remain vigilant in identifying and addressing emerging threats, including those arising from supply chain exposures, third-party dependencies,
and cross-border regulatory developments.

Audit

The Internal Audit Group, governed by a Group
Audit Charter and Internal Audit Policy approved by the Board of Directors, provides independent, objective assurance on the effectiveness
of internal controls, risk management and corporate governance and suggests improvements. It helps us accomplish our objectives by evaluating
and improving the effectiveness of risk management, internal controls and governance processes, through a systematic and disciplined approach.
The Internal Audit Group acts as an independent entity and reports to the Audit Committee of the Board.

The Internal Audit Group maintains staff with
sufficient knowledge, skills, experience and professional certifications. It deploys audit resources with expertise in audit execution
and adequate understanding of business activities. An assessment of the quality of assurance provided by the Internal Audit Group is conducted
through an independent external firm once every three years. The processes within the Internal Audit Group are certified under ISO 9001-2015.

86

Table of Contents

The Internal Audit Group has adopted a risk-based
audit methodology in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The risk-based audit methodology is outlined in the Internal
Audit Policy. An annual risk-based audit plan is drawn up based on the risk-based audit methodology and is approved by the Audit Committee
of the Board. Accordingly, the Internal Audit Group undertakes a comprehensive audit of all business centers, business groups and other
functions in accordance with the risk-based audit plan. Resources required for implementing the risk-based audit plan are also approved
by the Audit Committee.

The Internal Audit Group also has a dedicated
team responsible for information technology and information security (including cyber security) audits. The annual audit plan covers various
components of information technology including applications, infrastructure, information technology governance/risk management and information
technology general controls. Cyber security is a key focus area for audit, and activities undertaken by the information security function
are also subjected to audit.

The Reserve Bank of India requires banks to have
a process of concurrent audits of risk sensitive areas identified as per specific business models. Centralized Processing Centers are
required to be under purview of concurrent audit. The coverage of business centers/business areas under purview of concurrent audit and
scope of work to be entrusted to concurrent auditors are required to be approved by the Audit Committee. In adherence with the requirements,
the Internal Audit Group has put in place a systematic and structured approach for concurrent audit covering a review of high-risk financial
transactions originated by domestic business centers, throughout India. Additionally, domestic business centesr having high volume of
high-risk financial transactions are under purview of separate concurrent audit. Various other areas including treasury related functions
and trade finance transactions are also under purview of concurrent audit. Concurrent audits are also carried out at centralized and regional
processing centers and at centralized operations units with a focus on areas that are identified as needing transaction testing and also
to test the existence of and adherence to internal controls. Some of the head office functions are also under purview of continuous audit.
The details of the concurrent audit coverage are outlined in the annual risk-based audit plan, approved by the Audit Committee.

The audit of overseas banking subsidiaries and
domestic non-banking subsidiaries is carried out by a dedicated team of resident auditors attached to the respective subsidiaries/or by
an internal audit team of the Bank. These audit teams functionally report to the Audit Committees of the respective subsidiary and to
the Internal Audit Group of the Bank. The audit of overseas branches and representative offices is carried out by audit teams consisting
of auditors from India as well as a resident auditor based at the Singapore branch. International operations outsourced to India are audited
by a team of internal auditors in India.

Legal and Regulatory Risk

We are involved in various litigations and are
subject to a wide variety of banking and financial services laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We
are also subject to a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of these jurisdictions. Any uncertainty as to the
enforceability of the obligations of our customers and counter-parties, including the enforcement of collateral, creates legal risk.

Changes in laws and regulations could adversely
affect us. Legal risk is higher in new areas of business or when using new means to conduct existing business where the law is often untested
by the courts. We seek to minimize legal risk by our Legal Group providing/reviewing legal documentation and advising on legal risks for
our transactions, products and services.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—We are involved in various litigations. Any final judgment awarding material damages against us could
have a material adverse impact on our financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs”, “Risk
Factors—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a

87

Table of Contents

highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance
environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.” and “—Legal
and Regulatory Proceedings
”.

Risk Management Framework for International Operations

We have adopted a risk management framework for
our international banking operations, including overseas branches, our International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit and Offshore
Banking Unit. Under the framework, the Bank’s credit, investment, asset liability management and anti-money laundering policies
apply to all the overseas branches, our International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit and Offshore Banking Unit, with modifications
to meet local regulatory or business requirements. These modifications may be made with the approval of our Board of Directors or the
committees designated by the Board of Directors. The overseas branches are governed by their respective Risk Appetite Framework approved
by the Board and the overall bank-wide policies. In addition, there are also branch level policies, frameworks and limits structures
as appropriate Policies at the overseas banking subsidiaries are approved by Board of Directors of the respective subsidiaries and are
framed in consultation with the related groups in the Bank as per the risk management framework.

The Compliance Group oversees regulatory compliance
at the overseas branches, its International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit and Offshore Banking Unit. Compliance risk assessments,
including the key risk indicators pertaining to domestic and overseas branches, are presented to the Risk Committee of our Board of Directors
on a periodic basis. Management of regulatory compliance risk is an integral component of the governance framework at the Bank and its
subsidiaries along with the internal control mechanisms.

Risk Management in Certain Subsidiaries

ICICI Bank UK

ICICI Bank UK is exposed to key risks including
credit, market, liquidity, operational, outsourcing, compliance, and reputation risks.

The Board of Directors of ICICI Bank UK is
responsible for oversight and control of the functioning of ICICI Bank UK, and for approving major policies including the risk management
framework and risk appetite framework. ICICI Bank UK has implemented its Board-approved Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment and Internal
Liquidity Adequacy Assessment processes in compliance with regulatory requirements and maintains adequate capital and liquidity buffers.

Various executive committees provide day-to-day
oversight on key risks, with periodic monitoring at both the executive and Board/Board committee levels. All business activities are conducted
within the approved risk appetite and policy framework.

ICICI Bank Canada

ICICI Bank Canada faces risks such as credit,
market, operational, structural interest rate, liquidity, compliance, and reputation risks. ICICI Bank Canada has developed an Enterprise
Risk Management Framework to identify, measure, and monitor these risks effectively.

The Board of Directors of ICICI Bank Canada has
oversight on all risks and has established committees with specific mandates for oversight over the various risks.

The Risk Committee of ICICI Bank Canada’s
Board has delegated the operational responsibility for credit risk, market risk and operational risk management to the Management Credit
Committee, Asset Liability Committee and Non-Financial Risk Committees, respectively, within the broad parameters and limits laid down
in the Enterprise Risk Management Framework and its various annexures (namely, the Corporate and

88

Table of Contents

Commercial Credit and Recovery Policy, Retail Credit Recovery Policy,
Residential Mortgage Underwriting Policy, Market Risk Management Policy, Liquidity Management Policy and Operational Risk Management Policy).

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership is a primary
dealer and has Government of India securities as a significant proportion of its portfolio. The Corporate Risk Management Group at ICICI
Securities Primary Dealership has developed comprehensive risk management policies which seek to manage the risks generated by the activities
of the organization. The Corporate Risk Management Group develops and maintains models to assess market risks which are constantly updated
to capture the dynamic nature of the markets. The Corporate Risk Management Group also participates in the evaluation and introduction
of new products and business activities.

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership has a Board
level Risk Management Committee which is chaired by an Independent Director and comprises members of its Board of Directors. The Risk
Management Committee is responsible for analyzing and monitoring the risks associated with the different business activities of ICICI
Securities Primary Dealership and overseeing adherence to the risk and investment limits set by its Board of Directors.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company

The risk governance structure of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company consists of its Board, Board Risk Management Committee, Executive Risk Committee and its subcommittees. The Board,
on the recommendation of the Board Risk Management Committee, has approved the risk policy which covers the identification, measurement,
monitoring and control standards relating to various individual risks, namely investment (market, credit and liquidity), insurance, reputation
and operational (including legal, compliance, outsourcing, customer dissonance, business continuity, information and cyber security) risks.
The Board periodically reviews the potential impact of strategic risks such as changes in macro-economic factors, government policies,
regulatory environment and tax regime on the business plan of the ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company.

In addition to these risks, the life insurance
industry faces sustainability risks related to environmental, social and governance issues, including climate change. The risk management
framework of the ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company seeks to identify, measure and control its exposures to all these risks within
its overall risk appetite. Accordingly, sustainability risks, including climate-related risks, are integrated in the risk management framework
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company.

The risk policy sets out the governance structure
for risk management at ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company. The Board Risk Management Committee, which consists of non-executive directors,
formulates the risk management policy, including asset liability management, monitors all risks across various lines of business and establishes
appropriate systems to mitigate such risks. The Board Risk Management Committee also defines ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company’s
risk appetite, review its risk profile, oversees the effective operation of the risk management system and advises the Board on key risk
issues.

The Executive Risk Committee, which comprises
senior management, is responsible for assisting the Board and the Board Risk Management Committee in their risk management duties by guiding,
coordinating and overseeing compliance with the risk management policies and, in particular, is jointly responsible along with the Product
Management Committee for the approval of all new products launched by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company.

The risk management model of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company comprises a four-stage continuous cycle, namely identification and assessment, measurement, monitoring and control
of risks. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company’s risk policy details the strategy and procedures adopted to follow the risk

89

Table of Contents

management cycle at the enterprise level. A risk report detailing the
key risk exposures faced by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company and mitigation measures is placed before the Board Risk Management
Committee on a quarterly basis.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited is principally
exposed to risks arising out of the nature of business underwritten, credit and market risk on its total investment assets as well as
the credit risk it carries on its reinsurers. In respect of business risk, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited seeks to diversify
its insurance business across product classes, industry sectors and geographical regions with focus on achieving a balance between the
corporate and retail business mix to achieve favorable claim ratio and risk diversification. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited has
a risk retention and reinsurance policy. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited also has the ability to limit its risk exposure by way
of re-insurance and co-insurance arrangements.

Investments of the ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company are governed by the investment policy approved by its Board of Directors within the norms stipulated by the IRDAI.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited also has
various subcommittees to monitor risks and associated mitigations related to environmental social and governance risks, product management
risks, operational risks, market risks, outsourcing risks and other core risks. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited continues to closely
watch the evolving situation for appropriate risk mitigation and management.

Loan Portfolio

Our gross loan portfolio increased by 12.2% from
Rs. 12,830.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 14,389.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. At year-end fiscal 2025, 91.5% of our gross
loans were rupee loans. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Financial Condition—Assets—Advances
”.

Collateral—Completion, Perfection and Enforcement

Our loan portfolio largely consists of corporate
finance and working capital loans to corporate borrowers, loans to retail customers, including home loans, automobile loans, commercial
business loans, personal loans and credit card receivables and agricultural financing. Our unsecured loans primarily include personal
loans, credit card receivables and loans to higher-rated corporate borrowers. For loans which are secured, we generally stipulate that
the loans should be collateralized at the time of loan origination. However, it should be noted that obstacles within the Indian legal
system can create delays in enforcing collateral. See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—If the level
of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our business will suffer”
.
In India, there are no regulations stipulating loan-to-collateral limits, except in the case of home loans and loans against gold ornaments
and jewellery.

Secured consumer loan portfolio

Secured consumer loans for the purchase of assets,
such as mortgage loans and automobile loans are secured by the assets being financed (predominantly property and vehicles).

Depending on the type of borrower and the asset
being financed, the borrower may also be required to contribute towards the cost of the asset. Accordingly, the security value is generally
higher than the loan amount at the date of loan origination.

For other secured consumer loans, such as loans
against property and property overdrafts, we generally require collateral of 125.0% of the loan amount at origination.

90

Table of Contents

Commercial loans

The Bank generally requires collateral at origination
for commercial loans. We may also extend unsecured facilities in certain circumstances. Such circumstances may include working capital
limits outside consortium, short term requirements of the borrower, regulatory norms/restrictions on taking security and facilities where
adequate structural comforts are available to mitigate the envisaged credit risks and retail loans such as credit cards and personal loans.
We also provide unsecured loans to higher rated, well-established corporates. The collateral for project and other corporate loans are
usually immovable assets which are typically mortgaged in the Bank’s favor, or movable assets, which are typically hypothecated
or pledged in the Bank’s favor, except for projects such as road/airport and other concession-based projects. These security interests
must be perfected by the registration of these interests within time limits stipulated under the Companies Act with the Registrar of Companies
pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 when borrowers are constituted as companies. Security interests upon immovable property
are generally required to be registered with the relevant Sub- Registrar in terms of the Registration Act, 1908. This registration amounts
to a constructive public notice of the security interests. We may also take security of a pledge of financial assets like marketable securities
and obtain corporate guarantees and personal guarantees and sponsors wherever appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include
covenants relating to sponsor shareholding in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their
shareholding. Covenants involving equity shares generally have a top-up mechanism based on price triggers. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—The value of our collateral may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing our collateral when borrowers
default on their obligations to us which may result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential
loss
”.

The Bank generally requires collateral value at
150.0% of the outstanding loan amounts for loans to real estate companies and lease rental discounting facilities. Our lease rental discounting
facility is a loan facility offered to borrowers where the loans are granted against confirmed future lease rental payments to be received
by the borrowers. Further, the Bank has also laid down limits for unsecured exposures which restrict the exposure to unsecured facilities.

For working capital facilities, the current assets
of borrowers are generally taken as collateral. Each borrower is required to declare the value of current assets periodically. The borrower’s
credit limit is subject to an internally approved ceiling that applies to all borrowers.

Additionally, in some cases, we may take further
security on fixed assets, a pledge of financial assets like marketable securities, or obtain corporate guarantees and personal guarantees
of sponsors wherever appropriate. We also accept post-dated checks or cash (by way of term deposits of the Bank duly lien-marked in our
favor) as additional comfort for the facilities provided to various entities. The Bank has an internal framework for updating the collateral
values of commercial loans on a periodic basis. In the case of lending under consortium banking arrangement, a valuation report is obtained
as per the timelines stipulated by the lead bank. The Bank is generally entitled, by the terms of security documents, to enforce security
and appropriate the proceeds towards the borrower’s loan obligations without reference to the courts or tribunals unless a client
makes a reference to such courts or tribunals to challenge such enforcement. As per the credit policy of the Bank, we comply with the
extant regulatory guidelines with respect to collateral valuation in the case of non-performing accounts.

In case of consumer installment loans, we obtain
direct debit mandates or post-dated checks towards repayment on pre-specified dates. Post-dated checks, if dishonored, may entitle us
on occurrence of certain events to initiate quasi-criminal proceedings against the issuer of the checks. We are also adopting an online
dispute-resolution mechanism (entailing mediation, conciliation or arbitration or combination thereof administered by an independent institution)
for speedy resolution of claims and disputes of certain retail assets and services as an alternative to approaching courts or tribunals.
Such online dispute-resolution mechanism and its continuing usage will be subject to changes in law or court decisions.

91

Table of Contents

We recognize that our ability to realize the full
value of the collateral is affected adversely by, among other things, delays in bankruptcy proceedings, delays in the legal system, objections
raised by borrowers or other interested third persons, defects in the perfection of collateral (including due to inability to obtain approvals
that may be required from various persons, agencies or authorities) and fraudulent transfers by borrowers and other factors, including
current legislative provisions or changes thereto and past or future judicial pronouncements. The value and time to dispose the collateral
could also be impacted by policy decisions. In addition, the Bank generally has a right of set-off for amounts due to us from these facilities.
The Bank generally requires its working capital loan customers to submit data on their working capital position on a regular basis, so
that we can take any actions required before the loan becomes impaired. On a case-by-case basis, we may also stop or limit the borrower
from drawing further credit from its facility.

Loan Pricing

Based on the guidelines of the Reserve Bank of
India, all rupee loans extended by Banks and credit limits renewed with effect from April 1, 2016 are required to be priced with reference
to marginal cost of funds based lending rate. As required by the guidelines, we publish the ICICI Bank marginal cost of funds-based lending
rate for various tenures on a monthly basis.

The Reserve Bank of India’s Master Direction
– Interest Rate on Advances mandates banks to link all new floating rate personal or retail loans (e.g., housing loans or auto loans)
and floating rate loans to micro, small and medium enterprises extended by banks to specified external benchmarks. The interest rate of
external benchmark linked floating rate loans shall be reset at least once in three months. For borrowers other than retail and micro,
small and medium enterprises, the Bank has the option to offer floating rate loans linked to external benchmark or marginal cost of funds
based lending rate. Currently, ICICI Bank links its external benchmark linked floating rate loans to the Reserve Bank of India repo rate.

Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

The following table sets forth certain information
relating to our subsidiaries, joint ventures and consolidated entities at year-end fiscal 2025.

Name   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership interest   Total income(1)   Net worth(2)   Total assets(3)
(in millions, except percentages)
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   January 1988   Private Equity/venture capital fund management   100.00   %   Rs.   1,093   Rs.   2,485   Rs.   3,009
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited (4)   February 1993   Securities investment, trading and underwriting   100.00   %   30,299   20,406   421,528
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company
    Limited (4)(10)   June 1993   Asset management company for ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   51.00   %   49,797   35,169   43,837
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   June 1993   Trustee company for ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   50.80   %   23   25   29
ICICI Securities Limited (4)(7)   March 1995   Securities broking & Merchant Banking   100.00   %   63,333   53,891   300,099
ICICI International Limited   January 1996   Asset management   100.00   %   94   173   175
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   April 1999   Trusteeship Services   100.00   %   3   11   12
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited (4)   May 1999   Housing Finance   100.00   %   34,499   46,408   301,460
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   March 2000   Asset management and investment advisory   100.00   %   335   187   282
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. (4)(5)   June 2000   Holding company   100.00   %   1   131   132
ICICI Securities Inc. (4)(5)   June 2000   Securities Broking   100.00   %   258   434   520
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   July 2000   Life insurance   51.03   %   726,922   119,413   (6)   3,142,402
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   October 2000   General insurance   51.55   %   341,049   149,841   (6)   690,203
ICICI Bank UK   February 2003   Banking   100.00   %   12,324   30,082   206,826
ICICI Bank Canada   September 2003   Banking   100.00   %   18,897   28,952   313,051
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management
    Company Limited (8)   April 2009   Pension fund management and Points of Presence   100.00   %   316   525   593
I-Process Services (India) Limited   April 2005   Manpower support services   100.00   %   9,512   886   1,910
ICICI Strategic Investments Fund (9)   February 2003   Venture capital fund   100.00   %   Rs.   35   Rs.   103   Rs.   105

92

Table of Contents

__________________

(1)   Total income represents gross income from operations and other income of the entity.

(2)   Net worth represents share capital/unit capital (in case of venture capital funds), share application money and reserves and surplus
of the entity.

(3)   Total assets represent fixed assets, advances, investments and gross current assets (including cash and bank balances) of the entity.

(4)   Number as per respective entity Ind AS financial statements pursuant to migration to Ind AS by these entities.

(5)   ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. and ICICI Securities Inc. are a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities.

(6)   Includes share capital, share application money-pending allotment, securities premium and fair value reserve.

(7)   On March 24, 2025, ICICI Securities became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank.

(8)   ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited. The Board of Directors of the Bank at its board meeting held on July 19, 2025 approved the acquisition of 100% shareholding in
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited to make ICICI Prudential
Pension Funds Management Company Limited a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, subject to RBI, PFRDA and other necessary approvals.

(9)   This entity has been consolidated as per Accounting Standard 21 – Consolidated Financial Statements.

(10)   On June 27, 2025, the Bank approved purchase of up to 2% additional shareholding in the ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company
Limited. This purchase will primarily be towards maintaining the Bank’s majority shareholding in the event of grant of stock-based
compensation by ICICI Prudential Assets Management Company Limited, subject to receipt of requisite approvals.

At year-end fiscal 2025, all of our subsidiaries
and joint ventures were incorporated in India, except the following five companies:

ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., incorporated in the United
States;

ICICI Securities Inc., incorporated in the United States;

ICICI Bank UK PLC, incorporated in the United Kingdom;

ICICI Bank Canada, incorporated in Canada; and

ICICI International Limited, incorporated in Mauritius.

ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities and ICICI Securities Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary
of ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.

ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. and ICICI Securities Inc. are consolidated in ICICI Securities’ financial statements.

The following table sets forth certain information
on our affiliates whose results were included in the consolidated financial statements under Indian GAAP at year-end fiscal 2025.

93

Table of Contents

Name(1)   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership interest   Total income(2)   Net worth(3)   Total assets(4)
(in millions, except percentages)
NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited(5)   June 2006   Education and training in banking, finance and insurance   18.79   %   Rs.   770   Rs.   331   Rs.   441
FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)(6)   July 2009   Merchant acquiring and servicing   19.01   %   1,970   3,190   7,898
India Infradebt Limited   October 2012   Infrastructure re-finance   42.33   %   23,815   37,321   280,747
India Advantage Fund-III   June 2005   Venture capital fund   24.10   %   300   334   337
India Advantage Fund-IV   August 2005   Venture capital fund   47.14   %   181   196   197
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   February 2007   Software company   19.98   %   Rs.   558   Rs.   601   Rs.   807

__________________

(1)   These entities have been accounted for as per the equity method
as prescribed by AS 23 on ‘Accounting for Investments in Associates in Consolidated Financial Statements’.

(2)   Total income represents gross income from operations and other
income of the entity.

(3)   Net worth represents share capital/unit capital (in case of
venture capital funds) and reserves and surplus of the entity.

(4)   Total assets represent fixed assets, advances, investments and
gross current assets (including cash and bank balances) of the entity.

(5)   On June 11, 2025, the Bank executed a share purchase agreement
for sale of its entire shareholding in the equity shares of NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited, consequent
to which the share transfer was completed and it ceased to be an associate of the Bank effective the same day .

(6)   The Bank executed a share purchase agreement for sale of its
entire shareholding in the equity shares of FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited on March 29, 2025. The share transfer was completed
subsequently on April 17, 2025 and it ceased to be an associate of the Bank effective that day.

Technology

Technology organization

Dedicated technology teams are responsible for
the implementation and support of technology platforms and solutions used across various business functions. There are specific technology
verticals which are focused on specialized technology functions such as core, data and intelligence, customer engagement, employee engagement
and federation. The technology infrastructure team is responsible for facilitating the technology infrastructure across data centers,
networks and cloud infrastructure. The Technology Management Group is a team which is responsible for the technology strategy of the Bank
including implementation of enterprise architecture. Our startup engagement and investment team seeks to leverage innovation in the startup
and technology ecosystem.

In fiscal 2025, we continued to invest in key
technology solutions that enhance our business and operational capabilities. Our technology priorities are driven by our objective of
improving customer digital experiences across multiple touchpoints, including by revamping our internet-facing and mobile interfaces.
We are focused on platform integration to enable seamless onboarding and faster processing, along with the in-housing of applications
to strengthen monitoring and security controls. We are consistently upgrading and strengthening our technology infrastructure with a goal
to maintain a secure, stable and resilient infrastructure and improve operational efficiency. Business process optimization is occurring
through adoption of intelligent automation platforms including robotic processes and Optical Character Recognition capabilities which
has enabled efficiency across business and operational functions. These have brought about faster turnaround time as well as enabling
increased capacity for handling transaction volumes and customer requirements. As part of our technology strategy, we focus on creating
an enterprise architecture framework across digital platforms, data and analytics, micro services-based architecture, cloud computing,
cognitive intelligence and other emerging technologies. This is based on the founding pillars of scalability, resilience and security,
and creating delightful and digitally native customer experiences to enable sustainable profitable growth. The key priorities that dominate
our technology requirements include our technology platforms, embedded banking, cloud adoption and data platforms and analytics.

94

Table of Contents

We have a dedicated Data Science and Analytics
Group that works across business areas on projects relating to business analytics, decision strategies, forecasting models, machine learning,
rule engines and performance monitoring. We maintain a comprehensive enterprise-wide data warehouse and employ statistical and modelling
tools for leading-edge analytics.

In driving an innovation and start-up mindset,
we have set up an Innovation Centre to collaborate with and invest in fintech startups and co-develop products aligned with the Bank’s
digital roadmap. The engagements with the startups are focused on payments, digital lending, customer experience, risk management and
platforms.

Digital platforms and journeys for retail customers

Our retail internet banking platform and our mobile
banking application, iMobile, are designed to meet the overall needs of our customers. Our retail internet banking interface offers adaptable
features, while iMobile Pay's open architecture ensures seamless payments via the unified payments interface.

The redesigning of retail internet banking and
the iMobile app enhances overall usability by offering improved control, customization and a unified digital experience. The iMobile app
prioritizes accessibility with a user-friendly interface for easy navigation and access to over 400 services including account management,
fund transfers, bill payments, deposits management and investments. Enhanced features such as Unified Payments Interface (“UPI”)
for NRIs, smart scan and voice search simplify transactions and boost accessibility. Security feature of the iMobile app, such as SmartLock
allows its customers to temporarily block/unblock various banking channels such as UPI, internet banking, iMobile app and debit/credit
cards, all with a single click enhancing security. ICICI Bank’s mobile app strategy aims to deliver a convenient, secure and personalized
banking experience.

iLens, ICICI Bank’s lending solution, is
an integrated loan processing platform for retail loans. It is an end-to-end digital lending platform covering the entire loan life cycle,
starting from onboarding to disbursement with the objective of providing superior transaction experience and enhanced operational efficiency.
During fiscal 2025, credit cards were also added on the iLens platform in addition to mortgage loans, personal loans and education loans.
This is expected to further enable us to provide enhanced customer experience and increase our ability to capture the entire customer
ecosystem in a simplified, frictionless and digital manner, thereby creating value for the customers and the Bank.

Digital payments and partnerships

We have continued to strengthen our efforts in
creating a seamless digital journey with user-friendly experiences. Partnerships with technology companies and platforms with large customer
bases and operational excellence offer unique opportunities for growth and enhancing service delivery and customer experience.

FASTag is an electronic toll collection system
in India operated by the National Highways Authority of India through prepaid radio frequency identification tags. We are one of the leading
banks in electronic toll collection on highways through FASTag. We have not only pioneered the usage of FASTag for toll payments at various
national and state highway but also expanded the usage of FASTag for parking payments at airports, malls, and tech parks across the country.
ICICI Bank Fastag's auto-recharge feature ensures seamless toll payments by topping up the prepaid account automatically when the balance
is low, facilitating hassle-free commuting.

95

Table of Contents

We have partnerships with various leading companies
to offer co-branded credit cards. We offer these credit cards to both our customers as well as non-ICICI Bank account holders. We aim
to provide comprehensive solutions to the new-to-bank customers that have been acquired through these credit cards. The growth in credit
card transactions was driven by higher activation rate and effective portfolio management, facilitated by digital customer onboarding
processes.

Digital platforms and solutions for rural customers

We use imagery from observation satellites to
measure an array of parameters related to the land, irrigation and crop patterns which is used in combination with demographic and financial
parameters to make expeditious lending decisions for farmers. This has helped in reducing the time for credit assessment.

Technology in debt service management

Our debt servicing practice has been built on
the core of leveraging technology and advanced data analytics that enables us to reach customer using non-intrusive channels at an optimal
cost. We cover over 35% of our early defaults through risk-based models using contactless channels i.e. interactive voice bot, smart interactive
voice response (“IVR”) calls, WhatsApp and short messaging service (“SMS”) campaigns in more than 14 languages.
We have been using various digital payment solution that help collect over 84% of payments digitally. For our rural portfolio, we use
satellite-based images and data algorithms to monitor crop growth which helps enhance our collection efficiencies.

Digital platforms and journeys for business banking
customers, merchant ecosystem and ecommerce ecosystem

Our digital platform, InstaBIZ,
is a one-stop solution for all business banking needs. We have seen an increase in the engagement level of customers on the InstaBIZ app.
Any customer can now open current account instantly through Know Your Customer Video (“video KYC”) in a seamless, paperless
manner. Customers can apply for loans, avail instant overdraft, manage export-import transactions, get merchant banking solutions, make
instant bill and tax payments and use other services through the InstaBIZ app. The newly introduced feature—SmartLock— allows
the customers to temporarily block/unblock various banking channels such as UPI, internet banking, iMobile app and debit/credit cards,
all with a single click enhancing security.

In fiscal 2025, the Bank
launched DigiEase, a digital onboarding platform for business banking customers to provide a seamless onboarding experience. The platform
leverages integration with various public data infrastructure under single workflow for seamless retrieval and validation of data digitally,
ensuring data reliability and operational efficiency with reduced turnaround time. The platform aims to provide complete visibility across
every stage of the customer journey, beginning with onboarding, continuing through sanctioning and disbursement and extending into portfolio
monitoring.

Our Trade Online platform allows customers to
perform most of their trade finance and foreign exchange transactions, such as regularization of bill of entry and export bills, accessing
letters of credit and fixed deposit backed bank guarantees, accessing export credit, and facilitating import and export bill collections
digitally. ICICI Bank has strengthened its Trade Application Programme Interface (“API”) suite—a major step in
digitizing trade transactions to support our growing trade ecosystem. By integrating directly with clients' enterprise resource planning
(“ERP”) systems, the Trade API suite enables automated transaction initiation and reconciliation, elimination of manual intervention,
and significant reduction in processing time, thereby offering clients a faster, secure, and seamless experience.

Our strategy in the merchant ecosystem space focuses
on onboarding merchants with known and assessable credit worthiness through our comprehensive acquiring platforms including Point of Sale
(“POS”), UPI, payment gateway and payout solutions. To support this strategy, the Bank has made strategic investments in building
in-house merchant acquiring platforms. This platform empowers retailers, online businesses and large e-commerce firms with omni-channel
collection and payment capabilities, seamlessly integrated with the bank. The platform also enables the Bank to integrate the latest available
payment devices, ensuring merchants have access to technology for enhanced transaction experiences. We are continuously

96

Table of Contents

enhancing our merchant product suite in a fast-evolving competitive
landscape to meet the dynamic needs of our customers. Additionally, merchants benefit from connected banking services, which enable instant
reconciliation by seamlessly integrated banking with their accounting systems.

The e-commerce ecosystem lends significant opportunities
for us to offer digital solutions to customers and merchants selling their goods through e-commerce websites. Our ‘Cardless Equated
Monthly Instalment’ facility enables our pre-approved customers to convert their transactions into equated monthly installments
at the check-out section of the e-commerce website or mobile application. Some key solutions offered to e-commerce entities and their
sellers include an overdraft facility, composite pay APIs enabling payments through various channels, foreign currency fixed deposit,
working capital and easy payment solutions. For customers utilizing e-commerce platforms, we offer solutions such as digital wallets,
prepaid cards and co-branded credit cards.

Digital platforms and solutions for corporate and
institutional customers and their ecosystems

“ICICI STACK for Corporates” in over
20 key industries offers comprehensive solutions to corporates and their ecosystem like channel partners, dealers, vendors, employees
and other stakeholders, thus bringing the full range of banking services to the customer. Platforms offered to corporate customers as
a part of ICICI STACK for Corporates include Corporate Internet Banking, Escrow Management, Trade Online and FX Online, and other platforms.

Trade Emerge, a comprehensive digital platform,
is a one-stop solution offering a wide range of services for all the trade-related needs of exporters and importers. Trade Emerge is accessible
through Corporate Internet Banking, InstaBIZ and Trade Online to ensure that all the banking and other trade requirements of exporters
and importers are fulfilled within the ICICI ecosystem. The Digi-Escrow platform modernizes traditional escrow services by offering a
seamless digital experience. The Bank is also enhancing journeys on cash management and trade digital platforms.

Further, corporates are increasingly
seeking scalable and efficient supply chain finance solutions. ICICI Bank addresses these needs through its comprehensive suite of platforms
including OneSCF, FSCM, CorpConnect, and DigitalLite. These platforms deliver comprehensive digital onboarding for supply chain partners,
end-to-end visibility from payments to collections, automated data reconciliation, real-time dashboards, and a secure, paperless transaction
environment.

Our treasury-trading infrastructure has an internet
protocol telephony-based architecture. We have enhanced our existing process of automation in the treasury business, thus reducing trading
risks and enhancing market competitiveness. The iTreasury feature on our corporate internet banking platforms offers a unified, intuitive,
one-view dashboard to corporates to meet their treasury requirements.

Technology in customer relationship management

During fiscal 2025, the Bank
has enhanced its Customer Relationship Management (“CRM”) platform, iCRM. The transformed iCRM is a comprehensive
cross-functional unified CRM platform across internal stakeholders such as business centers and service centers. The platform connects
ICICI Bank employees to data and key customer information across the Bank. Designed for both web and mobile platforms, it presents a holistic
view of customer engagement history in a consolidated manner, enabling teams to better understand customer needs and preferences and offer
suitable banking solutions.

Data Center and Disaster Recovery System

We have two captive data centers located in Hyderabad
designed to optimize energy efficiency and support high server densities. In addition, we maintain a co-located facility in Hyderabad,
which acts as a near-site recovery point for critical systems. We also have a disaster recovery data center in Jaipur. Further, we are
enhancing our capacity through new data centers in Mumbai, hosted at co-location facilities.

97

Table of Contents

Additionally, our information technology infrastructure is hosted on
public cloud platforms and supports critical aspects of our business, including data storage, computing capacity, and software delivery.
These systems are monitored around the clock to detect anomalies and ensure prompt incident response. Disaster recovery drills, including
failover and failback exercises, are conducted at regular intervals to ascertain the readiness of our systems and validate recovery time
and point objectives. We have developed business continuity plans that support the continued operation
of critical business functions during a disaster. These plans are aligned with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India and
have been approved by our Board of Directors. These plans are tested periodically to ensure effectiveness.

Competition

We face competition in all our principal areas
of business from Indian and foreign commercial banks, housing finance companies, non-banking financial companies, new differentiated banks
in the private sector such as payments banks and small finance banks, non-bank entities offering retail payments and other services, mutual
funds and investment banks. We seek to gain competitive advantage over our competitors by offering products and services that are in the
interest of our customers, using technology, building customer relationships, enhancing distribution in a seamless manner and developing
an aligned team of highly motivated and skilled employees. We evaluate our competitive position separately in respect of our products
and services for retail and corporate customers.

Commercial banks in India meet the short-term
financial needs, or working capital requirements, of industry, trade and agriculture, provide long-term financing to sectors like infrastructure
and provide retail loan products. At March 31, 2025, there were approximately 140 commercial banks in the country.

Commercial Banking Products and Services for Retail
Customers

In the retail markets, competition has traditionally
been from foreign and Indian commercial banks, non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies. In recent years, competition
is also emerging from new types of banks that have entered the financial market such as small finance banks and payments banks and non-bank
entities offering payments and other services.

Non-financial companies, particularly international
technology companies including large e-commerce players and internet-based service providers, are increasing their presence in the financial
sector and are offering payment platforms and select services. We are currently partnering with some of these entities to jointly offer
payment and credit products and services. Some or all of these entities, which have substantially more resources than us and other Indian
banks, may eventually seek a larger share of the banking and financial services market in India. ICICI Bank is also undertaking various
initiatives in developing an enhanced technology architecture such as a focus on platforms and digitization, continuous investments in
innovations and security features to be able to respond to the needs of customers with agility.

We seek to compete in the retail market through
a comprehensive product portfolio and effective distribution channels, which include digital channels, branches and partnerships. We seek
to build a localized understanding of market requirements through analytics and develop an efficient distribution and resource allocation
strategy. We offer a comprehensive suite of products and services to customers. These include savings, investment, credit and protection
products based on customer needs, along with convenient payment and transaction banking services. We continuously strive to adopt a ‘Fair
to Customer, Fair to Bank’ approach across all our businesses.

Commercial Banking Products and Services for Agricultural
and Rural Customers

In our commercial banking operations for agricultural
and rural customers, we face competition from public sector banks that have large branch networks in rural India. Other private sector
banks and non-banking finance companies have also increased their focus on rural markets. We also face competition from specialized players
such as rural-focused financial institutions and micro-finance companies. The Reserve

98

Table of Contents

Bank of India has issued licenses to specialized small finance banks,
which have higher directed lending targets compared to banks and will compete in the rural and unorganized sectors. We seek to compete
in this business based on our product strategy, capturing ecosystems, technological capabilities and having multiple channels and an approach
to holistically meet the financial needs of customers in this segment.

Commercial Banking Products and Services for Corporate
Customers

We seek to compete in this segment based on our
service and prompt turnaround time that we believe are faster than public sector banks, as well as the improvement in our funding base
and optimization in our funding cost in recent years which enables us to participate profitably in higher rated corporate credit. We seek
to compete with the large branch networks of the public sector banks through our multi-channel distribution, ecosystem branches and technology-driven
delivery capabilities.

We compete with foreign banks in cross-border
trade finance based on our wider geographical reach in India relative to foreign banks and our technology-based customized trade financing
solutions enabling most transactions to be undertaken digitally. We have leveraged our balance sheet size, wider branch network, technological
capabilities and our international presence to compete in treasury-related products and services.

Other private sector banks also compete in the
corporate banking market on the basis of efficiency, service delivery and technology. However, we believe that our size, capital base,
established corporate relationships, wider geographical reach and ability to use technology to provide innovative, value-added products
and services provide us with a competitive edge.

Commercial Banking Products and Services for International
Customers

In our international operations, we face competition
from Indian public sector banks with overseas operations, foreign banks with products and services targeted at non-resident Indians and
Indian businesses and other service providers such as remittance services. Foreign banks have become more competitive in providing financing
to Indian businesses leveraging their strength of access to lower cost foreign currency funds. We seek to position ourselves as an Indian
bank offering products and services focused on non-resident Indians, capturing the ecosystem of multi-national corporates and India-linked
trade and funds corridors with an extensive distribution network in India, to gain competitive advantage. We seek to leverage our technology
capabilities developed in our domestic businesses to offer convenience and efficient services to our international customers. We also
seek to leverage our established relationships with Indian corporations in our international business.

Insurance and Asset Management

Our insurance and asset management businesses
face competition from existing dominant public sector players as well as dominant private sector players. We believe that our subsidiaries,
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited, have built product, distribution and risk management capabilities, achieving competitive market positions in their respective
businesses. We believe that the ability to leverage ICICI Bank’s retail franchise and distribution network is a key competitive
advantage for our insurance and asset management subsidiaries.

Employees

At year-end fiscal 2025, we had 182,665 employees,
including sales executives, employees on fixed term contracts and interns. Of these, ICICI Bank employed 130,957 employees at year-end
fiscal 2025. Of our 182,665 employees at year-end fiscal 2025, 113,072 were professionally qualified, holding degrees in management, accountancy,
engineering, law, computer science, economics or banking.

99

Table of Contents

We dedicate a significant amount of senior management
time in ensuring that employees remain highly motivated and are aligned to the organization’s core employee proposition. Employee
compensation is linked to performance of the Bank and we encourage the involvement of our employees in the overall performance and profitability
of the Bank. Performance and succession planning systems have been instrumental in assisting management in career development. Management
believes that it has good working relationships with its employees.

ICICI Bank pays performance-linked retention pay
to its front-line employees and junior management and performance bonus to its middle and senior management. Performance-linked retention
pay aims to reward front-line and junior managers mainly on the basis of skill maturity attained through experience and continuity in
role which is a key differentiator for customer services. The Bank uses a higher proportion of variable pay at senior levels and lower
variable pay at front-line staff and junior management levels. The quantum of bonus for an employee does not exceed a certain percentage
of the total fixed pay in a year. Within this percentage, if the bonus exceeds a predefined limit, a part of the bonus is deferred and
paid over a period. Senior managers and employees in senior management are also given employee stock options as variable pay. The deferred
portion of variable pay pertaining to the assessment year or previous years (as defined in the policy) is subject to malus, under which
the Bank prevents vesting of all, or part or none of the unvested variable pay in the event of assessed divergence in the Bank’s
provisioning for non-performing assets exceeding the prescribed threshold, or in the event of reasonable evidence of deterioration in
financial performance, or in the event of gross misconduct and/or other acts as mentioned in the policy. In such cases (other than assessed
divergence), variable pay already paid out may also be subjected to claw back arrangements, as applicable. See also “
Management—Compensation
and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Employee Stock Option Scheme
”.

ICICI Bank has training centers, where various
training programs designed to meet the changing skill requirements of its employees are conducted. These training programs include orientation
sessions for new employees and management development programs for mid-level and senior executives. The training centers regularly offer
courses conducted by faculty, both national and international, drawn from industry, academia and ICICI Bank’s own organization.
Training programs are also conducted for developing functional as well as managerial skills. Products and operations training are also
conducted through web-based training modules. ICICI Bank has focused on providing blended learning solutions to the employees. Digital
and behavioral learning interventions have been introduced along with functional trainings for various business groups in retail, wholesale,
transaction banking and others. These programs are customized and presented after detailed need analysis based on role, vintage and functions.
The Bank has worked for creating a structure where every role under each business unit has suitable learning programs.

In addition to basic compensation, employees of
ICICI Bank are eligible to receive loans from ICICI Bank at subsidized rates and to participate in its provident fund and other employee
benefit plans. See also “
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Employee Stock Option Scheme
”.

Properties

Our existing registered office is located at ICICI
Bank Tower, Near Chakli Circle, Old Padra Road, Vadodara 390 007, Gujarat, India. Our corporate headquarters are located at ICICI Bank
Towers, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400051, Maharashtra, India.

ICICI Bank had a domestic branch network consisting
of 6,983 branches, 16,285 ATMs and cash recycler machines at March 31, 2025 as compared to 6,523 branches, 17,190 ATMs and cash recycler
machines at March 31, 2024. In addition to branches, extension counters and ATMs, ICICI Bank has 63 administrative offices, including
our registered office at Vadodara and our corporate headquarters at Mumbai, 67 processing centers and 46 currency chests.

We also provide residential facilities to employees
in India. At March 31, 2025, we owned 446 apartments for providing residential facilities to our employees.

100

Table of Contents

Legal and Regulatory Proceedings

We are involved in various litigations and are
subject to a wide variety of banking and financial services laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We
are also subject to a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of these jurisdictions. We are involved in a number
of legal proceedings and regulatory relationships in the ordinary course of our business, some of which have resulted in penalties imposed
on and paid by us in the past.

Penalty imposed by the Reserve Bank of India from
April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025.

·   The Reserve Bank of India has, by an order dated May 21, 2024, imposed a monetary penalty of Rs. 10.0
million on the Bank for non-compliance with certain directions issued by RBI on ‘Loans and Advances – Statutory and Other
Restrictions’. This penalty has been imposed in exercise of powers vested in the Reserve Bank of India under the provisions of section
47A(1)(c) read with section 46(4)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. The Bank has taken necessary corrective action in this regard.

The Bank also adheres to the anti-money laundering
requirements as specified by the regulators of respective geographies. The Bank’s anti-money laundering framework is subject to
audit by the Internal Audit Department and their observations are reported to the Audit Committee at regular intervals.

·   In October 2022, the New York Branch entered into a consent order with its federal
banking supervisor, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which required the New York Branch to enhance certain processes in
its Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering program and establish and maintain an effective sanctions compliance program. The Consent Order
did not involve any monetary penalty. All requirements under the Consent Order were completed and OCC issued an order, dated March 8,
2025, terminating the consent order, following validation of the corrective measures undertaken by the branch to address the action items
highlighted in the Order.

·   The German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (“BaFin”), issued a Show Cause Notice (“SCN”) to the Germany Branch of ICICI Bank UK (overseas
Banking Subsidiary of ICICI Bank Ltd.) highlighting the delay and errors in the Risk Bearing Capacity (“RBC”) report dated
December 31, 2022. Subsequently, BaFin imposed a fine of Euro 36,753.50 through letter dated August 21, 2024 on ICICI Bank UK, Germany
Branch. Errors pertaining to risk bearing capacity report have since been resolved.

In addition, the Bank received a notice dated
July 17, 2023 from the Directorate of Enforcement for Adjudication proceedings under FEMA 1999 in connection with a Show Cause Notice
received in 2015 for Overseas Direct Investment transaction undertaken by a customer of the Bank (i.e. Aamby Valley Limited - AVL) in
2010 and was directed to appear at a personal hearing which was scheduled on August 21, 2023. During the hearing, the legal counsel representing
the Bank sought permission for inspection of documents/records relied upon by Directorate of Enforcement. A follow-up letter in this regard
was also sent on September 28, 2023. The Directorate of Enforcement, through its letter dated May 29, 2025, has confirmed that the inspection
of documents may be conducted on any working day, subject to securing a prior appointment. The Bank, through its letter dated June 11,
2025, has requested the Directorate of Enforcement to fix a date for inspection and/or taking copies of the documents/records maintained
by the Directorate of Enforcement at any convenient time between July 2 and July 7, 2025.

ICICI Bank and it’s
Ex-Managing Director & CEO had received a show cause notice dated May 23, 2018 (“SCN 1”), from SEBI under Rule 4(1) of the Securities Contracts (Regulations) (Procedure for Holding Inquiry and imposing
penalties by Adjudicating Officer) Rules, 2005, requiring responses on matters relating to alleged non-compliance with certain provisions
of the erstwhile Listing Agreement and the SEBI Listing Regulations. ICICI Bank submitted its reply to SEBI on August 23, 2018,
and responded to further requisition for information from SEBI, including attending personal hearings. On November 19, 2020, SEBI issued
a modified show cause notice to ICICI Bank (“MSCN”),

101

Table of Contents

response to which was submitted on February 12,
2021. During FY2025, SEBI issued a show cause notice dated February 13, 2025 to ICICI Bank revising the
earlier show cause notice with respect to the provisions of penalty applicable and decoupled the ICICI Bank matter from that of
the Ex-Managing Director & CEO. ICICI Bank has submitted its response to SEBI through letter dated February 27, 2025, and
appeared for personal hearing and responded to queries raised by the adjudicating officer. Pursuant to order dated May 2, 2025, passed
by the Securities Appellate Tribunal (“SAT”) in an appeal filed by the Ex-Managing Director & CEO, SEBI through letter
dated June 4, 2025, directed ICICI Bank to ensure compliance with the directions set out in the order passed by the Securities
Appellate Tribunal. ICICI Bank has approached SEBI for certain clarifications. A response from SEBI is awaited.

Contingent tax liability

At year-end fiscal 2025, our contingent
tax liability was assessed at an aggregate of Rs. 160.7 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 103.5 billion), mainly pertaining to income tax,
interest tax, service tax, goods and services tax and sales tax/value added tax demands by the Government of India’s tax authorities
for past years. We have appealed or are in the process of filing an appeal against each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with
counsel, favorable decisions in our own cases/advance rulings in other similar cases or as per ICICI Group’s internal assessment
as set out below, management believes that the tax authorities are not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments and, accordingly,
we have not provided for these tax demands at year-end fiscal 2025. Disputed tax issues that are classified as remote are not disclosed
as contingent liabilities by us.

Of the contingent tax liability of Rs. 160.7
billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 103.5 billion):

·   Rs. 96.2 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 83.2 billion) related to appeals filed by us or the tax authorities with respect to assessments
mainly pertaining to direct tax, where we have relied on favorable opinions from counsel and past decisions by appellate authorities in
our own or other similar cases. The key disputed liabilities were:

·   Rs. 23.2 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 28.6 billion) related to whether interest expenses can be attributed to earning tax-exempt income.
We believe that no interest can be allocated thereto as there are no borrowings earmarked for investments in shares/tax free bonds and
our interest free funds are sufficient to cover investments in the underlying tax free securities;

·   Rs. 15.6 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 15.6 billion) related to the disallowance of mark-to-market losses on derivative transactions
treated by the tax authorities as notional losses;

·   Rs. 14.0 billion (March 31, 2024: Nil) related to disallowance of marketing expenditures by the tax authorities pertaining to ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, treated as inadmissible by the tax authorities;

·   Rs. 11.2 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 10.7 billion) related to the disallowance of interest paid on perpetual bonds, as the tax authorities
do not deem these instruments as borrowings and therefore the interest paid on these bonds has not been allowed as a deduction;

·   Rs. 7.2 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 7.0 billion) related to disallowance of provision for year-end operating expense by the tax authorities
treating it as contingent in nature;

·   Rs. 7.0 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 6.3 billion) related to the disallowance of depreciation claims on leased assets, due to treatment
of the lease transactions as loan transactions by the tax authorities;

·   Rs. 5.4 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 5.1 billion) related to interest on non-performing assets de-recognized as per the Reserve Bank
of India guidelines after 90 days. Interest income is assessed to tax on the ground that tax provisions have 180 days limit as against
90 days followed by the Bank;

102

Table of Contents

·   Rs. 4.2 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 4.0 billion) related to the disallowance of written-off amounts for credit cards for claiming
bad debt write-offs. It has been disallowed on the ground that the credit card business is neither a banking business nor pertaining to
money lending and hence did not fulfill conditions for claim of bad debt write-off;

·   Rs. 2.1 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 1.0 billion) related to taxability of amounts withdrawn from the special reserve. The Bank had
maintained two special reserve accounts, which included a special reserve created up to assessment year fiscal 1998. Withdrawals from
the account were assessed as taxable by the tax authorities for the assessment years fiscal 1999 to fiscal 2001. We have received favorable
orders in respect of these assessment years. However, the income tax authorities have preferred further appeal against the favorable orders;

·   Rs. 64.5 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 20.3 billion) was in respect of service tax, goods and services tax and sales tax/value added
tax matters which mainly pertain to the demands along with interest and penalty levied by respective tax authorities where we have relied
on favorable opinions from counsels and past decisions in our own cases/advance ruling by authorities in other similar cases. The key
disputed liabilities were:

·   Rs. 32.5 billion (March 31, 2024: Nil) pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited relates to the eligibility
                                                                                                               of input tax credit on certain expenses;

·   Rs. 5.9 billion (March 31,2024: Nil) pertaining to the Bank relates to order on levy of GST on notional value of services provided
by the Bank to customers maintaining specified Minimum Average Balance (MAB) in their deposit accounts;

·   Rs. 4.9 billion (March 31,2024: Rs. 4.9 billion) pertaining to ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited relates to denial of
input tax credit availed and utilized on certain expenses pertaining to advertisement and manpower services;

·   Rs. 3.9 billion (March 31, 2024: 3.8 billion) pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited relates to disallowance
of CENVAT credit in respect of services of re-insurance of motor insurance policies and contesting the methodology of computation of CENVAT
credit reversal;

·   Rs. 2.0 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 2.0 billion) pertaining to the Bank relates to disallowance of CENVAT credit on ATM interchange
fees paid to acquiring banks and switching fee paid to settlement agency on the basis of monthly statement and 100.0% penalty on the same;

·   Rs. 1.0 billion (March 31, 2024: Nil) pertaining to the Bank relates to order on levy GST under Reverse Charge Mechanism (RCM) on
reimbursement of expenses made by ICICI Bank India to its representative offices situated outside India; and

·   Rs. 0.8 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 1.0 billion) pertaining to the Bank relates to disallowance of CENVAT credit availed by the Bank
on deposit insurance premium paid by the Bank to Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (“ DICGC”).

Based on judicial precedents in case similar to
ICICI Group’s, and upon consultation with the tax counsel, we believe that it is more likely than not that our tax position will
be sustained and accordingly, no provision has been made in the accounts.

103

Table of Contents

The above contingent liabilities do not include
Rs. 133.7 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 141.1 billion), considered as remote and therefore, are not required to be disclosed as contingent
liability. Of the total disputed tax demands classified as remote, amount consisting of Rs. 60.2 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 19.0 billion)
pertains to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited mainly relating to disallowance of provision for insurance claims, disallowance
for non-deduction of tax on certain expenses, disallowance of exempt Income, non-payment of goods and services tax on co-insurance premium,
re-insurance commission, motor salvage and reimbursement, Rs. 49.5 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs.49.5 billion) pertains to the demand of
incorrect tax rate considered by tax authority for FY2021, Rs. 21.8 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 25.9 billion) pertained mainly to the
deduction of bad debts, broken period interest and levy of penalties which are covered by favorable Supreme Court of India decisions in
own/other cases, and Rs. 2.2 billion (March 31, 2024: Rs. 4.1 billion) pertains to error requiring rectification by tax authorities.

Litigation

A number of litigations and claims against ICICI
Bank and its directors are pending in various forums. The claims on ICICI Bank mainly arise in connection with civil cases involving allegations
of service deficiencies, property or labor disputes, fraudulent transactions, economic offences and other cases filed in the normal course
of business. We are also subject to counterclaims arising in connection with our enforcement of contracts and loans. A provision is created
where an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. In view of the inherent unpredictability
of litigation and for cases where the claim amount sought is substantial, the actual cost of resolving litigations may be substantially
different from the provision held.

We held a total provision of Rs. 1,085 million
at year-end fiscal 2025 for 696 cases with claims totaling to Rs. 2.4 billion, where an unfavorable outcome was deemed probable and in
respect of which a reliable estimate could be made.

For cases where an unfavorable outcome is deemed
to be reasonably possible but not probable, the amount of claims is included in contingent liabilities. At year-end fiscal 2025, such
claims amounted to a total of Rs. 3.7 billion relating to 73 cases. It was not possible to estimate the possible loss or range of possible
losses for these cases due to the nature of the cases and other external factors. For cases where the possibility of an unfavorable outcome
is deemed remote, we have not made a provision, nor have we included the amount of the claims in these cases in contingent liabilities.

In some instances, civil litigants have named
our directors as co-defendants in legal proceedings against ICICI Bank. There were 32 such cases at year-end fiscal 2025. Management believes,
based on consultation with counsel, that the claims and counterclaims filed against us in the above legal proceedings that are assessed
as remote are frivolous and untenable and their ultimate resolution will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition or liquidity. Based on a review of other litigations by Legal Group, management believes that the outcome of such
other matters will also not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

At year-end fiscal 2025, there were 159 ongoing
litigations (including those where the likelihood of our incurring liability is assessed as “probable”, “possible”
and “remote”), each involving a claim of Rs. 10 million or more against us, with an aggregate amount of Rs. 779.5 billion
(to the extent quantifiable and including amounts claimed jointly and severally from us and other parties).

For proceedings filed by the Ex-Managing Director
& CEO relating to her termination, see “
Risk Factors—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated
sector —The Board of Directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, taken action against the Ex-Managing Director
& CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have violated
applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory actions that may result in legal and reputation
risk for the Bank.”

104

Table of Contents

We cannot predict the timing or form of any future
regulatory or law enforcement initiatives, which we note are increasingly common for international banks, but we would expect to co-operate
with any such regulatory investigation or proceeding.

American Depositary Receipt Fees and Payments

Fees and Charges Payable by Holders of our ADSs

The fees and charges payable by holders of our
ADSs include the following:

i)   a fee not in excess of US$ 5.00 per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) is charged for the issuance of ADSs including issuances resulting
from distributions of shares, share dividends, share splits, bonuses and rights distributions;

ii)   a fee not in excess of US$ 5.00 per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) is charged for the surrender of ADSs in exchange for the underlying
deposited securities;

iii)   a fee not in excess of US$ 5.00 per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) is charged for distribution of cash dividends, cash entitlements
and/or cash proceeds, including proceeds from the sale of rights, securities and other entitlements; and

iv)   a fee for the distribution of the deposited securities pursuant to the deposit agreement, such fee being an amount equal to the fee
for the execution and delivery of ADSs referred to in item (i) above which would have been charged as a result of the deposit of such
securities, but which securities were instead distributed by the depositary, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, to ADR holders.

Additionally, under the terms of our deposit agreement,
the depositary is entitled to charge each registered holder the following:

i)   taxes and other governmental charges incurred by the depositary or the custodian on any ADS or an equity share underlying an ADS including
any applicable penalties thereon;

ii)   transfer or registration fees for the registration or transfer of deposited securities on any applicable register in connection with
the deposit or withdrawal of deposited securities, including those of a central depository for securities (where applicable);

iii)   any cable, telex, facsimile transmission and delivery expenses incurred by the depositary; and

iv)   customary expenses incurred by the depositary in the conversion of foreign currency, including, without limitation, expenses incurred
on behalf of registered holders in connection with compliance with foreign exchange control restrictions and other applicable regulatory
requirements, together with all expenses, transfer and registration fees, taxes, duties, governmental or other charges payable by the
depositary.

In the case of cash distributions, fees are generally
deducted from the cash being distributed. Other fees may be collected from holders of ADSs in a manner determined by the depositary with
respect to ADSs registered in the name of investors (whether certificated or in book-entry form) and ADSs held in brokerage and custodian
accounts (via DTC). In the case of distributions other than cash (i.e., stock dividends, etc.), the depositary charges the applicable
ADS record date holder concurrently with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of the investor (whether certificated
or in book-entry form), the depositary sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders.

If any tax or other governmental charge is payable
by the holders and/or beneficial owners of ADSs to the depositary, the depositary, the custodian or the Bank may withhold or deduct from
any distributions made in respect of deposited securities and may sell for the account of the holder and/or beneficial owner any or all
of

105

Table of Contents

the deposited securities and apply such distributions and sale proceeds
in payment of such taxes (including applicable interest and penalties) or charges, with the holder and the beneficial owner thereof remaining
fully liable for any deficiency.

Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary

Under the amendment to an agreement previously
entered into with the depositary, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the depositary pays certain amounts to us and waives fees and
expenses for services provided in exchange for the Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas acting as the depositary for the ADR program.
We may use these payments to cover annual expenses incurred by the Bank towards investor relations or other expenses related to the ongoing
maintenance of the ADR program. The amount of payment to us is tied to the amount of fees the depository collects from ADR holders, with
certain exceptions. The ADR program fee pertaining to fiscal 2024, which will be received in fiscal 2025 (net of withholding tax and other
outstanding invoice), is US$ 0.7 million.

106

Table of Contents

Selected Statistical
Information

The following information should be read together
with our financial statements included in this report as well as “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations”.

Average Balance Sheet

The average balances are the sum of daily average
balances outstanding. The yield on average interest-earning assets is the ratio of interest earned to average interest-earning assets.
The cost of average interest-bearing liabilities is the ratio of interest expended to average interest-bearing liabilities. The average
balances of advances include non-performing advances and are net of allowance for loan losses. We have re-calculated tax-exempt income
on a tax-equivalent basis. Other interest income, which includes interest on tax refunds and income from swaps has been bifurcated into
rupee and foreign currency amounts in order to facilitate the explanation of movements of rupee and foreign currency spreads and margins.
These swaps are not part of our trading portfolio and are undertaken by us to manage the market risk arising from our assets and liabilities.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the average balances of the assets and liabilities, which contribute to the major components of interest earned, interest expended
and net interest income.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2025
Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/ cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Assets:
Advances:
Rupee   Rs.   9,059,681   Rs.   844,091   9.32   %   Rs.   11,017,318   Rs.   1,108,708   10.06   %   Rs.   12,747,775   Rs.   1,272,610   9.98   %
Foreign currency   957,139   35,201   3.68   976,161   57,190   5.86   1,011,729   59,827   5.91
Total advances   10,016,820   879,292   8.78   11,993,479   1,165,898   9.72   13,759,504   1,332,437   9.68
Investments:
Investments in Government securities:
Rupee   3,591,054   238,048   6.63   4,471,598   316,780   7.08   5,170,395   372,849   7.21
Foreign currency   45,689   729   1.60   45,013   1,391   3.09   38,601   1,290   3.34
Total investment in Government securities   3,636,743   238,777   6.57   4,516,611   318,171   7.04   5,208,996   374,139   7.18
Other investments:
Rupee   632,296   37,070   5.86   875,898   57,784   6.60   1,456,207   94,060   6.46
Foreign currency   109,413   3,237   2.96   109,792   5,223   4.76   98,455   4,955   5.03
Total other investments   741,709   40,307   5.43   985,690   63,007   6.39   1,554,662   99,015   6.37
Total investments:
Rupee   4,223,350   275,118   6.51   5,347,496   374,566   7.00   6,626,602   466,909   7.05
Foreign currency   155,102   3,966   2.56   154,805   6,614   4.27   137,056   6,245   4.56
Total investments   4,378,452   279,084   6.37   5,502,301   381,180   6.93   6,763,658   473,154   7.00
Other interest-earning assets:
Lending with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   140,278   6,486   4.62   35,360   2,249   6.36   46,402   2,928   6.31
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total lending with the Reserve Bank of India   140,278   6,486   4.62   35,360   2,249   6.36   46,402   2,928   6.31
Repo lending:
Rupee   72,448   4,022   5.55   95,537   6,494   6.80   106,623   6,977   6.54
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total repo lending   72,448   4,022   5.55   95,537   6,494   6.80   106,623   6,977   6.54
Deposits in other banks:
Rupee   56,179   3,676   6.54   88,682   6,336   7.14   135,374   10,255   7.58
Foreign currency   254,380   7,667   3.01   154,610   9,780   6.33   229,839   12,201   5.31
Total deposits in other banks   310,559   11,343   3.65   243,292   16,116   6.62   365,213   22,456   6.15
Other assets:
Rupee   724,431   7,887   1.09   792,694   6,236   0.79   804,332   7,301   0.91
Foreign currency   216,547   4,802   2.22   182,952   6,831   3.73   207,346   7,604   3.67
Total other assets   940,978   12,689   1.35   975,646   13,067   1.34   1,011,678   14,905   1.47
Total other interest-earning assets:
Rupee   993,336   22,071   2.22   1,012,273   21,315   2.11   1,092,731   27,461   2.51
Foreign currency   470,927   12,469   2.65   337,562   16,611   4.92   437,185   19,805   4.53
Total other interest-earning assets   1,464,263   34,540   2.36   1,349,835   37,926   2.81   1,529,916   47,266   3.09
Other interest income:
Rupee   16,892   7,886   9,643
Foreign currency   894   2,380   942
Total other interest income   17,786   10,266   10,585
Interest-earning assets:
Rupee   14,276,367   1,158,172   8.11   17,377,087   1,512,475   8.70   20,467,108   1,776,623   8.68
Foreign currency   1,583,168   52,530   3.32   1,468,528   82,795   5.64   1,585,970   86,819   5.47
Total interest-earning assets   15,859,535   1,210,702   7.63   18,845,615   1,595,270   8.46   22,053,078   1,863,442   8.45
Fixed assets   108,042   117,172   142,321
Other assets   2,260,812   2,422,172   2,732,224
Total non-earning assets   2,368,854   2,539,344   2,874,545
Total assets   18,228,389   1,210,702   21,384,959   1,595,270   24,927,623   1,863,442
Liabilities:
Savings account deposits:
Rupee   3,430,647   108,593   3.17   3,576,469   113,510   3.17   3,940,259   124,488   3.16
Foreign currency   61,367   705   1.15   49,249   1,348   2.74   44,087   1,313   2.98
Total savings account deposits   3,492,014   109,298   3.13   3,625,718   114,858   3.17   3,984,346   125,801   3.16
Time deposits:
Rupee   5,735,631   277,636   4.84   7,266,625   453,667   6.24   8,474,332   565,769   6.68
Foreign currency   309,445   7,831   2.53   439,291   19,319   4.40   516,586   24,909   4.82
Total time deposits   6,045,076   285,467   4.72   7,705,916   472,986   6.14   8,990,918   590,678   6.57
Other demand deposits:
Rupee   1,210,898   1,369,772   1,554,323
Foreign currency   165,247   162,634   152,537
Total other demand deposits   1,376,145   1,532,406   1,706,860
Total deposits:
Rupee   10,377,176   386,229   3.72   12,212,866   567,177   4.64   13,968,914   690,257   4.94
Foreign currency   536,059   8,536   1.59   651,174   20,667   3.17   713,210   26,222   3.68
Total deposits   10,913,235   394,765   3.62   12,864,040   587,845   4.57   14,682,124   716,479   4.88
Long term borrowings:
Rupee   985,134   70,306   7.14   1,256,389   91,756   7.30   1,322,960   97,847   7.40
Foreign currency   309,409   10,848   3.51   283,052   14,500   5.12   274,068   13,046   4.76
Total long term borrowings   1,294,543   81,154   6.27   1,539,441   106,256   6.90   1,597,028   110,893   6.94
Short-term borrowings:
Borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   1,488   84   5.65   27,474   1,829   6.66   70,961   4,612   6.50
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   1,027   32   3.12
Total borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India   1,488   84   5.65   27,474   1,829   6.66   71,988   4,644   6.45
Repo borrowings:
Rupee   272,735   15,017   5.51   332,045   21,954   6.61   338,944   21,968   6.48
Foreign currency   6,996   258   3.69   4,492   306   6.81   3,522   237   6.73
Total repo borrowings   279,731   15,275   5.46   336,537   22,260   6.61   342,466   22,205   6.48
Other short term borrowings:
Rupee   128,586   8,266   6.43   178,801   13,743   7.69   338,440   25,765   7.61
Foreign currency   233,886   5,890   2.52   208,785   9,149   4.38   255,309   10,291   4.03
Total other short term borrowings   362,472   14,156   3.91   387,586   22,892   5.91   593,749   36,055   6.07
Short term borrowings:
Rupee   402,809   23,367   5.80   538,320   37,526   6.97   748,345   52,345   6.99
Foreign currency   240,882   6,148   2.55   213,277   9,455   4.43   259,858   10,560   4.06
Total short term borrowings   643,691   29,515   4.59   751,597   46,981   6.25   1,008,203   62,905   6.24
Total borrowings:
Rupee   1,387,943   93,673   6.75   1,794,709   129,282   7.20   2,071,305   150,192   7.25
Foreign currency   550,291   16,996   3.09   496,329   23,955   4.83   533,926   23,606   4.42
Total borrowings   1,938,234   110,669   5.71   2,291,038   153,237   6.69   2,605,231   173,798   6.67
Interest-bearing liabilities:
Rupee   11,765,119   479,902   4.08   14,007,575   696,459   4.97   16,040,219   840,449   5.24
Foreign currency   1,086,350   25,532   2.35   1,147,503   44,622   3.89   1,247,136   49,828   4.00
Total interest-bearing liabilities   12,851,469   505,434   3.93   15,155,078   741,082   4.89   17,287,355   890,277   5.15
Other liabilities   3,400,782   3,897,917   4,763,941
Total liabilities   16,252,251   505,434   19,052,995   741,082   22,051,296   890,277
Stockholders’ equity   1,976,138   2,331,964   2,876,327
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   Rs.   18,228,389   Rs.   505,434   Rs.   21,384,959   Rs.   741,082   Rs.   24,927,623   Rs.   890,277

__________________

(1)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period classification.

(2)   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. Accordingly, the average balance sheet for fiscal 2025 is not directly comparable with the previous periods.

107

Table of Contents

Analysis of Changes in Interest Earned and Interest Expended: Volume
and Rate Analysis

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the changes in the components of net interest income. The changes in net interest income between periods have been reflected
as attributed either to volume or rate changes. For the purpose of this table, changes which are due to both volume and rate have been
allocated solely to volume.

Fiscal 2024 vs. Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2025 vs. Fiscal 2024
Increase (decrease) due to   Increase (decrease) due to
Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate   Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate
(in millions)
Interest earned:
Advances:
Rupee   264,617   197,275   67,342   163,902   172,751   (8,849   )
Foreign currency   21,989   1,136   20,853   2,637   2,103   534
Total advances   286,606   198,411   88,195   166,539   174,854   (8,315   )
Investment:
Investment in Government securities:
Rupee   78,732   62,419   16,313   56,069   50,392   (5,677   )
Foreign currency   662   (19   )   681   (101   )   (214   )   113
Total investment in Government securities   79,394   62,400   16,994   55,968   50,178   (5,790   )
Other investments:
Rupee   20,714   (84,588   )   105,302   36,276   37,484   (1,208   )
Foreign currency   1,986   28   1,958   (268   )   (571   )   303
Total other investments   22,700   (84,560   )   107,260   36,015   36,913   (905   )
Total investments:
Rupee   99,448   78,563   20,885   92,343   90,126   2,217
Foreign currency   2,648   (8   )   2,656   (369   )   (814   )   440
Total investments   102,096   78,555   23,541   91,974   89,312   2,657
Other interest-earning assets:
Lending with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   (4,237   )   (6,678   )   2,441   679   697   (18   )
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total lending with the Reserve Bank of India   (4,237   )   (6,678   )   2,441   679   697   (18   )
Repo lending:
Rupee   2,472   1,568   904   483   725   (242   )
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total repo lending   2,472   1,568   904   483   725   (242   )
Deposits in other banks:
Rupee   2,660   2,320   340   3,919   3,537   382
Foreign currency   2,113   (6,321   )   8,434   2,421   3,994   (1,573   )
Total deposits in other banks   4,773   (4,001   )   8,774   6,340   7,531   (1,191   )
Other assets:
Rupee   (1,651   )   546   (2,197   )   1,065   106   959
Foreign currency   2,029   (1,249   )   3,278   773   895   (122   )
Total other assets   378   (703   )   1,081   1,838   1,001   837
Other interest-earning assets:
Rupee   (756   )   380   (1,136   )   6,146   2,022   4,124
Foreign currency   4,142   (6,552   )   10,694   3,194   4,513   (1,319   )
Total other interest earning assets   3,386   (6,172   )   9,558   9,340   6,535   2,805
Other interest income:
Rupee   (9,006   )   ..   (9,006   )   1,757   ..   1,757
Foreign currency   1,486   ..   1,486   (1,438   )   ..   (1,438   )
Other interest income   (7,520   )   ..   (7,520   )   319   ..   319
Total interest earned:
Rupee   354,303   276,218   78,085   264,148   264,899   (751   )
Foreign currency   30,265   (5,424   )   35,689   4,024   5,802   (1,783   )
Total interest earned   384,568   270,794   113,774   268,172   270,701   (2,534   )
Interest expense:
Savings account deposits:
Rupee   4,917   4,787   130   10,978   11,494   (516   )
Foreign currency   643   (331   )   974   (35   )   (154   )   119
Total savings account deposits   5,560   4,456   1,104   10,943   11,340   (397   )
Time deposits:
Rupee   176,031   95,551   80,480   112,102   80,630   31,472
Foreign currency   11,488   5,708   5,780   5,590   3,727   1,863
Total time deposits   187,519   101,259   86,260   117,692   84,357   33,335
Total deposits:
Rupee   180,948   100,338   80,610   123,080   92,124   30,956
Foreign currency   12,131   5,377   6,754   5,555   3,573   1,982
Total deposits   193,079   105,715   87,364   128,635   95,697   32,938
Borrowings:
Long term borrowings:
Rupee   21,450   19,843   1,607   6091   4,924   1,167
Foreign currency   3,652   (1,338   )   4,990   (1,454   )   (428   )   (1,026   )
Total long term borrowings   25,102   18,505   6,597   4,637   4,496   141
Borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   1,745   1,730   15   2,783   2,826   (43   )
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   32   32   ..
Total borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India   1,745   1,730   15   2,815   2,858   (43   )
Repo borrowings:
Rupee   6,937   3,932   3,005   14   447   (433   )
Foreign currency   48   (170   )   218   (69   )   (65   )   (4   )
Total repo borrowings   6,985   3,762   3,223   (55   )   382   (437   )
Other short term borrowings:
Rupee   5,477   3,862   1,615   12,022   12,153   (131   )
Foreign currency   3,259   (1,096   )   4,355   1,142   1,875   (733   )
Total other short term borrowings   8,736   2,766   5,970   13,164   14,028   (864   )
Short term borrowings:
Rupee   14,159   9,524   4,635   14,819   15,426   (607   )
Foreign currency   3,307   (1,266   )   4,573   1,105   1,842   (737   )
Total short term borrowings   17,466   8,258   9,208   15,924   17,268   (1,344   )
Total borrowings:
Rupee   35,609   29,315   6,294   20,910   20,056   854
Foreign currency   6,959   (2,596   )   9,555   (349   )   1,662   (2,011   )
Total borrowings   42,568   26,719   15,849   20,561   21,718   (1,157   )
Total interest expended:
Rupee   216,557   129,653   86,904   143,990   112,180   31,810
Foreign currency   19,090   2,781   16,309   5,206   5,235   (29   )
Total interest expended   235,647   132,434   103,213   149,196   117,415   31,781
Net interest income:
Rupee   137,746   146,565   (8,819   )   120,158   152,719   (32,561   )
Foreign currency   11,175   (8,205   )   19,380   (1,182   )   567   (1,754   )
Total net interest income   Rs.   148,921   Rs.   138,360   Rs.   10,561   Rs.   118,976   Rs.   153,286   Rs.   (34,315   )

Investment portfolio

Maturity profile wise yields on debt securities

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the maturity profile wise yields of our investments in debt securities classified as available-for-sale. This maturity profile is based
on repayment dates and does not reflect re-pricing dates of floating rate investments.

At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2025
Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years   Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years
Corporate debt securities   7.7   %   7.4   %   8.4   %   8.2   %   7.2   %   7.4   %   8.2   %   6.0   %
Government securities   7.0   6.9   7.7   7.3   6.6   6.6   7.2   7.1
Other securities   8.5   8.7   8.5   8.6   7.7   8.3   8.3   8.3
Total debt securities (1)   7.3   %   7.3   %   8.3   %   7.8   %   7.0   %   7.0   %   7.4   %   7.9   %

__________________

(1)   Includes securities denominated in different currencies.

(2)   Maturity profile is based on residual maturity from the balance sheet date.

(3)   In September 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued new guidelines on “Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment
Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2023”, which have become effective as of April, 2024. The implementation of these Master
Direction has resulted in reclassification of the existing investment portfolio of the Bank. Accordingly, the previous period information
may not be directly comparable with fiscal 2025. Schedule 17: Significant Accounting Policy provides a detailed explanation of the changes
to the accounting policy as a result of this Master Direction.

(4)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period classification.

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the maturity profile-wise yields of our investments in debt securities classified as held-to-maturity. This maturity profile is based
on repayment dates and does not reflect re-pricing dates of floating rate investments.

108

Table of Contents

At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2025
Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years   Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years
Corporate debt securities   6.7   %   7.6   %   7.6   %   7.4   %   7.0   %   7.0   %   7.5   %   7.1   %
Government securities   7.1   6.7   7.3   7.2   7.4   7.2   7.2   7.0
Other securities   7.7   ..   ..   ..   7.6   ..   ..   ..
Total debt securities (1)   7.1   %   6.9   %   7.4   %   7.2   %   7.3   %   7.1   %   7.2   %   7.0   %

__________________

(1)   Includes securities denominated in different currencies.

(2)   Maturity profile is based on residual maturity from the balance sheet date.

(3)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period
classification .

Investment portfolio of our overseas branches
and banking subsidiaries

The following table sets forth a summary of the
investment portfolio of our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries based on the category of investments.

At March 31
Category   2024   2025
(in millions)
Bonds
Banks and financial institutions   Rs.   25,672   Rs.   18,723
Corporate   49,648   47,397
Total bonds   75,320   66,120
Asset backed securities   ..   ..
Others (1)   5,422   5,556
Total   Rs.   80,742   Rs.   71,676

__________________

(1)   Includes investments in certificates of deposits.

Investment in India-linked securities of corporate
entities was 53.0% at year-end fiscal 2025 as compared to 47.4% at year-end fiscal 2024.

The investments in these securities are governed
by the respective investment policies of ICICI Bank and its banking subsidiaries. To mitigate significant concentrations in credit risk,
the investment policy lays down a number of limits that need to be adhered to before investments can be made. The investment policy lays
down rating and issuer wise investment limits at each of these units. Further, there are counterparty limits for individual banks and
financial institutions. Country exposure limits have also been established for various countries. In addition, ICICI Bank monitors the
credit spread risk arising out of such investments, and ICICI Bank UK has instituted credit spread sensitivity limits on its portfolio.
Any exceptions to the above limits are made with due approvals from the appropriate forums. ICICI Bank has not bought credit protection
against any of its international investments.

Investments in corporate and financial sector debt
securities by our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
investments in corporate and financial sector debt securities and mortgage and asset backed securities by our overseas branches and banking
subsidiaries by region and the mark-to-market and realized losses thereon.

109

Table of Contents

At March 31, 2025
Bonds (1)   Others   Total
Trading   Available- for-sale and held-to- maturity   Trading   Available- for-sale and held-to- maturity   Trading   Available- for-sale and held-to- maturity   Mark-to- market gain/ (loss) in fiscal 2025   Realized gain/(loss)/ Impairment loss in income statement for fiscal 2025   Mark-to- market gain/ (loss) at March 31, 2025
(Rs. in millions)
U.S.   ..   2,195   ..   ..   ..   2,195   133   (50   )   (107   )
Canada   ..   18,801   ..   ..   ..   18,801   ..   60   ..
Europe   ..   82   ..   ..   ..   82   4   ..   (5   )
India   2,353   41,473   ..   ..   2,353   41473   152   81   127
Rest of Asia   ..   458   ..   5,556   ..   6,014   27   (11   )   (10   )
Others   ..   758   ..   ..   ..   758   (46   )   1   (46   )
Total portfolio   2,353   63,767   ..   5,556   2,353   69,323   270   81   (41   )

__________________

(1) Includes corporate bonds classified under loans and receivables by our Canadian subsidiary.

At March 31, 2024
Bonds (1),   Others   Total
Trading   Available- for-sale and held-to- maturity   Trading   Available- for-sale and held-to- maturity   Trading   Available- for-sale and held-to- maturity   Mark-to- market gain/ (loss) in fiscal 2024   Realized gain/(loss)/ Impairment loss in income statement for fiscal 2024   Mark-to- market gain/ (loss) at March 31, 2024
(Rs. in millions)
U.S.   ..   3,032   ..   ..   ..   3,032   (11   )   (5   )   (235   )
Canada   ..   20,945   ..   ..   ..   20,945   ..   ..
Europe   ..   78   ..   ..   ..   78   35   (7   )   (8   )
India   ..   49,226   ..   ..   ..   49,226   546   (482   )   (26   )
Rest of Asia   ..   1,322   ..   5,422   ..   6,744   (10   )   ..   (38   )
Others   ..   717   ..   ..   ..   717   ..   ..   ..
Total portfolio   ..   75,320   ..   5,422   ..   80,742   560   (494   )   (307   )

__________________

(1) Includes corporate bonds classified under loans and receivables by our Canadian subsidiary.

Funding

Our funding operations are designed to ensure
stability of funding, minimize funding costs and effectively manage liquidity. Our primary source of domestic funding is deposits raised
from both retail and corporate customers. We also raise funds through short-term rupee borrowings, refinance borrowings and domestic or
overseas bond offerings. Our domestic bond borrowings include long-term bond borrowings for financing infrastructure projects and affordable
housing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. See also “Business
—Overview of Our Products and Services—Commercial
Banking for Retail Customers—Retail Deposits”.

Maturity profile of deposits

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the contractual maturity profile of deposits, by type of deposit at March 31, 2025.

110

Table of Contents

Up to one year   After one year and within three years   After three years   Total
(in millions)
Interest-bearing deposits:
Savings deposits (1)   Rs.   4,442,543   ..   ..   Rs.   4,442,543
Time deposits   7,335,737   1,946,581   315,951   9,598,268
Non-interest-bearing deposits:
Other demand deposits (1)   2,375,563   ..   ..   2,375,563
Total deposits   Rs.   14,153,842   Rs.   1,946,581   Rs.   315,951   Rs.   16,416,374

__________________

(1)   Savings and other demand deposits are payable on demand and hence are classified in the ‘Up to one year’ category.

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the contractual maturity profile of deposits, by type of deposit at March 31, 2024.

Up to one year   After one year and within three years   After three years   Total
(in millions)
Interest-bearing deposits:
Savings deposits (1)   Rs.   4,060,887   ..   ..   Rs.   4,060,887
Time deposits   6,268,361   1,723,964   394,402   8,386,727
Non-interest-bearing deposits:
Other demand deposits (1)   1,988,185   ..   ..   1,988,185
Total deposits   Rs.   12,317,434   Rs.   1,723,964   Rs.   394,402   Rs.   14,435,800

__________________

(1) Savings and other demand deposits
are payable on demand and hence are classified in the ‘Up to one year’ category.

The maturity profile in fiscal 2025 shows a shift
towards shorter-term maturities as compared to fiscal 2024. The shift is mainly due to changes in our peak retail term deposits interest
rate offering, from longer-term deposits of three years and above, to medium-term deposits of 15 months to two years, as well as an increase
in wholesale term deposits of shorter maturities, reflecting our strategy to reduce the duration of our liabilities.

Uninsured deposits

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the estimated amount of time deposits that exceed the insurance limit, segregated by remaining maturity
and the estimated amount of total deposits that are otherwise uninsured:

At March 31, 2025
3 months or less   Over 3 months through 6 months   Over 6 months through 12 months   Over 12 months   Total
(in millions)
Uninsured time deposits
India   Rs.   2,369,068   Rs.   1,454,244   Rs.   2,715,002   Rs.   1,844,031   Rs.   8,382,345
Outside India   130,190   36,279   35,805   12,082   214,356
Total uninsured time deposits   Rs.   2,499,258   Rs.   1,490,523   Rs.   2,750,807   Rs.   1,856,113   Rs.   8,596,701

At March 31, 2024
3 months or less   Over 3 months through 6 months   Over 6 months through 12 months   Over 12 months   Total
(in millions)
Uninsured time deposits
India   Rs.   1,982,011   Rs.   1,181,139   Rs.   2,346,825   Rs.   1,687,351   Rs.   7,197,326
Outside India   82,916   32,824   39,219   11,580   166,539
Total uninsured time deposits   Rs.   2,064927   Rs.   1,213,963   Rs.   2,386,044   Rs.   1,698,931   Rs.   7,363,865

111

Table of Contents

Total uninsured deposits
at March 31, 2025 were Rs. 13,174,634 million and at March 31, 2024 were Rs. 11,284,612 million.

The classifications among
“in India” and “outside India” are based on the domicile of the booking unit. In India, the insured deposit calculations
are based on guidelines prescribed by Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation. The insured amount limit prescribed by Deposit
Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation is up to a maximum amount of Rs. 500,000 per depositor (including all types of deposits), per
insured bank. The standard insurance amount for time deposits outside India is based on the insurance limits approved by the regulator
in the respective foreign jurisdiction. The insurance coverage is allocated first to savings account deposits, then to current account
deposits and lastly to time deposits of a depositor. For time deposits, the highest residual maturity buckets are considered for allocation
of insurance coverage.

Risk Management

Asset liability gap

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
our asset-liability gap position.

At March 31, 2025 (1)
Less than or equal to one year   Greater than one year and up to five years   Greater than five years   Total
(in millions)
Advances (loans), net   Rs.   12,382,050   Rs.   1,734,238   Rs.   91,348   Rs.   14,206,636
Investments   1,240,362   2,252,623   5,370,784   8,863,769
Other assets (2)   1,476,371   99,165   1,621,939   3,197,475
Total assets   Rs.   15,098,973   Rs.   4,086,026   Rs.   7,083,071   Rs.   2,62,67,880

Capital   0   0   3,139,059   3,139,059
Borrowings   1,445,321   524,016   219,497   2,188,834
Deposits   9,344,200   7,056,500   15,674   16,416,374
Other liabilities (3)   16,807   0   4,661,340   4,678,147
Total liabilities   Rs.   10,806,328   Rs.   7,580,516   Rs.   8,035,570   Rs.   26,422,414
Total gap before risk management positions   4,292,455   (3,494,490   )   (952,499   )   (154,534   )
Off-balance sheet positions (4)   (51,980   )   22,270   86,766   57,056
Total gap after risk management positions   Rs.   4,240,475   Rs.   (3,472,220   )   Rs.   (865,733   )   Rs.   (97,478   )

__________________

(1)   Includes investments in the nature of equity, cash and cash equivalents and miscellaneous assets and liabilities. Assets and liabilities
are classified into the applicable categories based on residual maturity or re-pricing whichever is earlier. Classification methodologies
are generally based on asset liability management guidelines, including behavioral studies, as per local policy/regulatory norms of the
entities. Items other than current and savings account deposits that neither re-price nor have a defined maturity are included in the
‘greater than five years’ category. Fixed assets (other than leased assets) have been excluded from the above table. Current
and savings account deposits are classified based on behavior study.

(2)   Includes cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and short notice and other assets.

(3)   Includes minority interest, liabilities on policy in force, and other liabilities and provisions.

(4)   Off-balance sheet positions comprise net notional amount of derivatives, including foreign exchange forward contracts.

112

Table of Contents

At March 31, 2024 (1)
Less than or equal to one year   Greater than one year and up to five years   Greater than five years   Total
(in millions)
Advances (loans), net   Rs.   10,820,538   Rs.   1,687,195   Rs.   100,029   Rs.   12,607,762
Investments   1,506,324   1,854,689   4,910,611   8,271,625
Other assets (2)   903,051   117,291   1,611,133   2,631,474
Total assets   13,229,913   3,659,175   6,621,773   23,510,861
Capital   ..   ..   2,561,438   2,561,438
Borrowings   1,212,171   607,997   254,112   2,074,280
Deposits   8,055,617   6,365,844   14,339   14,435,800
Other liabilities (3)   8,975   1,393   4,558,744   4,569,112
Total liabilities   9,276,763   6,975,234   7,388,633   23,640,630
Total gap before risk management positions   3,953,150   (3,316,059   )   (766,861   )   (129,769   )
Off-balance sheet positions (4)   (235,047   )   202,846   38,304   6,103
Total gap after risk management positions   Rs.   3,718,103   Rs.   (3,113,213   )   Rs.   (728,557   )   Rs.   (123,666   )

__________________

(1)   Includes investments in the nature of equity, cash and cash equivalents and miscellaneous assets and liabilities. Assets and liabilities
are classified into the applicable categories based on residual maturity or re-pricing whichever is earlier. Classification methodologies
are generally based on asset liability management guidelines, including behavioral studies, as per local policy/regulatory norms of the
entities. Items other than current and savings account deposits that neither re-price nor have a defined maturity are included in the
‘greater than five years’ category. Fixed assets (other than leased assets) have been excluded from the above table. Current
and savings account deposits are classified based on behavior study.

(2)   Includes cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and short notice and other assets.

(3)   Includes minority interest, liabilities on policy in force, and other liabilities and provisions.

(4)   Off-balance sheet positions comprise net notional amount of derivatives, including foreign exchange forward contracts.

Impact of interest rate movement

The following table sets forth, using the balance
sheet at year-end fiscal 2025 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of adverse changes in interest rates on net interest
income for fiscal 2026, assuming a parallel shift in the yield curve at year-end fiscal 2025.

At March 31, 2025
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
(100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Rupee portfolio   Rs.   (41,755   )   Rs.   (20,878   )   Rs.   20,878   Rs.   41,755
Foreign currency portfolio   (3,893   )   (1,947   )   1,947   3,893
Total   Rs.   (45,648   )   Rs.   (22,824   )   Rs.   22,824   Rs.   45,648

Based on our asset and liability position at year-end
fiscal 2025, the sensitivity model shows that net interest income from the banking book for fiscal 2025 would rise by Rs. 45 billion if
interest rates increased by 100 basis points. Conversely, the sensitivity model shows that if interest rates decreased by 100 basis points,
net interest income for fiscal 2025 would fall by an equivalent amount of Rs. 45 billion.

The following table sets forth, using the balance
sheet at year-end fiscal 2024 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of adverse changes in interest rates on net interest
income for fiscal 2025, assuming a parallel shift in the yield curve at year-end fiscal 2024.

113

Table of Contents

At March 31, 2024
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
(100)   (100)   (100)   (100)
(in millions)
Rupee portfolio   Rs.   (36,258   )   Rs.   (18,129   )   Rs.   18,129   Rs.   36,258
Foreign currency portfolio   (1,139   )   (569   )   569   1,139
Total   Rs.   (37,396   )   Rs.   (18,698   )   Rs.   18,698   Rs.   37,396

Based on our asset and liability
position at year-end fiscal 2024, the sensitivity model showed that net interest income from the banking book for fiscal 2024 would rise
by Rs. 37 billion if interest rates increased by 100 basis points. Conversely, the sensitivity model showed that if interest rates decreased
by 100 basis points, net interest income for fiscal 2024 would fall by an equivalent amount of Rs. 37 billion. Sensitivity analysis, which
is based upon static interest rate risk profile of assets and liabilities, is used for risk management purposes only and the model above
assumes that during the course of the year no other changes are made in the respective portfolios. Actual changes in net interest income
will vary from the model.

Price Risk (Trading Book)

The following table sets forth, using the fixed
income portfolio at year-end fiscal 2025 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in interest rates on the value
of our fixed income held-for-trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in interest rate curve.

At March 31, 2025
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Rupee
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Indian government securities   Rs.   602,044   Rs.   26,514   Rs.   13,319   Rs.   (13,298   )   Rs.   (26,479   )
Rupee corporate debt securities   414,277   7,863   3,940   (3,937   )   (7,858   )
Total   Rs.   1,016,321   Rs.   34,377   Rs.   17,259   Rs.   (17,235   )   Rs.   (34,337   )

At March 31, 2025
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Foreign currency
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Foreign government securities   Rs.   35,782   Rs.   27   Rs.   14   Rs.   (14   )   Rs.   (27   )
Foreign corporate debt securities…   2,353   69   34   (34   )   (69   )
Total   Rs.   38,135   Rs.   96   Rs.   48   Rs.   (48   )   Rs.   (96   )

The following table sets forth, using the fixed
income portfolio at year-end fiscal 2024 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in interest rates on the value
of our fixed income held-for-trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in interest rate curve.

At March 31, 2024
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Rupee
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Indian government securities   Rs.   467,097   Rs.  21,441   Rs.   10,784   Rs.   (10,772)   Rs.   (21,411)
Rupee corporate debt securities   322,838   4,778   2,397   (2,392   )   (4,772   )
Total   Rs.   789,935   Rs. 26,219   Rs.   13,181   Rs.   (13,164)   Rs.   (26,183)

At March 31, 2024
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Foreign currency
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Foreign government securities   Rs.   33,139   Rs.   38   Rs.   19   Rs.   (19   )   Rs.   (38   )
Foreign corporate debt securities   334   .   ..   ..   ..
Total   Rs.   33,473   Rs.   38   Rs.   19   Rs.   (19   )   Rs.   (38   )

114

Table of Contents

Value at risk on equity shares (Proprietary trading
book)

ICICI Bank computes value-at-risk using historical
simulation model for limit monitoring purposes. The value-at-risk is calculated using the previous one-year market data at a 99% confidence
level and a holding period of one day.

The following table sets forth the high, low,
average and period-end value-at-risk for the equities portfolio of the proprietary trading group of ICICI Bank for fiscal 2024 and fiscal
2025.

Fiscal
2024   At March
31, 2024   Fiscal
2025   At March
31, 2025
High   Low   Average   High   Low   Average
Rs. in million
Value-at-risk   111.7   0.7   56.6   60.8   118.2   0.7   51.1   24.9

We monitor the effectiveness of the value-at-risk
model by regularly back-testing its performance. Statistically, we would expect to see hypothetical losses in the treasury portfolio in
excess of value-at-risk only one percent of the time over a one-year period i.e, where hypothetical losses in the treasury portfolio exceeds
value-at-risk in three instances. During fiscal 2025, there were five instances of hypothetical loss exceeding the value-at-risk estimates
for the equities portfolio of the proprietary trading group. The Bank also conducts periodic internal stress testing for its treasury
portfolios including its equity portfolio. Based on the results of the internal stress testing assessment conducted by the Bank, the Bank
believes it is adequately capitalized.

The following table sets forth a comparison of
the hypothetical daily profit/(loss), computed on the assumption of no intra-day trading, and value-at-risk calculated using the historical
simulation model during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025.

Fiscal 2024 Average   At March 31, 2024   Fiscal 2025 Average   At March 31, 2025
Rs. in million
Hypothetical daily profit(loss)   6.0   37.6   9.4   (10.7   )
Value-at-risk   56.6   60.8   51.1   24.9

The high and low hypothetical daily profit/(loss)
in the equity portfolio of Proprietary trading book during fiscal 2025 was Rs. 346.0 million and Rs. (177.0) million respectively.

While value-at-risk is an important tool for measuring market risk
under normal market conditions, it has inherent limitations that should be taken into account, including its inability to accurately predict
future losses when extreme events are affecting the markets, because it is based on the assumption that historical market data is indicative
of future market performance. Moreover, different value-at-risk calculation methods use different assumptions and hence may produce different
results. For example, computing value-at-risk at the close of the business day would exclude intra-day risk. There is also a general possibility
that the value-at-risk model may not fully capture all the risks present in the portfolio.

Derivatives and Foreign Exchange Risk (Trading)

The following table sets forth, using the outstanding
notional principal of trading derivatives and foreign exchange portfolio at year-end as the base, one possible prediction of the impact
of changes in interest rates on the value of our trading derivatives and foreign exchange portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in interest
rate curve.

115

Table of Contents

At March 31, 2025
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
Portfolio Size (1)   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Interest rate derivatives   Rs.   51,894,372   Rs.   (10,960   )   Rs.   (4,796   )   Rs.   4,796   Rs.   10,960
Currency derivatives (2)   6,104,786   (99   )   (49   )   49   99
Foreign exchange   16,813,604   175   88   (88   )   (175   )
Total   Rs.   74,812,762   Rs.   (10,884   )   Rs.   (4,757   )   Rs.   4,757   Rs.   10,884

__________________

1.   Notional principal

2.   Includes futures, options and cross currency interest rate swaps

At March 31, 2024
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
Portfolio Size (1)   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Interest rate derivatives   Rs.   35,484,180   Rs.   (13,461   )   Rs.   (6,740   )   Rs.   6,733   Rs.   13,466
Currency derivatives (2)   3,383,481   607   303   (303   )   (607   )
Foreign exchange   15,524,964   64   32   (32   )   (64   )
Total   Rs.   54,392,625   Rs.   (12,790   )   Rs.   (6,405   )   Rs.   6,398   Rs.   12,795

__________________

1.   Notional principal

2.   Includes futures, options and cross currency interest rate swaps

The following table sets forth the possible prediction
of the impact of change in foreign exchange rates on the value of the net open position of ICICI Group.

At March 31, 2025
Change in foreign exchange rates on the value of the net open position (in basis points)
Net open position (1)   (100)   100
(in millions)
Total open position for ICICI Group   Rs.   9,990   Rs.   (4,764   )   Rs.   13,379

At March 31, 2024
Change in foreign exchange rates on the value of the net open position (in basis points)
Net open position   (100)   100
(in millions)
Total open position for ICICI Group   Rs.   3,202   Rs.   14,938   Rs.   4,562

__________________

1.   Net open position is computed as per the Reserve Bank of India regulatory requirement.

Credit spread risk

The following table sets forth, using our held-for-trading
portfolio at year-end as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in credit spreads on the value of the trading portfolio,
assuming a parallel shift in credit spreads.

At March 31, 2025
Change in credit spread (in basis points)
Portfolio Size   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   416,630   Rs.   7,932   Rs.   3,975   Rs.   (3,971   )   Rs.   (7,927   )

At March 31, 2024
Change in credit spread (in basis points)
Portfolio Size   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   323,172   Rs.   4,778   Rs.   2,397   Rs.   (2,392   )   Rs.   (4,772   )

116

Table of Contents

Loan Concentration

We follow a policy of portfolio diversification
and evaluate our total financing exposure to a particular industry in the light of our forecasts of growth and profitability for that
industry. ICICI Bank’s policy is to limit its portfolio to any particular industry (other than retail loans) to 15.0% of its total
exposure. In addition, we have a framework for managing concentration risk with respect to single borrower and group exposures, based
on the internal rating and track- record of the borrowers. See also
-“Risk Management—Credit Risk”.
 The exposure
limits for lower rated borrowers and groups are substantially lower than the regulatory limits.

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
the composition of our gross advances.

At March 31,
2024 (3)   2025
Amount   As a %   Amount   Amount   As a %
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance (1)   Rs.   7,062,309   55.0   %   Rs.   7,646,497   US$   89,506   53.1%
Wholesale / Retail trade   789,113   6.2   965,633   11,303   6.7
Services—finance   720,361   5.6   836,247   9,789   5.8
Rural retail   776,980   6.1   814,661   9,536   5.7
Services -  Non finance   362,649   2.8   489,742   5,733   3.4
Real Estate Activities   397,714   3.1   484,056   5,666   3.4
Road, port, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   376,092   2.9   387,282   4,533   2.7
Manufacturing products (excluding metal)   221,484   1.7   299,846   3,510   2.1
Electronics & engineering   194,639   1.5   270,246   3,163   1.9
Construction   182,248   1.4   216,476   2,534   1.5
Textile   151,673   1.2   201,298   2,356   1.4
Iron and steel (including iron and steel products)   172,419   1.3   186,084   2,178   1.3
Gems & jewellery   128,838   1.0   156,376   1,830   1.1
Food & beverages   111,841   0.9   144,353   1,690   1.0
Power   138,533   1.1   126,853   1,485   0.9
Crude petroleum/refining & petrochemicals   148,943   1.2   115,090   1,347   0.8
Others (2)   894,624   7.0   1,048,554   12,275   7.3
Gross advances (loans)   12,830,460   100.0   %   14,389,294   168,434   100.0%
Allowance for advances (loan) losses   (222,698   )   (182,657   )   (2,138   )
Net advances (loans)   Rs.   12,607,762   Rs.   14,206,637   US$   166,296

__________________

1.   Includes home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, personal loans, credit cards, two wheeler loans and loans against
securities.

2.   Primarily include developer financing portfolio, mining, cement, drugs and pharmaceuticals, shipping, metal and metal products (excluding
iron and steel), chemicals and fertilizers, automobiles and fast-moving consumer goods.

3.   Prior period figures have been re-grouped, where necessary.

Our capital allocation is focused on building
a granular portfolio and sustainably improving our portfolio quality. Gross retail finance advances increased by 8.3% in fiscal 2025 compared
to an increase of 12.1% in total gross advances in fiscal 2025. As a result, retail finance decreased from 55.0% of gross loans at year-end
fiscal 2024 to 53.1% of gross loans at year-end fiscal 2025.

117

Table of Contents

At year-end fiscal 2025, our 20 largest borrowers
accounted for 5.2% of our gross loan portfolio, with the largest borrower accounting for 1.8% of our gross loan portfolio. The largest
group of companies under the same management control accounted for 1.2% of our gross loan portfolio at year-end fiscal 2025.

Maturity profile of loans

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the maturity profile of loans net of allowance for losses

March 31, 2025
Due within 1 year   Due between 1 to 5 year   Due between 5 to 15 years   Due in more than 15 years   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   4,390,424   Rs.   1,180,311   Rs.   485706   Rs.   12,404   Rs.   6,068,845
Consumer loans   1,636,133   3,000,340   2,690,460   810,859   8,137,792
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   Rs.   6,026,557   Rs.   4,180,651   Rs.   3,176,166   Rs.   823,263   Rs.   14,206,637

March 31, 2024
Due within 1 year   Due between 1 to 5 year   Due between 5 to 15 years   Due in more than 15 years   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   3,451,657   Rs.   1,105,331   Rs.   490,892   Rs.   25,105   Rs.   5,072,985
Consumer loans   1,489,622   2,996,428   2,146,488   902,205   7,534,743
Lease financing   34   ..   ..   ..   34
Total   Rs.   4,941,313   Rs.   4,101,759   Rs.   2,637,380   Rs.   927,310   Rs.   12,607,762

Loan portfolio – by fixed or variable
interest rate

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the amount of our loans with residual contractual maturities greater than one year that had fixed and variable interest rates.

At March 31, 2025
Fixed rate loans   Variable rate loans   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   126,029   Rs.   1,552,392   Rs.   1,678,421
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   2,175,469   4,326,190   6,501,659
Lease financing   —   —   —
Total loans with maturity greater than 1 year   Rs.   2,301,498   Rs.   5,878,582   Rs.   8,180,080

At March 31, 2024
Fixed rate loans   Variable rate loans   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   101,895   Rs.   1,519,433   Rs.   1,621,328
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   2,143,200   3,901,921   6,045,121
Lease financing   —   —   —
Total loans with maturity greater than 1 year   Rs.   2,245,095   Rs.   5,421,354   Rs.   7,666,449

Directed Lending

The Reserve Bank of India requires banks to lend
to certain sectors of the economy. Such directed lending comprises priority sector lending and export credit. ICICI Bank is required to
comply with the priority sector lending requirements prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. As prescribed in the Reserve
Bank of India

118

Table of Contents

guideline, the Bank’s priority sector lending achievement
is computed on quarterly average basis. During fiscal 2025, the Bank purchased Priority Sector Lending Certificates amounting to Rs.
1,183.68 billion (fiscal 2024: Rs. 1,097.28 billion) and sold Priority Sector Lending Certificates amounting to Rs. 1,228.89 billion
(fiscal 2024: Rs. 880.56 billion). See also
“Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Loans and Advances—Directed Lending—Priority Sector Lending”.

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, ICICI Bank’s average priority sector lending:

Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2025
Amount   % of adjusted net bank credit   Amount   % of adjusted net bank credit   Target (% of adjusted net bank credit)
(in billions, except percentages)
Agriculture Sector   Rs.   1,739.9   18.13   %   Rs.   2,025.15   US$   23.7   18.00   %   18.00   %
- Small and marginal farmers   1,041.4   10.85   %   1,197.77   14.0   10.65   %   10.00   %
- Non-corporate farmers   1,378.2   14.36   %   1,627.61   19.1   14.47   %   13.78   %
Micro, small and medium enterprises   2,100.0   —   2,640.66   30.9
- Micro enterprises   792.7   8.26   %   882.04   10.3   7.84   %   7.50   %
Other priority sector   102.3   —   253.86   3.0
Total priority sector lending   Rs.   3,942.3   41.07   %   Rs.   4,919.67   US$   57.6   43.72   %   40.00   %
- Weaker sections   Rs.   1,157.2   12.05   %   Rs.   1,377.63   US$   16.1   12.24   %   12.00   %

The priority sector lending master circular issued
by the Reserve Bank of India requires that banks having any shortfall in lending to priority sector shall be allocated amounts for contribution
to the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund established with National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development and other Funds as decided
by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. The Bank may be required by the Reserve Bank of India to deposit with the Rural Infrastructure
Development Fund and other related funds, certain amounts as specified by the Reserve Bank of India in the coming year due to the shortfall
in the above-mentioned sub-categories of priority sector lending targets. At year-end fiscal 2025, our total investment in funds of government
sponsored development banks due to shortfall in lending to priority sectors was Rs. 134.93 billion, which was fully eligible for consideration
in overall priority sector achievement.

Export Credit

The Reserve Bank of India requires banks to make
loans to exporters at concessional interest rates as part of directed lending. Export credit is provided for pre-shipment and post-shipment
requirements of exporter borrowers in rupees and foreign currencies. Export credit in the agriculture, micro, small and medium enterprises
sectors is permitted to be categorized as priority sector lending. Additionally, the Export credit is extended as priority sector lending
basis the classification criteria specified by the Reserve Bank of India. The interest income earned on export credits is supplemented
through fees and commissions earned from these exporter customers from other fee-based products and services taken by them from us, such
as foreign exchange products and bill handling. As at March 31, 2025, ICICI Bank’s export credit was Rs. 158.32 billion, which amounted
to 1.35% of the Bank’s adjusted net bank credit.

Non-performing loans

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
gross (net of write-offs, interest suspense and derivatives income reversal) non-performing loans by borrowers’ industry or economic
activity and as a percentage of total non-performing loans.

119

Table of Contents

At March 31,
2024   2025
Amount   As a percentage of non-performing loans   Amount   Amount   As a percentage of non-performing loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance (1)   Rs.   87,612   31.3   %   Rs.   90,386   US$   1,058   37.1   %
Rural finance   42,550   15.2   43,396   508   17.8
Construction   40,403   14.4   11,529   135   4.7
Crude petroleum/refining and petrochemicals   16,876   6.0   16,912   198   7.0
Electronics and engineering   12,557   4.5   12,653   148   5.2
Mining   11,957   4.3   3,510   41   1.4
Services—non finance   11,828   4.2   6,798   80   2.8
Roads, ports, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   9,773   3.5   8,654   101   3.6
Wholesale/retail trade   8,560   3.1   14,257   167   5.9
Iron/steel and products   4,661   1.7   4,484   52   1.8
Power   4,444   1.6   3,857   45   1.6
Gems & jewellery   3,031   1.1   2,393   28   1.0
Manufacturing products (excluding metal)   902   0.3   1,417   17   0.6
Other Industries (2)   24,454   8.8   23,064   270   9.5
Gross non-performing loans   Rs.   279,608   100.0   %   Rs.   243,310   US$   2,848   100.0   %
Aggregate provision for loan losses   (221,249   )   (181,756   )   (2,128   )
Net non-performing loans   Rs.   58,359   Rs.   61,554   US$   720

__________________

(1)   Includes home loans, commercial business loans, rural loans, automobile loans, business banking, credit cards, personal loans, loans
against securities and dealer financing portfolio.

(2)   Other industries primarily include developer financing portfolio, automobiles, cement, shipping, food and beverages, chemical and
fertilizers, textile, drugs and pharmaceuticals, metal and products (excluding iron and steel) services – finance and fast-moving
consumer goods.

See
“Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Executive
Summary—Certain Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations—Trends in fiscal 2025
”.

Restructured loans

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
gross restructured loans by borrowers’ industry or economic activity and as a percentage of total gross restructured loans.

At March 31,
2024   2025
Amount   As a percentage of restructured loans   Amount   Amount   As a percentage of restructured loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance   Rs.   30,531   85.6   %   Rs.   21,587   US$   253   91.5   %
Power   —   —   —   —   —
Roads, port, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   2,635   7.4   255   US$   3   1.1   %
Construction   1,607   4.5   1,351   US$   16   5.7   %
Others (1)   907   2.5   405   US$   4   1.7   %
Gross restructured loans   Rs.   35,680   100.0   %   Rs.   23,598   US$   276   100.0   %
Aggregate provision for loan losses   (1,443   )   (900   )   11
Net restructured loans (2)   Rs.   34,237   Rs.   22,698   US$   265

__________________

(1)   Others primarily include automobile, textiles, food and beverages, wholesale/retail trade, services-non finance, services-finance,
manufacturing products (excluding metal) and gems and jewellery.

120

Table of Contents

(2)   In addition, the Bank holds general provision amounting to Rs. 6.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 (year-end fiscal 2024: Rs. 9.0
billion) on these restructured loans, subject to minimum provisioning requirement as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of
India.

Key ratios-Asset quality

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, our key ratios on asset quality.

At or
for the year ended March 31,
2024   2025
(Rs.
in millions, except percentages)
Gross restructured loans as a percentage of gross loans   0.28%   0.16%
-Gross restructured loans   35,680   23,598
-Total gross loans   12,830,460   14,389,294
Gross non-performing loans as a percentage of gross  loans   2.18   1.69
-Gross non-performing loans   279,608   243,310
-Total gross loans   12,830,460   14,389,294
Net restructured loans as a percentage of net loans   0.27   0.16
-Net restructured loans   34,237   22,698
-Total net loans   12,607,762   14,206,637
Net non-performing loans as a percentage of net loans (1)   0.46   0.43
-Net non-performing loans   58,359   61,554
-Total net loans   12,607,762   14,206,637
Provision on restructured loans as a percentage of gross restructured loans (2)   4.04   3.81
-Provision on restructured loans   1,443   900
-Gross restructured loans   35,680   23,598
Provision on non-performing loans as a percentage of gross non-performing loans   79.13   74.70
-Provision on non-performing loans   221,249   181,756
-Gross non-performing loans   279,608   243,310
Provision as a percentage of gross loans (3)   3.31%   2.71%
-Provisions   425,095   390,090
-Total gross loans   12,830,460   14,389,294

__________________

(1)   Includes loans identified as non-performing/impaired in line with the guidelines issued by regulators of the respective subsidiary.

(2)   In addition, the Bank holds 25% general provision on restructured assets (including general provision required as per the guidelines
issued by the Reserve Bank of India).

(3)   Includes general provision on standard assets.

Net loan write-offs and Provision on non-performing
loans

The table presents net loan write-offs and percentage
of average loans for the periods indicated.

March 31, 2024   March 31, 2025
Average loan portfolio   Net loan write-offs (1)   % of average gross loans   Net loan write-offs (1)   % of average gross loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Commercial loans   Rs.   9,543   0.20%   Rs.   22,684   0.40%
Consumer loans   35,991   0.51   59,055   0.74
Lease financing   —   —   —   —
Total loans   Rs.   45,534   0.38%   Rs.   81,739   0.60%

__________________

(1)   Net loan write offs is the difference between gross loan write-offs and recoveries from written-off amounts.

121

Table of Contents

Net loan write-offs as a
percentage of our average total loan portfolios were 0.60% in the fiscal 2025 as compared to 0.38% in the fiscal 2024.

The following table shows an allocation of ICICI
Group’s total provision on non-performing loans and the percentage of loans in each category to total gross loans for the periods
indicated.

March 31, 2024   March 31, 2025
Amount   % of loans in each category to total gross loans   Amount   % of loans in each category to total gross loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Commercial loans   Rs.   145,022   40.7%   Rs.   96,741   42.8%
Consumer loans   76,227   59.3   85,015   57.2
Lease financing   ..   0.0   ..   0.0
Total loans   Rs.   221,249   100%   Rs.   181,756   100%

122

Table of Contents

Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects

You should read the following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements. The following discussion
is based on our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, which varies
in certain significant respects from U.S. GAAP. For a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP, a description
of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and certain additional U.S. GAAP information, see notes 21 and 22 to our
consolidated financial statements included herein.

Executive Summary

Introduction

We are a diversified financial services group
offering a wide range of banking and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery channels. Apart
from banking products and services, we offer life and general insurance, asset management, securities broking and private equity products
and services through specialized subsidiaries. Our consolidated total assets at year-end fiscal 2025 were Rs. 26,422.4 billion. Our
consolidated capital and reserves and surplus, including employees’ stock options outstanding at year-end fiscal 2025, were Rs. 3,139.1
billion and our consolidated net profit (after minority interest) for fiscal 2025 was Rs. 510.3 billion.

Our primary business consists of commercial banking
operations for retail and corporate customers. Our commercial banking operations for retail customers consist of retail lending,
deposit taking and other fee-based products and services. We provide a range of commercial banking products and services, including loan
products, fee and commission-based products and services, deposit products, transaction banking and foreign exchange and derivatives products
to large corporations, middle market companies and small and medium enterprises. We also offer agricultural and rural banking products.

Our international franchise focuses on non-resident
Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses and on deepening relationships with well-rated Indian corporates in international
markets and multinational companies for maximizing the India-linked trade, transaction banking and lending opportunities within our risk
management framework. Our overseas banking subsidiaries continue to serve local markets selectively with a focus on risk and granularity
of business.

Our treasury operations include the maintenance
and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign exchange and derivatives
products and services for corporate customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps.

We are also engaged in insurance, asset management,
securities broking business and private equity fund management through specialized subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, provide
a wide range of life insurance, general insurance and asset management products respectively.

Our subsidiaries ICICI Securities and
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited are engaged in equity underwriting and securities broking and primary dealership in government
securities and fixed income market operations, respectively. Our private equity fund management subsidiary, ICICI Venture manages funds
that make private equity investments.

Certain Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations

Our loan portfolio, financial condition and results
of operations have been and, in the future would be, influenced by economic conditions in India, global economic developments affecting
our customers such as changes in commodity prices and geopolitical risks, conditions in global financial markets, economic conditions
in the United States and other foreign countries where we have a significant presence or which impact the Indian economy and global markets,
evolving global and domestic regulations, developments in technology and their impact on banking and financial services, and global and
regional natural disasters and pandemics such as COVID-19. For ease of understanding the following discussion of our results of operations,
you should consider these factors and other key developments.

123

Table of Contents

Trends in fiscal 2025

The global gross domestic product (“GDP”)
grew by 3.3% in calendar year 2024, similar to growth in calendar year 2023. The GDP of advanced economies grew by 1.8% and the GDP of
emerging economies grew by 4.3% in calendar year 2024, compared to 1.7% growth in advanced economies and 4.4% for emerging economies in
calendar year 2023. Global growth was stable through calendar year 2024.

Global inflation stood at 5.5% in calendar year
2024 and is expected to ease gradually over the coming years. However, the calendar year 2025 inflation forecast for advanced economies
has been revised upward by 0.4% to 2.5% year-on-year since January 2025. In emerging markets and developing economies, the revisions were
mixed. Inflationary pressures in emerging and developing Asia markets are projected to be low, with a 0.5% downward revision to 2025 forecasts
to 2.5 % year-on-year compared to January 2025.

However, major policy shifts are resetting the
global trade system and together with geopolitical developments, are causing uncertainty in the global economy. A key risk to inflation
stems from ongoing global uncertainty, particularly the threat of new U.S. tariffs. In particular, the effects of recently imposed tariffs
on inflation across countries will depend on whether the tariffs are perceived to be temporary or permanent, the extent to which firms
adjust margins to offset increased import costs, and whether imports are invoiced in US dollars or local currency. Cross-country effects
will differ as economies face a complex mix of shocks, and central banks formulate monetary policy based on domestic conditions.

The Indian economy grew by 7.6% year-on-year and
9.2% year-on-year in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024 respectively, driven by a steady growth of private consumption and higher government
spending and investments.

In fiscal 2025, India’s GDP growth stood
at 6.5% year-on-year, mainly driven by higher private consumption, which grew by 7.2% year-on-year compared to 5.6% in fiscal 2024. This
was due to higher rural consumption demand driven by a normal monsoon season and higher foodgrain output, though urban demand remained
moderate. India’s gross value added (“GVA”) grew by 6.4% year-on-year in fiscal 2025, driven by higher agriculture growth
of 4.6% year-on-year and steady services growth of 7.2% year-on-year, while industrial growth saw a moderation at 5.9% year-on-year compared
to 10.8% in fiscal 2024.

India’s merchandise exports broadly remained
flat at US$ 437.4 billion in fiscal 2025 compared to US$ 437.1 billion in fiscal 2024. Merchandise imports on the other hand, rose by
6.2% year-on-year to US$ 720.2 billion in fiscal 2025 compared to US$ 678.2 billion in fiscal 2024. The trade deficit, hence, rose to
US$ 282.8 billion in fiscal 2025 as compared to US$ 241.1 billion in fiscal 2024. However, net services exports have seen an increase
to US$ 188.8 billion in fiscal 2025 as compared to US$ 162.8 billion in fiscal 2024. India’s current account deficit was US$ 25
billion or 0.6% of GDP in fiscal 2025. India’s net foreign portfolio inflows were lower at US$ 2.7 billion in fiscal 2025, compared
to US$ 41.0 billion in fiscal 2024, with equity outflows at US$ 14.6 billion and debt inflows at US$ 16.9 billion. Gross foreign direct
investment inflows into India were US$ 81.0 billion during fiscal 2025, compared to inflows of US$ 71.3 billion in fiscal 2024. However,
the net foreign direct investment inflows were US$ 0.4 billion in fiscal 2025, compared to US$ 10.1 billion during fiscal 2024.

Inflation in India as measured by the Consumer
Price Index came down from 4.9% year-on-year in March 2024 to 3.3% year-on-year in March 2025. The average inflation rate during fiscal
2025 was 4.6% year-on-year compared to 5.4% year-on-year in fiscal year 2024. The softening in inflation was due to food inflation easing
to 6.7% in fiscal 2025 compared to 7.0% year-on-year in fiscal 2024, mainly due to normal rainfall and higher food output. Core inflation
also remained benign at 3.5% year-on-year in fiscal 2025 compared to 4.3% year-on-year in fiscal 2024, partly due to lower global oil
prices.

In fiscal 2023, the Reserve Bank of India significantly
tightened monetary policy, raising the policy repo rate by 250 basis points from 4.0% to 6.5% and increased the cash reserve ratio by
50 basis points from 4.0% to 4.5%. The Reserve Bank of India maintained its policy stance for fiscal years 2023 and 2024 and most of fiscal
2025. Daily average banking system liquidity for fiscal 2025 was at a deficit of approximately Rs. 53.0 billion. In the latter part of
fiscal 2025 through June 2025, the Reserve Bank of India substantially eased monetary policy, reducing the repo rate by a total of 100
basis points from 6.50% to 5.50%, and the cash reserve ratio by a total of 150 bps, of which a reduction of 100 basis points will take
effect between September and November 2025.

124

Table of Contents

Since December 2024, the Reserve Bank of India
has injected Rs. 10.7 trillion of durable liquidity into the banking system through various means including by reducing the cash reserve
ratio, engaging in open-market operations, engaging in foreign exchange operations and conducting long-term variable rate repo auctions.

Medium-term growth prospects remain positive,
driven by the underlying fundamental domestic drivers of the economy. Supportive monetary policies, tax cuts and government spending are
expected to boost consumption and growth. However, global trade uncertainties around U.S. tariff and other trade policies could pose a
downside risk to exports and weigh on global growth, which may negatively impact domestic growth.

During fiscal 2025, the rupee depreciated by 2.5%
from Rs. 83.4 per USD at March29, 2024 to Rs. 85.4 per USD at March 28, 2025. The benchmark Standard and Poor’s BSE Sensex increased
by 5.11% during fiscal 2025 compared to 24.85% in fiscal 2024. The yields on the benchmark 10-year government securities decreased from
7.06% at March 29, 2024 to 6.58% at March 28, 2025. The yield fluctuated during the year, peaking at 7.23% on April 19, 2024.

Non-food credit of the banking system grew by
11.0% year-on-year at March 31, 2025 compared to 16.3% year-on-year at March 31, 2024 (adjusted for the impact of the merger of a housing
finance company with a bank during fiscal 2024). According to the sectoral break down of credit data available before March 2025, credit
growth continued to be driven by services at 12.4% year-on-year and personal credit at 11.6% year-on-year while credit to industry grew
at 7.8% year-on-year.

Overall deposit growth in India moderated in fiscal
2025, with average deposit rates on outstanding deposits increasing by 15 basis points. Overall deposit growth stood at 10.3% year-on-year
as on March 21, 2025 as compared to 12.9% year-on-year as on March 22, 2024 (adjusted for the impact of the merger of a housing finance
company with a bank during fiscal 2024). The credit-deposit ratio increased to 78.9% at June 27, 2025 as compared to 78.1% at March 22,
2024 (adjusted for the impact of the merger of a housing finance company with a bank during fiscal 2024).

According to Reserve Bank
of India’s Financial Stability Report of December 2024, the asset quality of scheduled commercial banks continued to improve in
fiscal 2025, with the gross non-performing assets ratio at 2.6% and the net non-performing assets ratio at 0.6% at September 30, 2024
compared to a gross non-performing assets ratio of 3.2% and net non-performing assets ratio of 0.8% at September 30, 2023.

Key regulatory measures announced in fiscal 2025
included the following:

·   The Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines in April 2024 mandating standardized Key Fact Statements (“KFS”)
for retail and MSME term loans. The guidelines require banks to provide a standardised KFS to prospective borrowers before loan execution,
including the computation sheet of annual percentage rate, the amortisation schedule of the loan, disclosures on interest rates, fees
and other key loan terms. Any charges not mentioned in the KFS cannot be charged without explicit borrower consent.

·   The Reserve Bank of India in April 2024 issued guidelines under the Fair Practices Code requiring lenders
to only charge interest from the date of disbursal of funds to borrowers. For cheque disbursals, interest must be charged from the date
the cheque is delivered to the borrower, encouraging online disbursement methods. Further, in case of disbursals or repayments during
the month, interest is to be charged only for the period for which the loan is outstanding.

·   The Reserve Bank of India in April 2024 issued a guidance note on operational risk management and resilience,
aligning domestic practices with global Basel principles. The guidance emphasizes governance, business continuity planning, third-party
and cyber risk management, and the implementation of continuous improvements through feedback systems. The guidance note recommends a
principles-based and proportionate approach to ensure smooth implementation across banks.

·   The Reserve Bank of India in July 2024 revised the Master Direction on treatment of willful and large
defaulters. The updated guidelines require banks’ review committees to offer borrowers in willful or large default an opportunity
for a personal hearing and mandates examination of all NPAs above a defined threshold for potential willful default within six months
of becoming non-performing. The guidelines have also introduced multiple identification and review committees based on board-approved
policies.

·   The Reserve Bank of India in July 2024, permitted resident individuals to remit funds under the Liberalised
Remittance Scheme to International Financial Services Centres (IFSCs) for all permissible purposes, such as remittances for availing financial
products and financial services within IFSCs, and for conducting permissible cross-border transactions via foreign currency accounts held
in IFSCs.

125

Table of Contents

·   As an Outcome of the SEBI Board Meeting dated September 30, 2024, SEBI amended the Prohibition of Insider
Trading Regulations 2015 to expand the definition of ‘relative’ and ‘connected person’, towards enhancing the
scope of enforcement for Insider Trading. SEBI also amended the LODR Regulations 2015 to extend disclosure timelines for outcome of Board
Meetings, require materiality-based disclosure of tax litigations and penalties, and additional time for disclosure for claims against
entity subject to maintenance of structured digital databases.

·   The Reserve Bank of India, in December 2024, issued guidelines to streamline the process of activating
inoperative and frozen accounts, enabling KYC updates through digital means such as mobile banking, non-home branches, and video verification.
Banks have also been directed to facilitate the activation of accounts linked to government benefit schemes and monitor progress in the
reduction of inoperative and frozen accounts through the Reserve Bank of India’s DAKSH portal.

·   The Reserve Bank of India lowered the cash reserve ratio by 50 basis points in two equal reductions, bringing it down to 4.25% and
subsequently 4.00% of Net Demand and Time Liabilities (“NDTL”), effective as of December 2024.

·   The Reserve Bank of India revised the Master Direction on Priority Sector Lending on March 24, 2025, with the revisions effective
as of April 1, 2025. All loans categorized as priority sector lending under the former Master Directions on priority sector lending will
continue to be eligible for such categorization under the former Master Directions until maturity. Key changes include: the expansion
of eligible borrowers under the category of economically “Weaker Sections” to include individuals that are members of self-help
groups, joint liability groups and transgender individuals; the enhancement of loan limits for artisans, village and cottage industries,
women borrowers, farm credits, housing, education, social infrastructure and renewable energy; and, the removal of co-terminus clauses
with respect to banks’ on-lending to NBFCs for priority sector lending.

·   In November 2023, the Reserve Bank of India had increased the risk weight for consumer credit and NBFC exposures to strengthen prudential
safeguards. The Reserve Bank of India, through its circular dated February 2025, subsequently excluded qualifying microfinance loans in
the nature of consumer credit from the higher risk weight category and rescinded its November 2023 decision to increase risk weights,
restoring the applicable risk weights for NBFCs based on external ratings.

·   The Reserve Bank of India revised the prudential treatment of government-guaranteed security receipts (“SRs”) in March
2025 permitting banks to reverse the excess provision if a loan is transferred for value higher than its net book value, provided that
the sale consideration is comprised only of cash and SRs guaranteed by the Government of India. However, the non-cash component in the
form of SRs and unrealized gains on periodical valuation are required to be deducted from banks’ CET 1 capital. Any SRs outstanding
after the final settlement of the government guarantee or the expiry of the guarantee period, whichever is earlier, shall be valued at
one rupee (Re. 1).

Business Overview

In assessing our performance, we monitor key financial
variables such as the change in profit before tax, excluding treasury, and return on equity. We also look at the changes in asset yields,
cost of funds, net interest margin, fee income and cost ratios. We also monitor key business indicators such as deposit growth, funding
mix, loan growth and loan delinquency trends. We re-evaluate underwriting norms and risk management on an ongoing basis and assess the
financial impact of events on our capital, revenue, credit costs and asset quality. We analyze changes in economic indicators such as
interest rates, liquidity, exchange rates and the performance of various sectors and sub-sectors of the economy. In addition to these
indicators, we monitor other non-financial indicators such as quality of customer service and the extent and nature of customer complaints,
frauds, cyber threats, data security and preparedness to address them and estimates of market share in key areas of business. We continue
to evaluate the impact of climate change risks on the portfolio and the environmental, social and governance profile of our large borrowers.

See also “
—Executive Summary—Certain
Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations—Trends in fiscal 2024
”.

126

Table of Contents

We have focused on maintaining and enhancing our
deposit franchise, including by leveraging technology. We have focused on opportunities in retail lending, including by cross-selling
additional products to our existing customers, and growing our lending to small businesses, in order to build a more granular portfolio
and sustainably improve portfolio quality. We have sought to meet the holistic needs of our corporate clients and their ecosystems.

We continued to focus on maintaining capital adequacy
ratios that are higher than regulatory requirements. As of March 31, 2025, we continued to hold contingency provisions on a prudent basis.

A discussion of our financial performance in fiscal
2025 is given below:

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
and I-Process Services (India) Limited each ceased to be associates and became subsidiaries of the Bank effective February 29, 2024 and
March 22, 2024, respectively, and consolidated on a line-by-line basis. Prior to this, these entities were accounted for under the equity
method of accounting, and the pro-rata share of their profit/loss was included in the consolidated profit and loss account of the Bank.
Hence, financial performance in fiscal 2025 is not directly comparable with the financial performance in fiscal 2024.

Profit before tax excluding treasury income (calculated
as profit before tax
less
 income from treasury-related activities, both reported separately in operating results data) increased
by 16.8 % from Rs. 546.3 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 638.2 billion in fiscal 2025.

Operating profit before provisions increased by
21.2% from Rs. 641.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 777.6 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in net interest income and
other income, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses.

Net interest income increased by 13.9% from Rs.
854.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 973.0 billion in fiscal 2025, reflecting an increase of 17.0% in the average volume of interest-earning
assets.

Other income (including share of profit in associates)
increased by 39.7% from Rs. 776.0 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,084.1 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in net earned
premium and other operating income relating to insurance business, an increase in commission, exchange and brokerage income, an increase
in income from treasury related activities and, in part, the consolidation of ICICI Lombard. Premium and other operating income relating
to insurance business increased by 54.6% from Rs. 458.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 709.0 billion in fiscal 2025. Commission, exchange
and brokerage income increased by 17.8% from Rs. 235.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 277.7 billion in fiscal 2025. Income from treasury-related
activities increased by 33.6% from Rs. 68.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 91.8 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in
gain on revaluation of investments in the Bank, asset management and securities broking business.

In 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued new
guidelines on “Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2023”, which
have become effective as of April, 2024, resulting in changes to accounting for investments. As a result of these changes, financial performance
in fiscal 2025 is not directly comparable with the financial performance in fiscal 2024.

Operating expenses increased by 30.7% from Rs.
977.8 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,278.0 billion in fiscal 2025 due to an increase in payments to and provision for employees, and
expenses related to the insurance business.

Provisions and contingencies (excluding provision
for tax) increased by 32.1% from Rs. 37.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 49.1 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in provision
on non-performing and other assets, partially offset by a decrease in other provisions and contingencies. Provision for non-performing
and other assets increased from a provision of Rs 9.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to a provision of Rs. 41.3 billion in fiscal 2025. During
fiscal 2025, there were higher net additions to non-performing assets primarily in retail and rural loans. During fiscal 2024, there were
higher recoveries from non-performing assets and upgrades in non-retail loans. Provision for standard assets of ICICI Bank decreased from
Rs. 11.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 7.0 billion in fiscal 2025. During fiscal 2024, the provision for standard assets were higher primarily
due to an increase in domestic loans and upgrade of certain impaired loans to standard. The provision coverage ratio was 74.7% at March
31, 2025 compared to 79.1% at March 31, 2024.

127

Table of Contents

Gross non-performing loans (net of write-offs)
decreased from Rs. 279.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 243.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Net non-performing loans increased
marginally from Rs. 58.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 61.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. The net non-performing loan ratio
decreased from 0.5% at year-end fiscal 2024 to 0.4% at year-end fiscal 2025. See also,
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to
Our Business—If the level of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our
business will suffer.”

Income tax expenses increased from Rs. 154.3 billion
in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 184.3 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in profit before tax. The effective tax rate increased
marginally from 25.1% in fiscal 2024 to 25.3% in fiscal 2025.

As a result of the various increases described
above, the profit after tax increased by 18.4% from Rs. 460.8 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 545.7 billion in fiscal 2025.

Net worth (equity share capital, reserves and
surplus and employees stock options outstanding) increased from Rs. 2,561.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 3,139.1 billion at
year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to accumulation of retained earnings. Total assets and liabilities increased by 11.8% from Rs. 23,640.6
billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 26,422.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Total advances increased by 12.7% from 12,607.8 billion
at year-end fiscal 2024, to Rs. 14,206.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Total deposits increased by 13.7% from Rs. 14,435.8 billion
at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 16,416.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

The changes in capital adequacy ratios of ICICI
Bank on an unconsolidated basis (after deducting the proposed dividend for fiscal 2025 from capital funds), in accordance with the Reserve
Bank of India’s guidelines on Basel III, were as follows: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio increased from 15.60% in
fiscal 2024 to 16.0% is fiscal 2025; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio increased from 15.60% in fiscal 2024 to 16.0% in fiscal 2025; and
total risk-based capital ratio increased from 16.3% in fiscal 2024 to 16.6% in fiscal 2025. The changes in our capital adequacy ratios
on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on Basel III, at year-end fiscal 2025 were as
follows: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio increased from 15.43% in fiscal 2024 to 15.81% in fiscal 2025; Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio increased from 15.43% in fiscal 2024 to 15.81% in fiscal 2025; and total risk-based capital ratio increased from 16.14%
in fiscal 2024 to 16.41% in fiscal 2025.

Business Outlook

Over the medium term, the
outlook for the Indian economy remains positive. India’s economy is expected to grow driven by increases in both investment and
consumption. Favorable demographics, growing digitization and formalization of the economy, domestic demand, services exports, growing
urbanization, healthy corporate and bank balance sheets and the opportunity for greater integration into global value chains are some
of the key factors expected to drive India’s growth, and create opportunities for the banking and financial sector in India. Supportive
monetary policies, tax cuts and government spending are expected to boost consumption and growth. At the same time, the global economic
environment continues to have significant uncertainties, including evolving government policies, geopolitical tensions and divergent inflation
and growth profiles in different regions. Global trade uncertainties around U.S. tariff and other trade policies could pose a downside
risk to exports and weigh on global growth, which may impact domestic growth. Adverse global developments could impact Indian economy
via both trade and financial channels. India’s foreign exchange reserves and well capitalized financial sector should mitigate the
impact of the global developments on the domestic economy.

Our long-term strategy will continue to
focus on growing profit before tax excluding treasury (calculated as profit before tax
less
 income from treasury-related
activities, both reported separately in operating results data) within the guardrails of risk and compliance. The Bank focuses on
the principles of ‘Return of Capital’, ‘Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank’. ‘One Bank, One Team’ , ‘Agile Risk Management’ and ‘Compliance with Conscience’. We focus on
creating holistic value propositions for our customers by adopting a 360-degree customer-centric approach and capturing
opportunities across customer ecosystems and micro markets, leveraging internal synergies, building partnerships and simplifying
processes. Cross-functional collaboration among teams has been facilitated to tap into key customer and market segments, enabling
360-degree coverage of customers and increasing wallet share. We emphasize deepening coverage and enhancing delivery capabilities
while continuing the focus on risk-calibrated profitable growth. We have also streamlined our organizational structure and empowered
teams to create flexibility and agility in capturing business opportunities. This improves our ability to engage with customers and
respond to their needs. Simplifying our internal processes to better serve our customers and improve our operating efficiency is a
key area of focus. The Bank is committed to strengthening sustainability practices and integrating environmental, social and
governance practices in its operations and business.

128

Table of Contents

We use technology in our operations. We partner
with technology companies and platforms to leverage opportunities for growth and enhance the customer experience and delivery of services.
We leverage technology and analytics for deeper insights into market opportunities, customer needs and behavior. We continue to invest
in technology to enhance our offerings to customers as well as the scalability, flexibility and resilience of our technology architecture.
We focus on continuously strengthening our operational resilience to support the seamless delivery of services to customers.

We have over the years re-balanced our deposit
profile, improved the credit rating profile of our portfolio and reduced concentration risks. We also improved cost efficiency, scaled
up retail loan growth, calibrated corporate loan growth and maintained healthy capital adequacy ratios. We have repositioned our international
franchise to focus on non-resident Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses. Further, through our international franchise
we will be focusing on deepening relationships with well-rated Indian corporates in international markets as well as multinational companies
to maximize India-linked trade, transaction banking and lending opportunities within our risk management framework. See also, “
Business—Strategy
.”

We believe that our healthy deposit franchise
and competitive funding costs along with our distribution network, customer base and technology-based offerings, underpinned by our focus
on risk management practices, enable us to pursue growth opportunities profitably. In general, trends in systemic liquidity, interest
rates and inflation influence deposit growth, especially with respect to low-cost savings and current account deposits. Deposit growth
also depends on customer behavior and preferences for deposits versus other investment products. Our ability to grow our deposit base
may be impacted by increasing competition for such deposits from existing banks and new entrants. Regulatory developments like the introduction
of a digital currency by the Reserve Bank of India may also impact our ability to raise low-cost deposits in the medium to long term.
We continue to focus on maintaining a resilient balance sheet and strong capital levels.

Our success will be determined by our ability
to respond to the evolving economic environment, maintain a strong balance sheet with adequate buffers of liquidity and capital, strong
risk management, the resilience of our technology infrastructure, and business continuity planning, as well as the behavior of our loan
portfolio vis-à-vis comparable banks and finance companies. Generally, the success of our strategy depends on several factors,
including our ability to grow our deposit base, grow our loan book profitably, contain non-performing loans, resolve stressed assets at
an early stage, maintain operational resilience, maintain regulatory compliance in an evolving regulatory environment, address regulators’
assessments of and observations on our operations, and compete effectively in the Indian corporate and retail financial services market.
Regulations governing the financial sector in India, including banking, insurance and asset management, continue to evolve, with a potential
impact on the growth and profitability of financial services groups such as us. The success of our strategy is also subject to the overall
regulatory and policy environment in which we operate, including the direction of monetary, fiscal and trade policies. Our ability to
execute our strategy will also depend on the liquidity and interest rate environment and on our ability to ensure stability and resilience
while navigating the volatility and uncertainty in the macro-economic environment and factors which could affect general business and
economic conditions in India in relation to the Bank’s business. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our
banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely affect
our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio
and our financial performance
”. With regard to our overseas banking subsidiaries, the impact on the global economy due to geopolitical
factors, inflation and monetary policy, tariffs and other global developments are expected to impact economic growth in Canada and the
United Kingdom, which in turn could impact the business of our banking subsidiaries in these countries. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—The exposures of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations
.”

For a detailed discussion of risks that we face
in our business please refer to “
Risk Factors
”.

Operating Results Data

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, our summary operating results.

129

Table of Contents

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025 (1)
(in millions, except per common share data)
Selected income statement data:
Interest earned (2)   Rs.   1,595,159   Rs.   1,863,315   US$   21,811
Interest expended   (741,082   )   (890,277   )   (10,421   )
Net interest income   854,077   973,038   11,390
Other income (3)   765,218   1,082,555   12,672
Net total income   1,619,295   2,055,593   24,062
Operating expenses
Payments to and provisions for employees   (191,720   )   (236,299   )   (2,766   )
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   (502,601   )   (738,062   )   (8,639   )
Other operating expenses (4)   (283,507   )   (303,639   )   (3,555   )
Total operating expenses   (977,828   )   (1,278,000   )   (14,960   )
Operating profit before provisions   641,467   777,593   9,102
Provisions and contingencies (excluding provision for tax)   (37,124   )   (49,058   )   (574   )
Share of profit in associates   10,738   1,507   18
Profit before tax   615,081   730,042   8,546
Provision for tax   (154,276   )   (184,348   )   (2,158   )
Profit after tax   460,805   545,694   6,388
Minority interest   (18,241   )   (35,402   )   (414   )
Net profit (after minority interest)   442,564   510,292   5,973
Profitability:
Net profit (after minority interest) as a percentage of:
Average total assets   2.07   %   2.05   %
Average stockholders’ equity   18.98   17.74
Per common share:
Earnings-basic (5)   Rs.   63.19   Rs.   72.41   US$   0.85
Earnings-diluted (6)   61.96   71.14   0.83
Book value (7)   Rs.   352.24   Rs.   422.08   US$   4.94
Dividend payout ratio (8)   15.87   %   15.35   %
Cost-to-income ratio (9)   60.39   62.17
Cost-to-average assets ratio (10)   4.57   5.13
Capital
Average stockholders’ equity as a percentage of average total assets (11)   10.90   %   11.54   %

__________________

(1)   Rupee amounts for fiscal 2025 have been translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate of Rs. 85.43 = US$ 1.00 as set forth
in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board at year-end fiscal 2025.

(2)   Interest earned includes interest on income tax refunds of Rs. 2.8 billion and Rs. 2.0 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2025 respectively.

(3)   Includes income from treasury-related activities (net) amounting to Rs. 68.7 billion and Rs. 91.8 billion for fiscal 2024 and 2025
respectively.

(4)   Includes depreciation on fixed assets and other general office expenses.

(5)   Earnings per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares and represents net profit/(loss) per share before dilutive
impact.

(6)   Earnings per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares and represents net profit/(loss) per share adjusted
for full dilution. Options to purchase 10,089,800 and 10,875,037 equity shares granted to employees at a weighted average exercise price
of Rs. 895.2 and Rs. 1,022.4 were outstanding at year-end fiscal 2024 and 2025 respectively but were not included in the computation of
diluted earnings per share as these options were anti-dilutive.

130

Table of Contents

(7)   Represents capital, employees’ stock options outstanding and reserves and surplus reduced by deferred tax asset and goodwill.

(8)   Represents the ratio of total dividends paid on equity share capital as a percentage of net profit (after minority interest). Dividends
for a fiscal year are normally paid in the following year.

(9)   Represents the ratio of operating expenses to total income. Total income represents the sum of net interest income and other income.

(10)   Represents the ratio of operating expenses to average total assets.

(11)   Represents the ratio of average stockholders’ equity to average total assets. Average stockholders’ equity represents
average capital, employees’ stock options outstanding and reserves and surplus reduced by preference share capital. Average total
assets represents total of average interest-earning assets and average non-interest earning assets.

(12)   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February
29, 2024. I-Process Services (India) Limited ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from
March 22, 2024. Accordingly, the consolidated financial results for fiscal 2025 are not directly comparable with the previous periods.

Consolidated Income Information

Net Interest Income

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of net interest income.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest earned (1)   Rs.   1,595,159   Rs.   1,863,315   US$   21,811   16.8   %
Interest expense   (741,082   )   (890,277   )   (10,421   )   20.1   %
Net interest income   Rs.   854,077   Rs.   973,038   US$   11,390   13.9   %

__________________

(1)   Tax exempt income has not been re-calculated on a tax-equivalent basis.

Yields, Spreads and Margins

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the yields, spreads and net interest margins on interest-earning assets.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest earned (1)   Rs.   1,595,270   Rs.   1,863,442
Average interest-earning assets   18,845,615   22,053,078
Interest expense   741,082   890,277
Average interest-bearing liabilities   15,155,078   17,287,355
Average total assets   21,384,959   24,927,623
Average interest-earning assets as a percentage of average total assets   88.13   %   88.47   %
Average interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of average total assets   70.87   69.35
Average interest-earning assets as a percentage of average interest-bearing liabilities   124.35   127.57
Yield   8.46   8.45
Rupee   8.70   8.68
Foreign currency   5.64   5.47
Cost of funds   4.89   5.15
Rupee   4.97   5.24
Foreign currency   3.89   4.00
Spread (2)   3.57   3.30
Rupee   3.73   3.44
Foreign currency   1.75   1.48
Net interest margin (3)   4.53   4.41
Rupee   4.70   4.57
Foreign currency   2.60   %   2.33   %

131

Table of Contents

__________________

(1)   We have re-calculated tax-exempt income on a tax-equivalent basis. The impact of re-calculation of tax-exempt income on a tax equivalent
basis was Rs. 127 million for fiscal 2025 as compared to Rs. 111 million for fiscal 2024.

(2)   Spread is the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities.
Yield on average interest-earning assets is the ratio of interest earned to average interest-earning assets. Cost of average interest-bearing
liabilities is the ratio of interest expense to average interest-bearing liabilities.

(3)   Net interest margin is the ratio of net interest income to average interest-earning assets. The difference in net interest margin
and spread arises due to the difference in amount of average interest-earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities. If average
interest-earning assets exceed average interest-bearing liabilities, net interest margin is greater than the spread and if average interest-bearing
liabilities exceed average interest-earning assets, net interest margin is less than the spread.

Net interest income increased by 13.9% from Rs.
854.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 973.0 billion in fiscal 2025, reflecting an increase of 16.9% in the average volume of interest-earning
assets.

Net interest margin

The net interest margin on the rupee portfolio
decreased by 13 basis points from 4.70% in fiscal 2024 to 4.57 % in fiscal 2025 and the net interest margin on the foreign currency portfolio
decreased by 27 basis points from 2.60% in fiscal 2024 to 2.33% in fiscal 2025. Overall net interest margin decreased by 12 basis points
from 4.53% in fiscal 2024 to 4.41 % in fiscal 2025. The yield on average interest-earning assets remained at a similar level of 8.46%
in fiscal 2024 and 8.45% in fiscal 2025. The cost of funds increased by 26 basis points from 4.89% in fiscal 2024 to 5.15% in fiscal 2025.

The yield on the rupee portfolio decreased by
2 basis points from 8.70% in fiscal 2024 to 8.68% in fiscal 2025, primarily due to the following:

·   The yield on rupee advances decreased by 8 basis points from 10.06% in fiscal 2024 to 9.98% in fiscal 2025. The yield on rupee investments
increased by 5 basis points from 7.00% in fiscal 2024 to 7.05% in fiscal 2025. The yield on rupee other interest-earning assets increased
by 40 basis points from 2.11% in fiscal 2024 to 2.51 % in fiscal 2025.

·   The yield on rupee advances decreased primarily due to incremental lending at lower yields.

At March 31, 2025, of the total domestic loan
book of ICICI Bank on a non-consolidated basis, 31% had fixed interest rates, 53% had interest rates linked to the repo rate, 15% had
interest rates linked to the marginal cost of funds based lending rate and other, older benchmarks and 1% had interest rates linked to
other external benchmarks. The Reserve Bank of India reduced the repo rate by 25 basis points to 6.25% in February 2025 and further by
75 basis points in fiscal 2026 through June 30, 2025. These reductions will result in reduction in yield on the Bank’s loan portfolio
in fiscal 2026. See also “
Business—Loan portfolio—Loan pricing
”.

·   The yield on interest-earning rupee government securities increased primarily due to change of book yield of certain securities reclassified
from held-to-maturity to available-for-sale category under the new investment guidelines applicable as of April 1, 2024. The reclassified
securities were required to be reflected at market yield at April 2024 as compared to historical book yield. Since the market yield on
these securities was higher than the book yield, there was an increase in overall government securities yield. The yield on investments,
other than government securities, decreased primarily due to a decrease in yield on pass-through certificates and an increase in the proportions
of equity investments and certificates deposits, which are lower yielding.

132

Table of Contents

·   The yield on other interest-earning assets increased by 40 basis points from 2.11% in fiscal 2024 to 2.51 % in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in interest income on funding swaps, yield on term money lent and average balance with the U.S. Federal Reserve.

·   Interest on tax refunds decreased from Rs. 2.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 2.0 billion in fiscal 2025. The receipt, amount and timing
of such income depend on the nature and timing of determinations by tax authorities and hence are neither consistent nor predictable.

The cost of funds for the rupee portfolio increased
by 27 basis points from 4.97% in fiscal 2024 to 5.24% in fiscal 2025, primarily due to the following factors:

·   The cost of rupee deposits increased by 30 basis points from 4.64% in fiscal 2024 to 4.94% in fiscal 2025 due to an increase in cost
of term deposits.

The cost of rupee term deposits increased
by 44 basis points from 6.24% in fiscal 2024 to 6.68% in fiscal 2025. The cost of savings account deposits remained at a similar level
of 3.17% in fiscal 2024 and 3.16% in fiscal 2025. The average rupee current account and savings account deposits as a percentage of total
average rupee deposits were 39.3% in fiscal 2025 as compared to 40.5% in fiscal 2024. The Reserve Bank of India increased the repo rate
from May 2022 onwards resulting in an increase in Repo rate from 4.00% in April 2022 to 6.50% in February 2023. The Reserve Bank of India
maintained its policy stance for fiscal years 2023, fiscal 2024 and most of fiscal 2025. In the last quarter of fiscal 2025 and first
quarter of fiscal 2026, the Reserve Bank of India reduced the repo rate by a total of 100 basis points from 6.50% to 5.50%. This resulted
in increased deposit rates and, in turn, an increase in the average cost of deposits in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025 due to existing lower-cost
deposits reaching maturity and the raising of new deposits at higher interest rates.

·   The cost of rupee borrowings increased by 5 basis points from 7.20% in fiscal 2024 to 7.25% in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase
in the cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Securities and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited. The cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI
Securities increased primarily due to an increase in borrowings in form of commercial papers. The cost of rupee borrowings of
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited increased primarily due to an increase in bond borrowing, term loans from banks, commercial papers
and fixed deposits.

The total average rupee deposits of
the Bank as a percentage of total average rupee funding increased from 90.9% in fiscal 2024 to 91.4% in fiscal 2025.

Net interest margin on the foreign currency portfolio
decreased by 27 basis points from 2.60% in fiscal 2024 to 2.33% in fiscal 2025. Average interest-earning foreign currency assets increased
by 8.0% from Rs. 1,468.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,586.0 billion in fiscal 2025. Average interest-bearing foreign currency liabilities
increased by 8.7% from Rs. 1,147.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to 1,247.1 billion in fiscal 2025. During fiscal 2025, the Bank continued to
convert a part of its rupee liquidity into foreign currency and deployed the same in foreign currency placements/investments. This has
resulted in average foreign currency assets being significantly higher than average foreign currency liabilities.

The yield on our foreign currency portfolio decreased
by 8.0% from 5.64% in fiscal 2024 to 5.47% in fiscal 2025, primarily due to the following:

·   The yield on average foreign currency interest-earning assets of the Bank decreased by 37 basis points from 5.95% in fiscal 2024 to
5.58% in fiscal 2025, primarily due to a decrease in the yield on other interest-earning assets. The yield on other interest-earning assets decreased by 52 basis points from 5.05% in fiscal 2024 to 4.53% in fiscal 2025 primarily on account of rate decrease cycle by US Federal Reserve.

·   The yield on average interest-earning assets of ICICI Bank UK increased, primarily due to an increase in yield on investments,
partially offset by a decrease in yield on advances.

·   The yield on average interest-earning assets of ICICI Bank Canada increased primarily due to an increase in yield on average advances
and average investments.

133

Table of Contents

The cost of funds for the foreign currency portfolio
increased by 11 basis points from 3.89% in fiscal 2024 to 4.00% in fiscal 2025, due to the increase in cost of foreign currency deposits,
partially offset by a decrease in the cost of foreign currency borrowings in fiscal 2025.

·   The cost of funds of ICICI Bank Canada increased in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024 primarily due to an increase in cost of
deposits. The cost of deposits increased primarily due to a decrease in low-cost floating-rate deposits and an increase in high-cost fixed-term
deposits.

·   The cost of funds of ICICI Bank UK increased in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024 primarily due to decrease in low-cost CASA
deposits and an increase in high-cost fixed term deposits.

·   The cost of funds for the Bank’s foreign currency funding decreased in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024 primarily due
to a decrease in cost of term borrowings due to a reduction in the benchmark SOFR rate, partially offset by an increase in cost of deposits
due to repricing of deposits at higher rates.

Our yield on advances, interest earned, net interest
income and net interest margin are impacted by systemic liquidity conditions, movements in interest rates, the competitive environment,
the level of additions to non-performing loans, regulatory developments, monetary policy and economic and geopolitical factors. These
developments may have an adverse impact on the net interest margin. The timing and amount of recoveries and interest on income tax refund
is uncertain.

Interest rates on approximately
53.5% of the Bank’s domestic loans are linked to external market benchmarks. The differential movements in the external benchmark
rates compared to cost of funds impact our net interest income and net interest margin.

Interest-earning assets

The average volume of interest-earning assets
increased by 17.0% from Rs. 18,845.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 22,053.2 billion in fiscal 2025. The increase in average interest-earning
assets was primarily due to an increase in average advances by Rs. 1,766.0 billion, average investments by Rs. 1,261.4 billion and increase
in average other interest-earning assets by Rs. 180.2 billion.

The average volume of rupee interest-earning assets
increased by 17.8% from Rs. 17,377.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 20,467.1 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in average
advances and average investments. Average rupee advances increased by 15.7% from Rs. 11,017.3 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 12,747.8 billion
in fiscal 2025. Average rupee investments increased by 23.9% from Rs. 5,347.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 6,626.6 billion in fiscal
2025, primarily due to an increase in average investments in Indian government securities. Average other rupee interest-earning assets
increased by 8.0% from Rs. 1,012.3 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,092.7 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in balances
with the Reserve Bank of India to maintain cash reserve ratio. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate
and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective as of February 29, 2024. I-Process Services (India) Limited ceased to be an associate and
became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from March 22, 2024. Accordingly, the average volume of interest-earning assets
in fiscal 2025 is not directly comparable with the average volume of interest-earning assets in fiscal 2024.

The average volume of foreign currency interest-earning
assets increased by 8.0% from Rs. 1,468.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,586.0 billion in fiscal 2025. Average foreign currency advances
increased by 3.6% from Rs. 976.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,011.7 billion in fiscal 2025. Average foreign currency investments decreased
by 11.5% from Rs. 154.8 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 137.1 billion in fiscal 2025. Average other foreign currency interest-earning assets
increased by 29.5% from Rs. 337.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 437.2 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in balances
with banks outside India.

Interest-bearing liabilities

Average interest-bearing liabilities increased
by 14.1% from Rs. 15,155.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 17,287.4 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in average deposits
by Rs. 1,818.1 billion and average borrowings by Rs. 314.2 billion.

134

Table of Contents

Average interest-bearing rupee liabilities increased
by 14.5% from Rs. 14,007.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 16,040.2 billion in fiscal 2025. Average rupee time deposits increased by 16.6%
from Rs. 7,266.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 8,474.3 billion in fiscal 2025. Average rupee current account and savings account deposits
increased by 11.1% from Rs. 4,946.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 5,494.6 billion in fiscal 2025. Average rupee borrowings increased by
15.4% from Rs. 1,794.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 2,071.3 billion in fiscal 2025. Average borrowings of ICICI Bank increased primarily
due to an increase in interbank participatory certificates, bullion borrowings and call money borrowings.

Average interest-bearing foreign currency liabilities
increased by 8.7% from Rs. 1,147.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,247.1 billion in fiscal 2025 due to an increase in time deposits and
borrowings. Average foreign currency borrowings increased by 7.6% from Rs. 496.3 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 533.9 billion in fiscal
2025, primarily due to an increase in foreign currency borrowings of ICICI Bank. Average foreign currency deposits increased by 9.5% from
Rs. 651.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 713.2 billion in fiscal 2025. Average foreign currency deposits of ICICI Bank increased primarily
due to an increase in foreign currency non-resident deposits. Average foreign currency deposits of ICICI Bank UK increased primarily
due to an increase in corporate deposits. Average foreign currency deposits of ICICI Bank Canada decreased primarily due to a decrease
in current and term deposits.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in interest
rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the
quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance
”.

Other Income

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of other income.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Commission, exchange and brokerage   Rs.   235,719   Rs.   277,662   US$   3,250   17.8   %
Income from treasury-related activities net)   68,732   91,846   1,075   33.6
-Profit/(loss) on exchange/derivatives transactions (net)   30,861   39,505   462   28.0
-Profit/(loss) on other treasury-related activities (1)   37,871   52,341   613   —
Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net)   144   439   5   —
Premium and other operating income from insurance business   458,528   709,008   8,299   54.6
Miscellaneous income   12,833   5,107   60   (60.2   )
- Share of profit in associates   10,738   1,507   18   (86.0   )
-Others   2,095   3,600   42   71.8
Total other income (including share of profit in associates)   Rs.   775,956   Rs.   1,084,062   US$   12,689   39.7   %

__________________

(1)   Includes profit/(loss) on the sale of investments and on revaluation of investments.

(2)   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from
                                                            February 29, 2024. I-Process Services (India) Limited ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank
                                                            effective from March 22, 2024. Accordingly, the premium and other operating income from insurance business includes premium income
                                                            of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited effective March 1, 2024 and share of profit in associates includes share in
                                                            profit of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited till February 29, 2024 in fiscal 2024. Hence, the other income in fiscal
                                                            2025 is not directly comparable with the other income in fiscal 2024.

Other income primarily includes income pertaining
to our insurance business, commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit/(loss) on treasury-related activities and other miscellaneous
income.

Other income (including share of profit in associates)
increased by 39.7% from Rs. 776.0 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,084.1 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in net earned
premium and other operating income relating to insurance business, an increase in commission, exchange and brokerage income and an increase
in income from treasury related activities.

135

Table of Contents

Commission, exchange and brokerage

Commission, exchange and brokerage income primarily
includes fees from our banking business as well as fee and brokerage income of our securities broking, asset management and private equity
fund management subsidiaries. The fee income of our banking business includes fees from retail customers such as lending-linked fees and
transaction banking fee such as credit card related fees, debit card related fees and service charges on retail deposit accounts, and
commercial banking fees, such as lending linked fees, and transaction banking fees such as fees on cash management services, commission
on bank guarantees, letters of credit and bills discounting.

Commission, exchange and brokerage income increased
from Rs. 235.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 277.7 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in transaction banking fees, lending-linked
fees, and fund management fees. Transaction banking fees increased from Rs. 116.9 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 134.4 billion in fiscal
2025, primarily due to an increase in fee income from credit cards and debit cards. Lending-linked fees increased from Rs. 42.2 billion
in fiscal 2024 to Rs.48.2 billion in fiscal 2025. Fund management fees increased from Rs. 34.9 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs.47.9 billion
in fiscal 2025. ICICI Securities’ brokerage income increased from Rs. 18.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 20.7 billion in
fiscal 2025. Third-party products distribution fees remained at the similar levels of Rs. 11.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 11.7 billion
in fiscal 2025.

Income from Treasury-Related Activities (Net)

Income from treasury-related activities includes
income from the sale of investments and the revaluation of investments on account of changes in unrealized profit/(loss) in the fixed
income, equity and preference share portfolio, units of venture capital and private equity funds, units of mutual funds and security receipts
issued by asset reconstruction companies. Further, it also includes income from foreign exchange transactions, consisting of various foreign
exchange and derivatives transactions with clients, including options and swaps.

In September 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued
new guidelines on “Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2023”,
applicable as of April, 2024. Before March 31, 2024, the Bank had been following accounting policies for investments primarily based on
the Master Direction - Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2021, where securities
were valued scrip-wise and classified into held-to-maturity, available-for-sale and held-for-trading categories. Depreciation/appreciation
on securities was aggregated for each category. Net appreciation in each category under each investment classification, if any, being
unrealised, was ignored, while net depreciation in each category was provided. Held-to-maturity securities were carried at their acquisition
cost or at amortized cost, if acquired at a premium over the face value. Any premium over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate
securities acquired was amortized over the remaining period to maturity on a constant-yield basis and a straight-line basis, respectively.
From April 1, 2024, all investments are classified as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale or fair value through profit and loss, with
held-for-trading now as a sub-category under fair value through profit and loss. Investments classified under held-to-maturity are valued
at amortized cost, while investments classified under available-for-sale are carried at fair value through available-for-sale reserve
and investments classified under fair value through profit and loss are fair valued through profit and loss account.

Income from treasury-related activities increased
from Rs. 68.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 91.8 billion in fiscal 2025. Treasury income in fiscal 2024 included transfer of accumulated
translation loss of Rs. 3.40 billion related to closure of Bank’s Offshore Banking Unit, SEEPZ Mumbai, to profit and loss account.
Further, the treasury income for fiscal 2025 included the impact of accounting for investments as per the new Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Income from our equity portfolio increased from
Rs. 27.0 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 27.3 billion in fiscal 2025.

There was a gain of Rs. 17.7 billion in our government
securities portfolio and other fixed income positions in fiscal 2025, primarily due to softening of yields on government securities and
higher trading gains, as compared to a gain of Rs. 9.1 billion in fiscal 2024.

Income from foreign exchange transactions, including
transactions with clients and margins on derivatives transactions with clients, increased from Rs. 30.9 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs.
39.5 billion in fiscal 2025.

136

Table of Contents

Premium and other operating income from our
insurance business

Premium and other operating income from our insurance
business includes net premium income, fee and commission income, surrender charges and income on foreclosure of policies. Premium and
other operating income includes income from life insurance and general insurance business. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February 2024. Accordingly, the premium and other operating
income in fiscal 2025 is not directly comparable with the premium and other operating income in fiscal 2024.

Premium and other operating income relating to
insurance business were Rs. 458.5 billion in fiscal 2024 and Rs. 709.0 billion in fiscal 2025

The net premium income of our life insurance subsidiary
increased by 13.2% from Rs. 416.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 471.9 billion in fiscal 2025. The premium income (gross of premium on
reinsurance ceded) of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited increased by 13.2% from Rs. 432.4 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs.
489.5 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in group premiums and retail new business renewal premiums. Net group premiums
increased by 34.2% from Rs. 99.9 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 134.1 billion in fiscal 2025. The net retail renewals premium increased
by 4.6% from Rs. 244.0 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 255.1 billion in fiscal 2025. Premiums on reinsurance ceded increased by 14.6% from
Rs. 14.8 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 16.9 billion in fiscal 2025. Fee and other life insurance-related income of our life insurance
subsidiary increased marginally by 2.0% from Rs. 26.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 26.6 billion in fiscal 2025.

Miscellaneous income

Miscellaneous income decreased from Rs. 12.8 billion
in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 5.1 billion in fiscal 2025.

Operating Expense

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of operating expense.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Payments to and provisions for employees   Rs.   191,720   Rs.   236,299   US$   2,766   23.3   %
Depreciation on own property   19,153   25,972   304   35.6   %
Auditor’s fees and expenses   265   349   4   31.7   %
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   502,601   738,062   8,639   46.8   %
Other operating expenses   264,089   277,318   3,247   5.0   %
Total operating expenses   Rs.   977,828   Rs.   1,278,000   US$   14,960   30.7   %

__________________

(1)   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of
the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. I-Process Services (India) Limited ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Bank effective from March 22, 2024. Accordingly, the operating expenses in fiscal 2025 is not directly comparable with the operating
expenses in fiscal 2024.

Operating expenses primarily include expenses
relating to our insurance business, payments to and provisions for employees and other operating expenses. Operating expenses increased
by 30.7% from Rs. 977.8 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,278.0 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in payments to and
provisions for employees and expenses relating to our insurance business.

Payments to and provisions for employees

Employee expenses increased by 23.3% from Rs.
191.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 236.3 billion in fiscal 2025. Our employee base, including sales executives, employees on fixed term
contracts and interns, decreased from 187,765 at year-end fiscal 2024 to 182,665 at year-end fiscal 2025.

137

Table of Contents

The employee expenses of ICICI Bank increased
by 9.2% from Rs. 151.4 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 165.4 billion in fiscal 2025. Employee expenses increased primarily due to an increase
in salary cost, provision for performance bonus, performance-linked retention pay, provision for retirement benefit obligations and fair
value accounting of employee stock options. Salary cost increased primarily due to annual increments and promotions. The average employee
base of ICICI Bank, including sales executives, employees on fixed term contracts and interns, decreased by 2.6% from 138,186 employees
in fiscal 2024 to 134,567 employees in fiscal 2025.

The employee expenses of ICICI Securities
increased by 37.1% from Rs. 8.4 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 11.5 billion in fiscal 2025 primarily due to increase in annual
increments in salary, employee headcount and increase in employee share-based payment cost. The employee expenses of ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited increased by 14.3% from Rs.16.3 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 18.7 billion in fiscal 2025.
The employee expenses of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited increased by 29.4% from Rs. 3.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 4.7
billion in fiscal 2025. The employee expenses of ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited increased by 18.1% from Rs. 5.2
billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 6.2 billion in fiscal 2025. The employee expenses of ICICI Bank UK increased by 10.1% from Rs. 2.6
billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 2.8 billion in fiscal 2025.

Depreciation

Depreciation on owned properties increased by
35.6 % from Rs. 19.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 26.0 billion in fiscal 2025.

Other operating expenses

Other operating expenses primarily include rent,
taxes and lighting, advertisement and publicity, repairs and maintenance, direct marketing agency expenses, premiums paid on purchases
of priority sector lending certificates and other expenditures. Other operating expenses for ICICI Group increased by 5.0% from Rs. 264.1
billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 277.3 billion in fiscal 2025.

Other operating expenses of the Bank increased
by 6.1% from Rs. 223.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 236.7 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in technology related
expenses, reward point expenses, premiums paid towards Priority Sector Lending Certificates and advertisement and sales promotion expenses.

Other operating expenses of our asset management
subsidiary increased from Rs. 5.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 7.8 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in business volume
linked brokerage and technology related expenses.

Other operating expenses of our home finance subsidiary
increased from Rs. 3.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 4.2 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in customer acquisition
expenses, professional and legal expenses and other expenses.

Other operating expenses of our life insurance
subsidiary decreased from Rs. 23.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 20.2 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to a decrease in advertisement
expenses.

Other operating expenses of our securities subsidiary
increased from Rs. 8.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 8.8 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in technology expenses,
provision on loans and depreciation and amortization of assets.

Expenses related to our insurance business

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. Accordingly, the expenses in fiscal 2025
are not directly comparable with the expenses in fiscal 2024.

Expenses related to our insurance business include
claims and benefit payouts, commission expenses and reserves for actuarial liability (including the investible portion of the premium
on unit-linked policies of our life insurance business). Expenses relating to our insurance business were Rs. 502.6 billion in fiscal
2024 and Rs. 738.1 billion in fiscal 2025.

The expenses related to our life insurance subsidiary
increased by 11.4% from Rs. 488.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 543.8 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in commission
paid from Rs. 37.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 48.6 billion in fiscal 2025, claims paid from Rs. 69.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs.
91.4 billion in fiscal 2025 and transfers to linked funds from Rs. 189.0 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 233.9 billion in fiscal 2025.

138

Table of Contents

The reserves for the actuarial liability of the
life insurance business for the investible portion of the premium on unit-linked policies increased by 23.7% from Rs. 189.0 billion in
fiscal 2024 to Rs. 233.9 billion in fiscal 2025 primarily due to an increase in linked premium income. The investible portion of the premium
on linked policies of our life insurance business represents the amount of premium, including renewal premium received on linked policies
of life insurance business invested, after deducting charges and the premium for risk coverage, in the underlying fund.

See also “
Business—Overview of
Our Products and Services—Insurance
”.

Provisions and Contingencies (Excluding Provisions
for Tax)

Provisions for Non-Performing Loans and Restructured
Loans

The Bank classifies its assets, including those
in overseas branches, as performing and non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The Bank’s home
finance subsidiary classifies its loans and other credit facilities in accordance with the guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India. Under
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, non-performing assets are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on certain
pre-defined criteria. Loans held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations, but which are
standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are identified as non-performing assets to the extent the loan amount is
outstanding in the host country. Loans in the Bank’s United Kingdom subsidiary are classified as impaired if there is objective
evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the loan, each, a loss event,
and that loss event or events has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. Loans in the
Bank’s Canadian subsidiary are considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
future cash flows of that loan have occurred.

A loan is classified as restructuring where a
concessionary modification such as changes in repayment period, principal amount, repayment installment or a reduction in rate of interest,
has been made and the loan is downgraded to non-performing. The restructuring of loans in the event of a natural disaster, restructuring
involving deferment of date of commencement of commercial operations for projects under implementation and restructuring for certain medium
and small medium enterprises continue to be classified as standard restructured loans. Further, the Reserve Bank of India provides a prudential
framework to implement a resolution plan in respect of eligible borrowers, while classifying such exposures as standard, subject to specified
conditions.

The Bank has enhanced internal controls for the
identification of non-performing assets, including the review of loan accounts for certain conditions primarily related to size, credit
rating and number of days past due.

The Bank makes provisions on assets based on their
classification as standard, sub-standard, doubtful or loss, as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements
of the Reserve Bank of India. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful assets are fully provided for or written off as required
by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. For loans and advances of overseas branches, the Bank makes provisions as per internal provisioning
norms or host country regulations, whichever is higher. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and advances and
against certain performing loans and advances in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India directions. The Bank’s United Kingdom
subsidiary maintains provision for loan losses at a level that management considers adequate to absorb identified credit related losses
as well as losses that have occurred but are not yet identifiable. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary maintains provision for all financial
assets using expected credit loss model. The expected credit loss for impaired financial assets is computed based on an individual assessment
of expected cash flows from such assets.

In respect of non-retail loans reported as frauds
to the Reserve Bank of India and classified in the doubtful category, the entire amount, without considering the value of any security,
is provided for over a period not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in which fraud has been detected. In respect of non-retail
loans where there has been a delay in reporting the fraud to the Reserve Bank of India or which are classified as loss accounts, the entire
amount is provided for immediately. In the case of fraud in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided for immediately. We make provisions
on restructured/rescheduled loans and advances in accordance with the applicable Reserve Bank of India guidelines on restructuring of
loans and advances by banks.

139

Table of Contents

In addition to the specific provision on non-performing
assets, we maintain a general provision on standard loans and advances and restructured/rescheduled loans and advances at rates prescribed
by the Reserve Bank of India. For standard loans and advances in overseas branches, we hold a general provision at the higher of host
country regulatory requirements and the Reserve Bank of India requirements. The Bank also makes additional general provision on loans
to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors, exposures to step-down subsidiaries of Indian companies, incremental exposure to borrowers
identified under the framework for large exposure of the Reserve Bank of India. Further, the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on “Resolution
Framework for COVID-19-related Stress” provides a prudential framework for resolution plan of certain loans. The Reserve Bank of
India circular requires banks to hold minimum 10% of provisions on these loans. The Bank makes general provisions on such loans at rates
equal to or higher than requirements stipulated in Reserve Bank of India circulars.

The Bank, on a prudent basis, has made contingency
provisions on certain loan portfolios. The Bank also makes additional contingency provisions on certain standard assets. The contingency
provisions are included in ‘Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

Non-Performing Loans Strategy

In respect of non-viable non-performing loans,
where borrowers have lost financial viability, we adopt an approach aimed at out-of-court settlements, enforcing collateral, driving consolidation
and seeking resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code under specific circumstances, which, among other measures, includes recovery
through the sale of a borrower’s assets in a time-bound manner. Our focus is on time value of recovery and a pragmatic approach
towards settlements. The collateral against our loan assets is the critical factor towards the success of our recovery efforts. In certain
accounts where the value of collateral against our loan has been eroded, we undertake charge-offs against loan loss allowances held. However,
we continue to pursue recovery efforts in these accounts, either jointly along with other lenders or individually through legal recourse
and settlements. We are also adopting an online dispute resolution mechanism (entailing mediation, conciliation or arbitration or combination
thereof administered by an independent institution) for speedy resolution of claims and disputes of certain retail assets and services
as an alternative to approaching courts or tribunals. In addition, we focus on proactive management of accounts under supervision. Our
strategy is aimed at early-stage solutions to incipient problems.

Our strategy for resolution of non-performing
assets includes sales of financial assets to asset reconstruction companies in exchange for receipt of securities in the form of pass-through
instruments issued by asset reconstruction companies, wherein payments to holders of the securities are based on the actual realized cash
flows from the transferred assets. Under Indian GAAP, these instruments are valued at the net asset values as declared by the asset reconstruction
companies in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under U.S. GAAP, the assets we sell in exchange for security receipts
are not accounted for as sales either because transfers do not qualify for sale accounting under FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers
and servicing”, or transfers were impacted by FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation – overall”, whereby, because
the Bank is the ‘primary beneficiary’ of certain of these funds/trusts, it is required under U.S. GAAP to consolidate these
entities. These assets are considered restructured assets under U.S. GAAP. “
Supervision and Regulation—Loan Loss Provisions
and Non-Performing Assets
”.

We monitor trends in the credit ratings of our
borrowers to enable us to take proactive remedial measures. We review the industry outlook and analyze the impact of changes in the regulatory
and fiscal environment. Our periodic review system helps us to monitor the health of accounts and to take prompt remedial measures. We
may seek to recover loans through enforcement of our rights in collateral. However, recoveries may be subject to delays of up to several
years, due to the long legal process in India. This leads to delay in enforcement and realization of collateral. We may also take as security
a pledge of financial assets, including marketable securities, and obtain corporate guarantees and personal guarantees of sponsors wherever
appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to sponsors’ shareholding in the borrower and restrictions
on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding. Covenants involving equity shares have top-up mechanisms based
on price triggers. We maintain the non-performing assets on our books for as long as the enforcement process is ongoing. Accordingly,
a non-performing asset may continue for a long time in our portfolio until the settlement of a loan account or realization of collateral,
which may be longer than that for U.S. banks under similar circumstances. See also “Business—
Loan portfolio—Collateral—Completion,
Perfection and Enforcement
”.

Secured loans to retail customers are secured
by the assets financed (predominantly property and vehicles). We are entitled in terms of our security documents to repossess security
comprising assets such as plants, equipment and vehicles without reference to the courts or tribunals unless a client makes a reference
to such courts or tribunals to stay our actions. In respect of our retail loans, we adopt a standardized collection process designed to
ensure prompt action for follow-up on overdue loans and recovery of defaulted amounts.

140

Table of Contents

Non-performing Loans

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the change in our gross (net of write-offs, interest suspense and derivatives income reversal) non-performing loan portfolio
(1)
.

At March 31,
Particulars   2024   2025   2025
(in millions)
A. Consumer loans and credit card receivables (2)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   102,541   Rs.   119,232   US$   1,396
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   147,378   176,661   2,068
Less: Upgrade (3)   (44,259   )   (45,869   )   (537   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (35,507   )   (44,182   )   (517   )
Write-offs   (50,921   )   (74,288   )   (870   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   119,232   Rs.   131,554   US$   1,540
B. Commercial (4)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   209,929   Rs.   160,376   US$   1,877
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   47,242   33,098   387
Less: Upgrade (3)   (48,040   )   (11,446   )   (134   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (32,602   )   (41,158   )   (482   )
Write-offs   (16,153   )   (29,114   )   (340   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   160,376   Rs.   111,756   US$   1,308
C. Leasing and related activities
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   US$   —
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   —   —   —
Less: Upgrade (3)   —   —   —
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   —   —   —
Write-offs   —   —   —
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   US$   —
D. Total non-performing loans (A+B+C)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   312,470   Rs.   279,608   US$   3,273
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   194,620   209,759   2,455
Less: Upgrade (3)   (92,299   )   (57,315   )   (671   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (68,109   )   (85,340   )   (999   )
Write-offs   (67,074   )   (103,402   )   (1,210   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year (4)   Rs.   279,608   Rs.   243,310   US$   2,848

__________________

(1)   Includes loans identified as impaired in accordance with guidelines issued by regulators of the respective subsidiaries.

(2)   Includes home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, two-wheeler loans, personal loans, credit card receivables, jewel
loans, farm equipment loans and other rural loan products.

(3)   Represents accounts that were previously classified as non-performing but have been upgraded to performing.

(4)   Includes working capital finance.

Gross additions to non-performing consumer loans
increased from Rs. 147.4 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 176.7 billion in fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2025, we upgraded non-performing consumer
loans of Rs. 45.9 billion as compared to Rs. 44.3 billion in fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2025, we made recoveries against non-performing consumer
loans of Rs. 44.1 billion (fiscal 2024: Rs. 35.5 billion) and wrote off non-performing loans amounting to Rs. 74.3 billion (fiscal 2024:
Rs. 50.9 billion). Gross non-performing consumer loans increased from Rs. 119.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 131.6 billion at
year-end fiscal 2025.

141

Table of Contents

The gross additions to non-performing commercial
loans decreased from Rs. 47.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 33.1 billion in fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2025, we upgraded non-performing commercial
loans amounting to Rs. 11.4 billion as compared to Rs. 48.0 billion in fiscal 2024 and made recoveries of non-performing commercial loans
amounting to Rs. 41.2 billion in fiscal 2025 as compared to Rs. 32.6 billion in fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2025, commercial loans amounting
to Rs. 29.1 billion were written-off, as compared to Rs. 16.2 billion in fiscal 2024, based on a borrower-specific evaluation of the probability
of recovery and collectability of the loans. Gross non-performing commercial loans decreased from Rs. 160.4 billion at year-end fiscal
2024 to Rs. 111.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

As a result of the above, our gross non-performing
loans decreased by 13.0% from Rs. 279.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 243.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Our net non-performing
loans increased by 5.5% from Rs. 58.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 61.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. The net non-performing
loans ratio decreased from 0.5% at year-end fiscal 2024 to 0.4% at year-end fiscal 2025.

The total non-fund based outstanding to borrowers
classified as non-performing was Rs. 30.8 billion at March 31, 2025, as compared to Rs. 36.7 billion at March 31, 2024.

Restructured Loans

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
information regarding roll-forward and average balances of standard restructured loans.

At March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Opening balance (gross restructured loans)   Rs.   52,514   Rs.   35,680   US$   418   (32.1   )
Add: Loans restructured during the year   1,231   —   —   —
Add: Increase in loans outstanding in respect of previously restructured loans/borrowers   995   516   6   (48.1   )
Less: Loans upgraded to standard category during the year   (1,144   )   —   —   —
Less: Loans downgraded to non-performing category during the year   (3,887   )   (1,964   )   (23   )   (49.5   )
Less: Repayments/change in management/conversion to equity shares during the year   (14,029   )   (10,634   )   (125   )   (52.5   )
Gross restructured loans   Rs.   35,680   Rs.   23,598   US$   276   (33.9   %)
Provisions for restructured loans   (1,443   )   (900   )   (11   )   (37.6   )
Net restructured loans   Rs.   34,237   Rs.   22,698   US$   265   (33.7   %)
Average balance of net restructured loans (1)   Rs.   42,685   Rs.   25,824   US$   512   (41.1   %)
Gross loans   Rs.   12,830,460   Rs.   14,389,294   US$   168,434   (12.1   %)
Net loans   Rs.   12,607,762   Rs.   14,206,637   US$   166,296   (12.7   %)
Gross restructured loans as a percentage of gross loans   0.3   %   0.2   %
Net restructured loans as a percentage of net loans   0.3   %   0.2   %

__________________

(1)   The average balance is the average of quarterly balances outstanding at the end of March of the previous year and June, September,
December and March of the current year.

(2)   In addition, the Bank holds general provision amounting to Rs. 5,989 million at year-end fiscal 2025 (year-end fiscal 2024: Rs. 9,034
million) on these restructured loans, subject to minimum provisioning requirement as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of
India.

In fiscal 2024, we restructured loans of borrowers
classified as standard, as well as made additional disbursements to borrowers whose loans had been restructured in prior years, aggregating
to Rs. 1.2 billion. Further, in fiscal 2025, restructured standard loans amounting to Rs. 2.0 billion were classified as non-performing
due to failure of borrowers to perform as per restructured debt terms. The gross outstanding standard restructured loans decreased from
Rs. 35.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 23.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, and the net outstanding restructured loans decreased
from Rs. 34.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs.22.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

142

Table of Contents

The Bank’s outstanding non-fund-based facilities
to borrowers whose loans were classified as restructured were Rs. 2.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

The aggregate gross non-performing and standard
restructured loans decreased by Rs. 48.4 billion, or 15.3%, from Rs. 315.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 266.9 billion at year-end
fiscal 2025. The aggregate net non-performing and restructured loans decreased by Rs. 8.3 billion, or 9.0%, from Rs. 92.6 billion at year-end
fiscal 2024 to Rs. 84.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

Provisions and contingencies (excluding provision
for tax)

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the composition of provisions and contingencies, excluding provisions for tax.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 %change
(in millions, except percentages)
Provision for investments (net)   Rs.   7,050   Rs.   8,001   US$   94   13.5   %
Provision for non-performing and other assets   9,636   41,272   483   —
Provision for standard assets   11,658   7,011   82   (39.9   )
Others   8,780   (7,226   )   (85   )   N/M
Total provisions and contingencies (excluding provision for tax)   Rs.   37,124   Rs.   49,058   US$   574   32.1   %

__________________

(1)   N/M’ means “Not meaningful”.

Provisions and contingencies (excluding provision
for tax) increased by 32.1% from Rs. 37.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 49.1 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in provision
on non-performing and other assets, partially offset by a decrease in other provisions and contingencies.

Provision for non-performing and other assets
increased from a provision of Rs 9.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to a provision of Rs. 41.3 billion in fiscal 2025. During fiscal 2025, there
were higher net additions to non-performing assets primarily in retail and rural loans. During fiscal 2024, there were higher recoveries
from non-performing assets and upgrades in non-retail loans.

Provision for investments increased from a provision
of Rs. 7.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 8.0 billion in fiscal 2025. During fiscal 2025, ICICI Bank made a provision of Rs. 16.1 billion
on security receipts received on conversion of loans, partially offset by a write-back of provisions amounting to Rs. 3.9 billion on its
investment in alternate investment funds, Rs. 2.4 billion on redemption of security receipts and Rs. 0.4 billion on equity shares due
to an increase in share price.

The Reserve Bank of India, through its revised
norms for Government Guaranteed security receipts issued on March 29, 2025, has permitted banks to reverse any excess provisions to the
Profit and Loss Account in the year of transfer, if a loan is transferred to an asset reconstruction company for a value higher than the
net book value, and the sale consideration comprises only of cash and security receipts guaranteed by the Government of India. During
fiscal 2025, ICICI Bank held government guaranteed security receipts of Rs. 17.0 billion, which were fully provided. The Bank, on a prudent
basis, continued to hold provisions against such security receipts, which will be reversed on actual receipt of recoveries or approval
of claims, if any, by the government.

Provision for standard assets decreased from Rs.
11.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 7.0 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to a decrease in provision for standard assets of the Bank.
Provision for standard assets of the Bank decreased from Rs. 11.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 5.8 billion in fiscal 2025. During fiscal
2024, the provision for standard assets were higher primarily due to an increase in domestic loans and upgrade of certain impaired loans
to standard.

143

Table of Contents

Other provisions decreased from a provision of
Rs. 8.8 billion in fiscal 2024 to a write-back of Rs. 7.2 billion in fiscal 2025.

Provision for Tax

The provision for income tax expense increased
from Rs. 154.3 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 184.3 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in profit before tax. The effective
tax rate increased marginally from 25.1% in fiscal 2024 to 25.3% in fiscal 2025.

Financial Position

Assets

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
the principal components of assets.

At March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 %change
(in millions, except percentages)
Cash and cash equivalents (1)   Rs.   1,627,689   Rs.   2,140,235   US$   25,052   31.5   %
Investments   8,271,625   8,863,768   103,755   7.2
Advances (net of provisions)   12,607,762   14,206,637   166,296   12.7
Fixed assets   132,403   158,124   1,851   19.4
Other assets   976,409   969,056   11,343   (0.8   )
Goodwill on consolidation   24,742   84,594   990   —
Total assets   Rs.   23,640,630   Rs.   26,422,414   US$   309,287   11.8   %

__________________

(1)   Includes cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and short notice.

(2)   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February
29, 2024. I-Process Services (India) Limited ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from
March 22, 2024. Accordingly, assets at year-end fiscal 2025 are not directly comparable with the assets at year-end fiscal 2024.

Our total assets increased by 11.8% from Rs. 23,640.6
billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 26,422.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in net advances, investments
and cash and cash equivalents.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents increased by 31.5% from
Rs. 1,627.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 2,140.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in balance with
the Reserve Bank of India to maintain adequate cash reserve ratio, standing deposit facility lending to the Reserve Bank of India, balance
with banks outside India, partially offset by a decrease in call and short money lending in India.

Investments

Total investments increased by 7.2% from Rs. 8,271.6
billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 8,863.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

Investments of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited increased from Rs. 2,843.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 2,999.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Investments
held to cover linked liabilities decreased from Rs. 1,648.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,612.4 billion at year-end fiscal
2025, primarily attributable to unrealized losses due to the negative equity market performance during the later part of the year. Consequently,
the new investments made during this period have been adversely affected, resulting in unrealized losses. Investments, other than investments
held to cover linked liabilities, increased from Rs. 1,195.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,387 billion at year-end fiscal 2025
primarily attributable to net inflows into the fund.

Investments of the Bank increased from Rs. 4,619.4
billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 5,047.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in investments in Indian
government securities, certificate of deposits, equity investment in ICICI Securities and bonds and debentures, offset, in part,
by a decrease in commercial paper and pass through certificates.

144

Table of Contents

During fiscal 2025, pursuant to the Scheme of
Arrangement between ICICI Bank, ICICI Securities and their respective shareholders (the “Scheme”), the Bank issued
equity shares to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities in exchange for the Bank’s acquisition of the remaining shares
of ICICI Securities held by public shareholders. Following the Bank’s purchase of the shares held by public shareholders,
ICICI Securities became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank and has been delisted from the stock exchanges.

Investments of ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited increased from Rs. 35.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 41.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to
gain on sale of securities and increase in interest and dividend income.

Investments of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Limited increased from Rs. 315.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 346.4 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in position
in government securities and corporate bonds.

Investments of ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited increased from Rs. 23.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 32.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to
fair valuation of investments.

Our total investment in Indian government securities
increased by 5.7% from Rs. 5,055.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 5,345.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

At year-end fiscal 2025, the Bank had no outstanding
net investment in security receipts issued by asset reconstruction companies as compared to Rs. 0.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. See
also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Investment Banking—Treasury
”.

Classification of investments

During the year ended March 31, 2025,
the Bank implemented the Master Direction on Classification, Valuation and Operations of Investment portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions),
2023. The implementation of these master directions has resulted in the reclassification of the existing investment portfolio of the Bank.
Accordingly, the previous period information may not be directly comparable with fiscal 2025. A detailed explanation of changes in the
accounting policy due to implementation of this master direction is provided in schedule 17: Significant Accounting Policy.

Held-to-maturity

The amortized cost of our held-to-maturity
portfolio increased from Rs. 4,442.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 4,875.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to
an increase in investment in government securities and corporate debt securities. Net unrealized gain on the held-to-maturity portfolio
increased from Rs. 23.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 121.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Interest earned on the held-to-maturity
debt portfolio increased from Rs. 261.3 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 326.5 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in average
portfolio.

Available-for-sale

The amortized cost of our available-for-sale portfolio
decreased from Rs. 1,303.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,192.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. The investment in government
securities decreased from Rs. 671.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 620.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. The investments in corporate
debt securities decreased from Rs. 205.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs 114.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Investments in other
debt securities increased from Rs. 194.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 254.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Investments in
equity shares increased from Rs. 189.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 190.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. At year-end fiscal
2025, equity shares classified as available-for-sale amounting to Rs. 98.6 billion were held by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited, Rs. 72.4 billion were held by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Rs. 18.8 billion were held by the Bank. Other
investments (primarily comprised of mutual fund units, security receipts, venture fund units and preference shares) decreased from Rs.
43.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 13.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

145

Table of Contents

Net unrealized gain on debt
investments was Rs. 8.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 as compared to a net unrealized gain of Rs. 5.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2024,
primarily due to net unrealized gain on other debt securities. Net unrealized gain on equity securities decreased from Rs. 91.3 billion
at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 54.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

Net unrealized
gain on other investments was Rs. 0.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 as compared to a net unrealized gain of Rs. 4.2 billion at
year-end fiscal 2024
,
primarily due to a decrease in unrealized gain on equity mutual fund
investments to Rs. 4.3 billion.

Held-for-trading

Investments in held-for-trading debt
securities increased from Rs. 840.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,054.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to an
increase in investment in government securities, certificate of deposits, commercial paper and corporate bonds.

Advances

Net advances increased by 12.7 % from Rs. 12,607.8
billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 14,206.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in retail advances of ICICI
Bank.

Net advances of the Bank increased by 13.3% from
Rs. 11,844.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 13,417.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Net retail advances of the Bank increased
by 8.9% from Rs. 6,588.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 7,172.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Net business banking advances
of the Bank increased by 33.7% from Rs. 1,970.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 2,633.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Net advances
of the Bank’s overseas branches decreased by 8% from Rs. 334.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 307.9 billion at year-end
fiscal 2025. See also “
Business – Loan Portfolio
”.

Net advances of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited
increased by 24.7% from Rs. 221.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 275.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to new disbursements,
partially offset by sell-down of retail mortgage loans.

Net advances of ICICI Bank UK increased by
13.3% from Rs. 86.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 98.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in portfolio
of joint ventures and subsidiaries of Indian corporates.

Net advances of ICICI Bank Canada decreased by
17% from Rs. 321.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 266.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to a decrease in residential
mortgages and corporate investment portfolio, partially offset by an increase in commercial mortgages.

Fixed and other assets

Fixed assets include premises, furniture and fixtures,
assets given on lease and other fixed assets. Fixed assets increased by 19.4 % from Rs. 132.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 158.1
billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

Other assets decreased from Rs. 976.4 billion
at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 969.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to a decrease in RIDF deposits and positive mark-to-market
on foreign exchange and derivatives transactions, partially offset by an increase in margin deposit paid for treasury product and interest accrued
on loans and investments. The Bank is an active participant in the interest and foreign exchange derivatives market. While the positive
mark-to-market on such transactions are accounted in ‘Other Assets’, the negative mark-to-market are accounted in ‘Other
Liabilities’. Other assets of our general insurance business were Rs. 134.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 and Rs. 147.0 billion
at year-end fiscal 2025.

Goodwill on consolidation

Goodwill on consolidation increased from Rs. 24.7
billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 84.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 pursuant to the Scheme amongst ICICI Bank and ICICI Securities
and their respective shareholders, ICICI Securities has been delisted from stock exchanges on March 24, 2025 and became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank. The Bank issued 56,008,117 equity shares of the Bank of face value Rs. 2 each in accordance with
the Scheme to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities. In accordance with the Scheme, the Bank recognized a securities premium
of Rs. 68.9 billion based on the market price of equity shares (at effective date) of the

146

Table of Contents

Bank. Further, pursuant to the Scheme, the Bank granted 2,960,270 options
and 618,910 units to the employees of ICICI Securities. Accordingly, the Bank recognized goodwill of Rs. 55.5 billion in its consolidated
financial statements at March 31, 2025 on account of the acquisition of the additional stake in ICICI Securities.

Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
the principal components of liabilities and stockholders’ equity.

At March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Deposits   Rs.   14,435,800   Rs.   16,416,374   US$   192,162   13.7   %
Borrowings (1)   2,074,280   2,188,834   25,621   5.5
Other liabilities   4,430,228   4,529,780   53,023   2.2
Total liabilities   20,940,308   23,134,988   270,806   10.5
Minority interest   138,884   148,367   1,737   6.8
Capital   14,047   14,246   167   1.4
Reserves and surplus (2)   2,547,391   3,124,813   36,577   22.7
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   Rs.   23,640,630   Rs.   26,422,414   US$   309,287   11.8   %

__________________

(1)   Includes subordinated debt.

(2)   Includes employees’ stock options outstanding.

(3)   ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. I-Process Services (India)
Limited ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from March 22, 2024. Accordingly, the liabilities
at year-end fiscal 2025 are not directly comparable with the liabilities at year-end fiscal 2024.

Our total liabilities (including capital, reserves
and surplus and minority interest) increased by 11.8% from Rs. 23,640.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 26,422.4 billion at year-end
fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in deposits and net worth.

Deposits

Deposits increased by 13.7% from Rs. 14,435.8
billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 16,416.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

Deposits of the Bank increased by 14.0% from Rs.
14,128.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 16,103.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Term deposits increased by 14.6 % from Rs. 8,169.5
billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 9,366.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Savings account deposits increased by 9.6% from Rs. 4,023.0
billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 4,407.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 and current account deposits increased by 20.3% from Rs.
1,935.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 2,329.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. The current and savings account deposits increased
by 13.1% from Rs. 5,958.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 6,737.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Deposits of overseas branches
increased from Rs. 151.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 185.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. The total deposits of the Bank
at year-end fiscal 2025 comprised 92.9% of its funding (i.e., deposits and borrowings) as compared to 91.9% at year-end fiscal 2024. See
also
“Selected Statistical Information—Funding”.

Deposits of ICICI Bank UK increased from Rs.
137.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 161.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in corporate deposits.

Deposits of ICICI Bank Canada decreased from Rs.
196.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 175.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to a decrease in current and term deposits.

Average savings account deposits increased by
9.9% from Rs. 3,625.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 3,984.3 billion in fiscal 2025. Average current account deposits increased by 11.4%
from Rs. 1,532.4 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,706.9 billion in fiscal 2025. Average current account and savings account deposits increased
by 10.3% from Rs. 5,158.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 5,691.2 billion in fiscal 2025. The average current account and savings account
ratio was at 38.8% at year-end fiscal 2025 as compared to 40.1% at year-end fiscal 2024. Average current account and savings account deposits
were 33.0% of the funding (i.e., deposits and borrowings) for fiscal 2025 as compared to 34.0% for fiscal 2024.

147

Table of Contents

Borrowings

Borrowings increased by 5.5% from Rs. 2,074.3
billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 2,188.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

Borrowings of ICICI Home Finance Company increased
from Rs. 186.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 244.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in bond borrowing,
term loans from banks, commercial papers and fixed deposits.

Borrowings of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Company increased from Rs. 319.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 367.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase
in repo borrowings.

Borrowings of ICICI Securities increased
from Rs. 166.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 208.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in short term
borrowings in form of commercial papers to support increase in margin trading facility book.

Borrowings of the Bank decreased by 1.1% from
Rs. 1,249.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,235.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to a decrease in privately placed
bonds, term money borrowings and foreign currency bond borrowing, offset, in part, by an increase refinance borrowing, call money borrowing
and call money borrowings foreign currency. Net borrowings of overseas branches decreased from Rs. 295.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024
to Rs. 244.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

Borrowings of ICICI Bank Canada decreased from
Rs. 132.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 103.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to a decrease in secured mortgage
borrowings, offset, in part, by increase in treasury borrowings.

Other liabilities

Other liabilities primarily consist of
sundry creditors, bills payable and liabilities on insurance policies in force pertaining to our insurance subsidiary. Other
liabilities increased by 2.2% from Rs. 4,430.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 4,529.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.
Liabilities on policies in force of our life insurance business increased by 4.6% from Rs. 2,813.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2024
to Rs. 2,943.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Other liabilities of the Bank decreased by 3.2% from Rs. 953.2 billion at year-end
fiscal 2024 to Rs. 922.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to a decrease in bills payable and mark to market on foreign
exchange and derivatives transactions. Other liabilities of our general insurance business were Rs. 503.2 billion at year-end fiscal
2024 and Rs. 540.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

Capital and reserves and surplus

Capital and reserves and surplus increased from
Rs. 2,561.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 3,139.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to the annual accretion to reserves
and surplus out of profit, partially offset by payment of dividend.

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

Please refer to “
Consolidated financial
Statements—Consolidated cash flow statements
.”

Cash and cash equivalents increased by 31.5% from
Rs. 1,627.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 2,140.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

The net cash inflow from operating activities
decreased from 1,572.8 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,228.1 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to a lower increase in deposits and
lower decrease in investments in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024.

148

Table of Contents

The net cash outflow from investing activities
increased from Rs. 1,459.3 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 772.9 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to a lower net purchase of held-to-maturity
securities in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024.

The net cash inflow from financing activities
decreased from Rs. 137.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 55.9 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to a decrease in net inflow from short-term
borrowings in fiscal 2025 as compared to fiscal 2024.

For a discussion of our results in fiscal 2024
compared to fiscal 2023 and certain comparative numbers in fiscal 2024, please refer to “Part I — Item 5. Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects” contained in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal 2024 filed with the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission
on July 31, 2024.

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements

Foreign Exchange and Derivatives Contracts

We enter into foreign exchange forwards, options,
swaps and other derivatives products to enable customers to transfer, modify or reduce their foreign exchange and interest rate risks
and to manage our own interest rate and foreign exchange positions. These instruments are used to manage foreign exchange and interest
rate risk relating to specific groups of on-balance sheet assets and liabilities. For additional details, see also note 13 to our “Consolidated
financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Guarantees

We have issued guarantees to support business
requirements of certain of our clients. Guarantees represent irrevocable assurances that the Bank will pay in the event a customer fails
to fulfill its financial or performance obligations. The guarantees are generally for a period not exceeding 10 years. We enter into guarantee
arrangements after conducting appropriate due diligence on our clients. We generally review these facilities on an annual basis. If a
client’s risk profile deteriorates to an unacceptable level, we may choose not to renew the guarantee upon expiry or may require
additional security sufficient to protect our exposure.

Upon default by a client under the terms of the
guarantee, the beneficiary may exercise its rights under the guarantees, and we are obligated to honor payments to the beneficiaries.
Banks and financial institutions are beneficiaries for some of our financial guarantees, so as to enable clients to receive financial
assistance from these banks and financial institutions. If our clients default on such loans, the banks and financial institutions may
exercise their rights under the guarantee and we would be obligated to honor payments to them.

For additional details, see also note 22(o) to
our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

Commitments

Securitization

ICICI Group primarily securitizes retail loans
through securitization transactions involving special purpose entities, usually constituted as trusts. After securitization of the loans,
we continue to act as the servicing agent, maintain customer account relationships and service these set of loans transferred to the securitization
trusts.

ICICI Group acts in different capacities and under
different contracts for a consideration including as originator, liquidity facility provider, servicing agent credit enhancement provider,
underwriter, and senior contributor. ICICI Group has provided credit enhancements (first loss and second loss enhancement) on securitized
pools originated by the Bank and guarantees (second loss enhancement) provided to the pools originated by a third party.

The total outstanding first loss credit enhancements
at year-end fiscal 2025 were Rs. 0.7 billion and second loss credit enhancements were Rs 0.7 billion for securitized pools originated
by the Bank. With respect to the second loss guarantees provided to the third party originated pools, the outstanding at year-end fiscal
2025 was Rs 1.2 billion.

149

Table of Contents

Loan Commitments

We have outstanding undrawn commitments to provide
loans and financing to customers. The commitments have fixed expiration dates and are generally contingent upon the borrower’s ability
to continue to meet specified credit standards. For additional details, see also note 11 to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Capital Commitments

We are obligated under a number of capital contracts.
Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature, which have been committed. For additional details, see also note 12 to our “Consolidated
financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Long-term Debt Obligations

Long-term debt represents debt with an original
contractual maturity greater than one year. Maturity distribution is based on contractual maturity, or the date at which the debt is callable
at the option of the holder, whichever is earlier.

For additional details, see also note 3 to our
“Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

Time Deposits

Time deposits represent deposits with fixed maturity
terms. Most of the time deposits can be withdrawn by the depositors any time before maturity, subject to certain prepayment charges.

For additional details, see also note 2 to our
“Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

Life Insurance Obligations

Life insurance obligations primarily include liabilities
for life insurance policies, including both unit-linked and non-linked policies.

A unit-linked life insurance policy is a policy
in which the cash value of the policy varies according to the net asset value of units (i.e., shares) in investment assets chosen by the
policyholder. The unit liability is equal to the net asset value of the units in each policy as of the valuation date. The non-unit liability
for linked insurance policies and the liability for non-linked life insurance policies is calculated using the gross premium method using
assumptions for interest, mortality, expense and inflation. For participating policies, the assumptions are also made for future bonuses,
together with allowances for taxation and allocation of profits to shareholders. These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates
at the date of valuation with allowances for adverse deviations.

Total life insurance obligations at year-end fiscal
2025 was Rs. 7,409.6 billion.

Gratuity Obligations

We provide gratuity, a defined benefit retirement
plan covering all employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service. The plan provides a lump sum
payment to eligible employees at retirement or termination of employment based on the respective employee’s salary and years of
employment with us.

For additional details, see also note 22(j) to
our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

Pension Obligations

The Bank provides pensions—deferred retirement
plans—covering certain employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. The plans provide for monthly
pension payments to these employees when they retire and are based on the respective employees’ years of service with the Bank,
the applicable salary and a cost of living adjustment.

150

Table of Contents

For additional details, see also note 22(j) to
our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

Operating and Finance Lease Obligations

We have commitments under long-term operating
leases and finance leases principally for premises and office equipment.

For additional details, see also note 22(k) to
our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes”
included herein.

Capital Resources

We actively manage our capital to meet regulatory
norms and current and future business needs, considering the risks in our businesses, expectations of rating agencies, shareholders and
investors, and the available options of raising capital. Our capital management framework is administered by the Finance Group and the
Risk Management Group under the supervision of the Board and the Risk Committee. The capital adequacy position and assessment is reported
to the Board and the Risk Committee periodically.

Regulatory Capital

The Bank is subject to the Basel III capital adequacy
guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India applicable from April 1, 2013.

The Basel III rules on capital consist of measures
on improving the quality, consistency and transparency of capital, enhancing risk coverage, introducing a supplementary leverage ratio,
reducing pro-cyclicality and promoting counter-cyclical buffers and addressing systemic risk and inter-connectedness.

At year-end fiscal 2025, ICICI Bank was required
to maintain a minimum Common Equity Tier-1 capital ratio of 8.20%, minimum Tier-1 capital ratio of 9.70% and minimum total capital ratio
of 11.70%. The minimum total capital requirement includes a capital conservation buffer of 2.50% and a capital surcharge of 0.20% on account
of the Bank being designated as a Domestic Systemically Important Bank (D-SIB). Under Pillar 1 of the Reserve Bank of India guidelines
on Basel III, the Bank follows the standardized approach for measurement of credit risk, the standardized duration method for measurement
of market risk and the basic indicator approach for measurement of operational risk.

Unconsolidated capital adequacy position

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
regulatory capital, risk-weighted assets and risk-based capital ratios computed in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel
III guidelines and based on the Bank’s unconsolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP.

As per the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines
At year-end fiscal 2024 (1)   2025 (1)   2025
(in millions, except percentages)
Tier 1 capital   Rs.   2,142,170   Rs.   2,567,375   US$   25,704
Of which: Common equity Tier 1 capital   2,142,170   2,567,375   25,704
Tier 2 capital   100,104   99,246   1,201
Total capital   Rs.   2,242,274   Rs.   2,666,621   US$   26,905
Credit risk: risk-weighted assets   Rs.   11,605,272   Rs.   13,986,923   US$   139,252
Market risk: risk-weighted assets   836,497   592,584   10,037
Operational risk: risk-weighted assets   1,285,848   1,531,537   15,429
Total risk-weighted assets   Rs.   13,727,617   Rs.   16,111,044   US$   164,718
Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   15.6   %   16.0   %
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   15.6   %   16.0   %
Tier 2 risk-based capital ratio   0.7   %   0.6   %
Total risk-based capital ratio   16.3   %   16.6   %

__________________

(1)   Post appropriation of proposed dividend

151

Table of Contents

In fiscal 2025, capital funds (net of deductions)
increased by Rs. 424.3 billion from Rs. 2,242.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 2,666.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily
due to an increase in retained earnings (net of proposed dividend), partially offset by redemption of subordinated debt instruments.

Risk-weighted assets relating to credit risk increased
by Rs. 2,381.6 billion from Rs. 11,605.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 13,986.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due
to an increase of Rs. 2,172.9 billion in risk-weighted assets for on-balance sheet assets and an increase of Rs. 208.7 billion in risk-weighted
assets for off-balance sheet exposures. On-balance sheet risk-weighted assets increased primarily due to growth in advances, recategorization
of certain exposures for risk weighting purposes and inclusion of capital charge on the available-for-sale investments as per the revised
Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Off-balance sheet risk-weighted assets increased primarily due to an increase in non-fund exposures.

Risk-weighted assets relating to market risk decreased
by Rs. 243.9 billion from Rs. 836.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 to Rs. 592.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, primarily due to exclusion
of capital charge on the available-for-sale investments as per the revised Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Risk-weighted assets relating to operational risk
increased by Rs. 245.7 billion from Rs. 1,285.9 billion at March 31, 2024 to Rs. 1,531.5 billion at March 31, 2025. The operational risk
capital charge is computed based on 15% of the average of the previous three financial years’ gross income and is revised on an
annual basis and the risk-weighted assets are arrived at by multiplying the capital charge by 12.5.

Consolidated capital adequacy position

Consolidation for regulatory capital calculations
is based on the consolidated financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries, in line with the standards on consolidated prudential
reporting issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The entities considered for consolidation for regulatory capital calculations include subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures of the Bank, which carry on activities of a banking or of a financial nature as stated in the reporting
guidelines prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. Entities engaged in the insurance business and businesses not pertaining to financial
services are excluded from consolidation for capital adequacy calculation. Under the Basel III guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India,
equity and other regulatory capital investments in the unconsolidated insurance and non-financial subsidiaries are deducted from consolidated
regulatory capital of the group.

At year-end fiscal 2025, our total risk-based
capital ratios at the consolidated level as per Basel III guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India were common equity Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio of 15.81%, Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 15.81% and total risk-based capital ratio of 16.41% against the current requirement
of minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.20%, a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 9.70% and a minimum total capital ratio of 11.70%
respectively.

Internal assessment of capital

Our capital management framework includes a comprehensive
internal capital adequacy assessment process conducted annually which determines the adequate level of capitalization required to meet
regulatory norms and current and future business needs. The Bank also performs adequate stress testing, as determined by several stress
scenarios. The internal capital adequacy assessment process is undertaken at both the standalone bank level and the consolidated group
level. The internal capital adequacy assessment process encompasses capital planning for a four-year time horizon, assessment of material
risks and the relationship between risk and capital.

The capital management framework is complemented
by our risk management framework, which covers the policies, processes, methodologies and frameworks established for the management of
material risks. Stress testing, which is a key aspect of the internal capital adequacy assessment process and the risk management framework,
provides an insight into the impact of extreme but plausible scenarios on the risk profile and capital position. Based on our Board-approved
stress testing framework, we conduct stress tests on our various portfolios and assess the impact on our capital ratios and the adequacy
of our capital buffers for current and future periods. We periodically assess and refine our stress testing framework in an effort to
ensure that the stress scenarios capture material risks as well as reflect possible extreme market moves that could arise as a result
of market conditions and the operating environment. The business and capital plans and the stress testing results of ICICI Group are integrated
into the internal capital adequacy assessment process.

152

Table of Contents

Based on the internal capital adequacy assessment
process, we determine the level of capital that needs to be maintained by considering the following factors in an integrated manner:

·   strategic focus, business plan and growth objectives;

·   regulatory capital requirements as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines;

·   assessment of material risks and impact of stress testing;

·   perception of shareholders and investors;

·   future strategy with regard to investments or divestments in subsidiaries; and

·   evaluation of options to raise capital from domestic and overseas markets, as permitted by the Reserve Bank of India from time to
time.

We continue to monitor relevant developments and
believe that our current robust capital adequacy position and demonstrated track record of access to domestic and overseas markets for
capital raising will enable us to maintain the necessary levels of capital as required by regulations while continuing to grow our business.

Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is the current and prospective
risk arising out of an inability to meet financial commitments as they fall due, through available cash flows or through the sale of assets
at fair market value. It includes both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding an asset portfolio at appropriate maturities
and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner at a reasonable price. We actively monitor our liquidity position
and attempt to maintain adequate liquidity at all times. Most of our incremental funding requirements are met through short-term funding
sources, primarily in the form of deposits including interbank deposits. However, a large portion of our assets, primarily the corporate
and home loan portfolio, have medium or long-term maturities, creating a potential for funding mismatches.

The Bank promotes a continuous information flow
and an active dialogue between the funding and borrowing divisions of the Bank to enable optimal liquidity management. A separate group
is responsible for liquidity management. ICICI Bank is required to submit gap reports in rupee and other major currencies for domestic
operations on a fortnightly basis to the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank prepares a daily maturity gap analysis for the overseas operations
and rupee book for the domestic operations. Our static gap analysis is also supplemented by a short-term dynamic cash-flow analysis, in
order to provide the liability raising units with a fair estimate of our funding requirements in the near-term. In addition, the Bank
monitor its liquidity coverage ratio on a daily basis and certain other liquidity ratios on a fortnightly basis. ICICI Bank has a liquidity
contingency plan in place, through which the Bank monitors key indicators that could signal potential liquidity challenges, to enable
us to take necessary measures to ensure sufficient liquidity.

Sources of Funding and Liquidity

The Bank maintains diverse sources of liquidity
to facilitate flexibility in meeting funding requirements. Incremental operations in India are principally funded by accepting deposits
from retail and corporate depositors. These deposits are augmented by issuance of certificate of deposits, borrowings in the short-term
interbank market, through refinance agencies and through the issuance of bonds. The Bank also has recourse to the liquidity adjustment
facility and marginal standing facility, which are short-term funding arrangements provided by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank generally
maintains a substantial portfolio of high-quality liquid securities that may be sold on an immediate basis to meet our liquidity needs.
ICICI Bank also has the option of managing liquidity by borrowing in the interbank market on a short-term basis. The overnight market,
which is a significant part of the interbank market, is susceptible to volatile interest rates. These interest rates on certain occasions
have reached highs of 100.0% and above. To curtail reliance on such volatile funding sources, our Asset Liability Management Policy stipulates
daily limits for borrowing and lending in this market. ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited also relies on the repo market and
interbank money market for its funding requirements. It is therefore also exposed to similar risk of volatile interest rates. However,
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited being a primary dealer, also has access to the standing liquidity facility and the liquidity
adjustment facility from Reserve Bank of India.

153

Table of Contents

Our gross liquid assets consist of cash, nostro
balances, overnight and other short-term money market placements, government bonds and treasury bills (including investments eligible
for reserve requirements and net of borrowings on account of repurchase agreements, the liquidity adjustment facility and the marginal
standing facility), corporate bonds (rated AA- and above), other money market investments such as commercial papers and certificates of
deposits and mutual fund investments. The Bank deducts short-term money-market borrowings (borrowings with contractual maturity up to
30 days) from the aggregate of these assets to determine net liquid assets.

The Bank maintains a significant portion of liquid
assets in forms required pursuant to regulatory reserve requirements laid down of the Reserve Bank of India related to maintaining liquidity
to meet our demand and time liabilities. Banks in India are required to maintain, an average daily balance of 4 % of its net demand and
time liabilities by way of cash reserves with the Reserve Bank of India, for a fortnight period. Banks are allowed to maintain minimum
cash reserves of not less than 90% of the required cash reserve on daily basis during the reporting fortnight, in such a manner that the
average of cash reserve maintained daily shall not be less than the prescribed requirement by the Reserve Bank.

The Reserve Bank of India also stipulates a statutory
liquidity ratio applicable to Indian banks, which requires us to maintain a certain percentage of demand and time liabilities in prescribed
investments. At year-end fiscal 2025, the statutory liquidity ratio requirement percentage was 18.0%. Banks are permitted to make use
of the Reserve Bank of India’s liquidity facility, the Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio, against eligible
securities. Further, banks can borrow funds at their discretion by dipping into their statutory liquidity ratio to the extent allowed
under the marginal standing facility. As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the carve-out from the statutory liquidity ratio under
the Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage ratio was 16.0% of net demand and time liabilities at year-end fiscal 2025. For
the marginal standing facility, the carve out is 2.0% of net demand and time liabilities.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on the Basel III framework on liquidity standards including the liquidity coverage ratio, liquidity risk monitoring tools and liquidity
coverage ratio disclosure standards. As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the liquidity coverage ratio has been made applicable
to Indian banks on a standalone as well as consolidated basis, with a minimum requirement of 100.0% at year-end fiscal 2025. The liquidity
coverage ratio requirement is met by investments in high quality liquid assets. It primarily includes government securities, in excess
of the mandatory statutory liquidity ratio and better-rated corporate bonds. High-quality liquid assets also include a specified portion
of mandatory statutory liquidity ratio requirements, held in the form of government securities under the Facility to Avail Liquidity for
Liquidity Coverage Ratio and marginal standing facility as specified by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. The liquidity coverage
ratio disclosure for the three months ended March 31, 2025 is based on a simple average of daily observations. The liquidity coverage
ratio of ICICI Group was 125.1% for the three months ended March 31, 2025.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on the Basel III framework on liquidity standards – net stable funding ratio. These guidelines ensure reduction in funding risk
over a longer time horizon by requiring banks to fund their activities with sufficiently stable sources of funding to mitigate the risk
of future funding stress. As per the guidelines, the net stable funding ratio should be equal to at least 100% on an ongoing basis. The
net stable funding ratio of ICICI Group was 126.0% at year-end fiscal 2025.

In order to enhance liquidity resilience of the
Bank, the Reserve Bank of India had issued revised guidelines on Basel III framework on liquidity standards - Liquidity Coverage Ratio
- Review of haircuts on High Quality Liquid Assets and run-off rates on certain categories of deposits on April 21, 2025. Technology has
facilitated ability to make instantaneous bank transfers and withdrawals, leading to an increase in liquidity risks, requiring proactive
management. Based on the revised guidelines, retail deposits with internet and mobile banking facilities are assigned additional run-off
factors 2.50% and level 1 high quality liquid assets denominated in government securities will attract haircuts in line with the circular
for liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility.

Further, funding from non-financial entities such
as trusts (educational/religious/charitable), Association of Persons (“AoPs”), partnerships, proprietorships, limited liability
partnerships and other incorporated entities etc., shall be categorized as funding from ‘non-financial corporates’ and attract
a run-off rate of 40% (as against 100% currently prescribed), unless the above entities are treated as Small Business Customers (“SBCs”)
under the liquidity coverage ratio framework. These revised guidelines will come into force April 1, 2026.

154

Table of Contents

The Bank maintains liquid assets in addition to
statutory liquidity ratio and cash reserve ratio requirements. Throughout fiscal 2025, the Bank maintained adequate reserves as per the
regulatory requirements mentioned above.

The following table sets forth the components
of the 	ICICI Bank’s average and balance sheet date liquid assets.

At March 31, 2024   Fortnightly average for fiscal 2025   At March 31, 2025
(in billions)
Statutory liquidity ratio eligible investments and other government securities, net of borrowings on account of repurchase agreement, liquidity adjustment facility and collateralized borrowings   Rs.   3,803.7   Rs.   3,907.1   Rs.   4,044.9
Balance with central banks and current accounts with other banks   1,010.6   1,004.6   1,552.8
Other liquid assets   797.6   590.3   772.3
Gross liquid assets   5,611.9   5,502   6,370
(Less) Short-term borrowings   4.5   3.9   6.5
Net liquid assets   Rs.   5,607.4   Rs.   5,498.1   Rs.   6,363.5

ICICI Bank held net liquid assets totaling to
Rs. 6,363.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2025, compared to Rs. 5,607.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2025, the Bank held fortnightly
average net liquid assets of Rs. 5,498.1 billion. In addition to the amounts included in net liquid assets above, at year-end fiscal 2025,
the Bank also held other fixed income non-government securities totaling to Rs. 8.3 billion compared to Rs. 0.4 billion at year-end fiscal
2024.

Under local regulations, some overseas branches
of the Bank are required to maintain a ‘net due’ position with other ICICI Group entities (i.e., those branches need to be
a net borrower above a specified amount or they cannot be a net lender beyond a specified amount). Accordingly, surplus liquidity maintained
at those branches can be utilized at other ICICI Group entities only to the extent of buffer available in the ‘net due’ position.
At year-end fiscal 2025, such overseas branches of the Bank held net liquid assets of Rs. 387.7 billion (equivalent), which are included
in our overall net liquid assets of the Bank of Rs. 6,363.5 billion.

ICICI Bank also has access to other reliable sources
of liquidity. The Reserve Bank of India conducts repo and reverse repo transactions with banks through its liquidity adjustment facility
and marginal standing facility, to carry out monetary policy and manage liquidity for the Indian banking system. The Reserve Bank of India
stipulates interest rates applicable to fixed rate repo transactions, fixed rate reverse repo transactions agreements and its marginal
standing facility, which are known as the repo rate, reverse repo rate and marginal standing facility rates respectively. In addition,
the Reserve Bank of India also conducts variable rate repo or reverse repo auctions, rates for which are arrived at through competitive
bidding. In 2022, the Reserve Bank of India operationalized a new standing deposit facility, which replaced the fixed rate reverse repo
as the floor of the liquidity adjustment facility corridor at 25 basis points below the policy repo rate. At year-end fiscal 2025, the
Reserve Bank of India repo rate, fixed rate reverse repo rate, standing deposit facility and marginal standing facility rate were 6.25%,
3.35%, 6.00% and 6.50% respectively. The liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility are available throughout the year.
At year-end fiscal 2025, under the marginal standing facility, in addition to the eligible securities the Bank holds in excess of the
statutory requirement, the Bank could borrow overnight up to 2.0% of its net demand and time liabilities outstanding at the end of the
second preceding 14-day period. Further, there is a liquid market for repo transactions with other market counterparties. Banks may enter
into repo transactions with the Reserve Bank of India or other market counterparties against the statutory liquidity ratio eligible securities
that hold in excess of the statutory requirement.

At year-end fiscal 2025, ICICI Bank had government
securities amounting to Rs. 1,513.9 billion eligible for borrowings through the liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility
from the Reserve Bank of India.

The loan portfolio at the Bank’s overseas
branches as a proportion of the total portfolio has declined from 2.8% at year-end fiscal 2024 to 2.3% at year-end fiscal 2025. ICICI
Bank has a well-defined borrowing program for its overseas operations. The incremental wholesale borrowings are primarily in the form
of interbank and money market borrowings. The Bank also raises refinancing from other banks against eligible trade assets. Those loans
that meet the export credit agencies’ criteria are refinanced as per the agreements entered into with these agencies. The Bank also
raises deposit liabilities, in accordance with the regulatory framework of the host country.

155

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank has the ability to use its rupee liquidity
in India to meet refinancing needs at its overseas branches, although this may be at a relatively high cost depending on the swap and
exchange rates prevailing at the time. The terms of the Bank’s bond issuances and loans from other financial institutions and export
credit agencies may contain cross-default clauses, restrictions on its ability to merge or amalgamate with another entity and restrictions
on the Bank’s ability to prematurely redeem or repay such bonds or loans. The terms of the Bank’s subordinated debt issuances
eligible for inclusion in its Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital include the suspension of interest payments in the event of losses or capital deficiencies
and a prohibition on redemption, even at maturity or on specified call option dates, without the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of
India. The Bank is currently not, and does not expect to be, in breach of any material covenants of the Bank’s borrowings that would
be construed as events of default under the terms of such borrowings.

The successful management of credit, market and
operational risk is an important consideration in managing liquidity risk, because the management of these risks affects the evaluation
of our credit ratings by rating agencies. Rating agencies may reduce or indicate their intention to reduce the ratings at any time.

Rating agencies can also decide to withdraw their
ratings of the Bank, which may have the same effect as a reduction in our ratings. Any reduction or withdrawal of in our ratings may increase
our borrowing costs, limit our access to capital markets and adversely affect our ability to sell or market our products, engage in business
transactions (particularly longer-term transactions) and derivatives transactions, or retain our customers. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Any downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured
foreign currency debt by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares
and ADSs.
”

To meet expected and unexpected borrowings requirements,
in respect of the Bank’s domestic operations, it may enter into collateralized borrowings in the form of repo transactions with
the Reserve Bank of India, through Clearing Corporation of India Limited (a centralized clearing counterparty), or with market counterparties,
against securities eligible for the statutory liquidity ratio. In general, the market value of securities sold for any such repo is higher
than the value of the cash received, the difference being referred to as a haircut. The Reserve Bank of India has stipulated the haircut
applicable for all such repos with the Reserve Bank of India. In case of borrowings from products settled through Clearing Corporation
of India Limited, members of Clearing Corporation of India Limited’s repo segment are required to maintain margin contributions
in relation to their borrowing/lending obligation at any point of time, which acts as a cushion against any fall in the value of the underlying
collateral.

Further, the Bank is also a member in the triparty
repo segment and may enter into collateralized borrowings in the form of repo transactions on the Triparty Repo Order Matching Platform
provided by Clearcorp Dealing Systems (India) Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Clearing Corporation of India Limited. Clearing Corporation
of India Limited also performs the roles and responsibilities of a Triparty Repo Agent, in terms of Repurchase transactions (Repo) (Reserve
Bank) Directions, 2018 as amended from time to time. The triparty repo agent has stipulated the haircuts for the eligible securities for
borrowing through its platform and the market value of collateral required for any such loan is higher than the value of the loan.

The Bank holds sufficient securities to meet additional
collateral requirements, if necessary, and has systems and processes in place to ensure sufficient balance in our Principal-Securities
General Ledger account, Repo Constituent - Securities General Ledger account, Clearing Corporation of India Limited Securities Guarantee
Fund and Tri-party repo margin account, to support the settlement of transactions.

Further, in case of any emergency requirement,
additional securities may be transferred to our securities guarantee fund/collateralized borrowing and lending obligations margin account
on a T+0 basis. For corporate bond repos, the value of the securities is computed after applying the minimum haircut as stipulated by
the clearing house or as bilaterally agreed upon with our counterparties depending upon the credit rating of the underlying security.
The Bank also deals with central counterparties for settlement of government securities outright and repo transactions, foreign exchange
transactions, interest rate and currency derivatives for which it needs to contribute towards margin obligations. The Bank may be required
to post additional collateral under letter of credit, stand-by letter of credit, bank guarantee and unfunded risk participation agreements
if our external credit rating is downgraded.

156

Table of Contents

In respect of overseas branch operations, generally,
there are collateral requirements for transactions which are cleared through clearing houses, bilateral transactions executed under International
Swaps and Derivatives Association Credit Support Annex and International Swaps and Derivatives Association Global Master Repo Agreement.
The Asset Liability Management Committee has approved a framework for accepting covenants linked to a credit rating downgrade of the Bank
and a breach in thresholds of certain financial covenants as a part of borrowing agreements. The Bank’s stress testing includes
a scenario linked to potential outflows due to a breach of rating downgrade covenants.

Funding commitments and other off-balance sheet
items impact the liquidity of the Bank. The Bank analyzes the behavioral profile of various components of the off-balance sheet items.
The behavioral analysis includes potential cash flows from off-balance sheet activities, such as draw down under loan commitments, contingent
liabilities and market related transactions. We consider the impact of these cash flows in various liquidity risk reports.

In view of the margin rules for non-centrally
cleared derivatives transactions issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and a discussion paper issued by the Reserve Bank
of India, derivatives transactions are subject to margin-reset provisions and any resulting collateral exchange is governed by the Credit
Support Annex entered into by the Bank, which would require the maintenance of collateral. The Bank considers the increased liquidity
requirement on account of valuation changes in the transactions settled through qualified central counterparties including the clearing
corporation of India and other exchange houses as well as for transactions covered under the Credit Support Annex. We consider the potential
outflows on account of such transactions based on the look-back approach prescribed by Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Volatility in the international debt markets may
constrain our international borrowings. As of March 31, 2025, the Bank did not have any borrowing linked to credit downgrade covenants
that would require the Bank to pay an increased interest rate on the borrowing.

There are restrictions on the use of liquidity
maintained by the U.K. and Canada subsidiaries of the Bank to meet their overall liquidity needs. The Office of the Superintendent of
Financial Institutions of Canada has prescribed a limit of 100% of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital (as defined under Canadian regulations) on
the credit exposure to any single entity or a group of connected entities. ICICI Bank Canada has internally capped this credit exposure
at CAD 150 million (32.4% of the limit specified by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, except with respect to
exposure to the ICICI Bank). The limit of CAD 150 million can be increased to a maximum of 75% of capital depending on the credit quality
of the group of connected entities. In fiscal 2025, ICICI Bank Canada was in compliance with both regulatory and their internal limits
on exposures to any single entity, including to ICICI Bank.

As per the Capital Requirements Regulation guidelines
applicable to ICICI Bank UK, a bank shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the effect of the credit risk mitigation,
to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25% of its Tier 1 capital. Where that client is an institution or
where a group of connected clients includes one or more institutions, that value shall not exceed 25% of the bank’s Tier 1 capital
or GBP 130 million, whichever the higher. ICICI Bank UK has a total capital base of USD 372.9 million at year-end fiscal 2025 which
was higher than the regulatory requirement. Additionally, ICICI Bank UK stipulates various internal limits to manage exposure concentrations
within the Bank. The key parameters of risk concentrations measured include sectoral, country, rating category based, counterparty and
large exposures.

Capital Expenditure

The following tables set forth, for the periods
indicated, certain information related to capital expenditure by category of fixed assets.

Fiscal 2023
Cost at year-end fiscal 2023   Additions/transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2023
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   94,346   Rs.   2,793   (1)   Rs.   (2,799   )   Rs.   (25,545   )   Rs.   68,795   US$   805
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   98,785   18,437   (6,220   )   (73,174   )   37,828   443
Assets given on lease   17,891   12   ..   (14,836   )   3,067   36
Total   Rs.   211,022   Rs.   21,242   Rs.   (9,019   )   Rs.   (113,555   )   Rs.   109,690   US$   1,284

__________________

(1)   Includes gain on revaluation recorded through reserve of Rs. 812 million.

157

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2024
Cost at year-end fiscal 2024   Additions/ transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2024
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   94,340   Rs.   9,806 (1)   Rs.   (1,171)   Rs.   (28,099)   Rs.   74,876   US$   876
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   111,003   42,595   (4,553   )   (94,384   )   54,661   640
Assets given on lease   17,902   1   (3   )   (15,034   )   2,866   34
Total   Rs.   223,245   Rs.   52,402   Rs.   (5,727)   Rs.   (137,517)   Rs.   132,403   US$   1,550

__________________

(1)   Includes gain on revaluation recorded through reserve of Rs. 1,195 million.

Fiscal 2025
Cost at year-end fiscal 2025   Additions/ transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2025
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   102,976   Rs.   13,407 (1)   Rs.   (1,557)   Rs.   (30,452)   Rs.   84,374   US$   988
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   149,044   38,214   (8,896   )   (108,203   )   70,159   821
Assets given on lease   17,900   1,223   (210   )   (15,322   )   3,591   42
Total   Rs.   269,920   Rs.   52,844   Rs.   (10,663)   Rs.   (153,977)   Rs.   158,124   US$   1,851

__________________

(1)   Includes gain on revaluation recorded through reserve of Rs. 7,829 million.

Significant Changes

Except as otherwise stated in this annual report,
we have experienced no significant changes since the date of fiscal 2025 consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report.

Segment Revenues and Assets

The Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on
“segmental reporting” stipulate specified business segments and their definitions, for the purposes of public disclosures
on business information for banks in India.

The consolidated segmental report for fiscal 2025,
based on the segments identified and defined by the Reserve Bank of India, has been presented as follows:

·   Retail Banking includes our exposures which satisfy the four qualifying criteria of “regulatory retail portfolio”
as stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines. These criteria are as follows:

(i)   Orientation criterion: The exposure is to an individual person or persons or to a small business; person under this clause would mean
any legal person capable of entering into contracts and would include but not be restricted to an individual, Hindu Undivided Family,
partnership firm, trust, private limited companies, public limited companies, or co-operative societies. A small business is defined as
one where the three-year average annual turnover is less than Rs. 500 million.

(ii)   Product criterion: All exposures should take the form of any of the following:

·   revolving credits and lines of credit (including overdrafts);

158

Table of Contents

·   term loans and leases (e.g., installment loans and leases, student and educational loans); and

·   small business facilities and commitments.

(iii)   Low value of individual exposures: The maximum aggregate retail exposure to one counterparty should not exceed the absolute threshold
limit of Rs. 75 million.

(iv)   Granularity criterion: The regulatory retail portfolio should be sufficiently diversified to a degree that reduces the risks in the
portfolio. The aggregate exposure to one counterparty should not exceed 0.2% of the overall retail portfolio.

·   Wholesale Banking includes all advances to trusts, partnership firms, companies and statutory bodies by the Bank which are
not included in the Retail Banking segment, as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines for the Bank.

·   Treasury includes the entire investment and derivatives portfolio of the Bank and ICICI Strategic Investments Fund.

·   Other Banking includes leasing operations and other items not attributable to any particular business segment of the Bank.
It also includes the Bank’s banking subsidiaries, i.e., ICICI Bank UK and ICICI Bank Canada.

·   Life Insurance represents results of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

·   General Insurance represents results of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

·   Others include ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, ICICI Venture, ICICI International Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Limited, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., ICICI Securities Inc., ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited,
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited, ICICI Investment Management Company Limited, ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited, ICICI Prudential Pension
Funds Management Company Limited, and I-Process Services (India) Limited.

·   Unallocated includes items such as income tax paid in advance net of provision for tax, deferred tax and provisions to the
extent estimated at the entity level.

Framework for Transfer Pricing

Liabilities of the retail banking and wholesale
banking segments are transfer priced to a central treasury unit, which pools all funds and lends to the business units at appropriate
rates based on the relevant maturity of assets being funded after adjusting for regulatory reserve requirements and a specific charge
for directed lending to certain priority sectors. For deposits and borrowings, the transfer pricing is primarily based on the categories
specified in the Transfer Pricing Policy. Transfer pricing to our asset creation units is based on the incremental cost of deposits (blended
for current account and savings account deposits) and borrowings adjusted for the maturity of the asset (term premium) and regulatory
reserve requirements. The allocated capital is also considered as a source of funding for the purpose of segmental reporting.

Fiscal 2025 compared with Fiscal 2024

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, profit before tax and minority interest of various segments.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail Banking   Rs.   188,492   Rs.   216,210   US$   2,531   14.7   %
Wholesale Banking   199,717   215,646   2,534   8.0
Treasury   146,409   187,503   2,195   28.1
Other Banking   16,384   14,512   170   11.4
Life Insurance   9,232   13,364   156   44.8
General Insurance (1)   2,205   33,213   389   —
Others (2)   60,097   74,231   869   —
Inter-Segment adjustments   (18,193   )   (26,145   )   (306   )   43.7
Share of profit from associates (1)   10,738   1,507   18   86.0
Profit before tax   Rs.   615,081   Rs.   730,040   US$   8,546   18.7   %

159

Table of Contents

__________________

1.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February
29, 2024, accordingly the disclosure is not directly comparable with the previous period.

2.   I-Process Services (India) Limited ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from March
22, 2024, accordingly the disclosure is not directly comparable with the previous period.

Retail Banking

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our retail banking segment.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   387,324   Rs.   437,579   US$   5,122   13.0   %
Other income   136,921   154,413   1,807   12.8
Total income   524,245   591,992   6,929   12.9
Operating expenses   283,844   304,472   3,564   7.3
Profit before provisions   240,401   287,520   3,366   19.6
Provisions   51,909   71,310   835   13.7
Profit before tax   Rs.   188,492   Rs.   216,210   US$   2,531   14.7   %

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities for our retail banking segment.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   6,901,522   Rs.   7,651,343   US$   89,563   10.9   %
Deposits   9,819,674   10,773,819   126,113   9.7

The profit before tax of the retail banking segment
increased by 14.7% from Rs. 188.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 216.2 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in net interest
income and other income, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses and provisions.

Net interest income increased by 13% from Rs.
387.3 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 437.6 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to growth in the average loan portfolio.

Other income increased by 12.8% from Rs. 136.9
billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 154.4 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in fees from credit card portfolio and lending
linked fees, offset, in part, by a decrease in merchant services fees.

Operating expenses increased by 7.3% from Rs.
283.8 billion in fiscal Rs. 304.5 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in employee expenses, technology related expenses
and reward point expenses.

Provisions (net of write-back) increased from
Rs. 51.9 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 71.3 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to higher net additions to non-performing assets.

160

Table of Contents

Wholesale Banking

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our wholesale banking segment.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024% change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   192,088   Rs.   201,730   US$   2,361   5.0   %
Other income   68,570   81,588   955   19.0
Total income   260,658   283,318   3,316   8.7
Operating expenses   83,058   90,214   1,056   8.6
Profit before provisions   177,600   193,104   2,260   8.7
Provisions   (22,117   )   (22,542   )   (264   )   —
Profit before tax   Rs.   199,717   Rs.   215,646   US$   2,524   8.0

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities for our wholesale banking segment.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   4,607,263   Rs.   5,275,202   US$   61,749   14.5   %
Deposits   4,258,587   5,269,004   61,676   23.7

The profit before tax of the wholesale banking
segment increased by 8.0% from Rs. 199.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 215.6 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in net
interest income, other income and higher recoveries on non-performing loans, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses.

Net interest income increased by 5.0% from Rs.
192.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 201.7 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to a growth in average loan portfolio.

Other income increased by 19.0% from Rs. 68.6
billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 81.6 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in income from foreign exchange and derivatives
transactions and commercial banking fees and lending fees.

Operating expenses increased by 8.6% from Rs.
83.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 90.2 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in employee expenses and technology related
expenses.

Write-back of provisions increased from Rs. 22.1
billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 22.5 billion in fiscal 2025. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Other
Income—Provisions and contingencies (excluding provision for tax)”.

Treasury

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our treasury segment.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   153,886   Rs.   163,794   US$   1,917   6.4   %
Other income   30,309   45,716   535   50.8
Total income   184,195   209,510   2,452   13.7
Operating expenses   20,711   24,754   290   19.5
Profit before provisions   163,484   184,756   2,162   13.0
Share of profit from associates   10,738   (1,507   )   (18   )   N/M
Provisions   6,337   (2,747   )   (32   )   N/M
Profit before tax   Rs.   146,409   Rs.   185,996   US$   2,176   27.0   %

__________________

‘N/M’ means “Not meaningful”.

161

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the closing balances of key assets and liabilities for our treasury segment.

Closing balance at March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   4,677,377   Rs.   5,057,918   US$   59,205   8.1   %
Borrowings   1,249,676   1,235,383   14,461   (1.1   )

Our treasury operations include the maintenance
and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign exchange and derivatives
products and services, such as forward contracts, swaps and options.

The profit before tax of the treasury segment
increased by 27.0% from Rs. 146.4 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 186.0 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in net interest
income and other income, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses.

Net interest income increased by 6.4% from Rs.
153.9 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 163.8 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in average investment portfolio.

Other income increased by 50.8% from Rs. 30.3
billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 45.7 billion in fiscal 2025. The dividend from subsidiaries and joint ventures was Rs. 26.2 billion in fiscal
2025, compared to Rs. 20.7 billion in fiscal 2024. There was a gain on government securities and other fixed income positions of Rs. 9.3
billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to softening of yields on government securities during the period as compared to a gain of Rs. 4.1
billion in fiscal 2024. Fiscal 2024 includes the transfer of accumulated translation loss of Rs. 3.4 billion related to closure of Bank’s
Offshore Banking Unit, SEEPZ Mumbai, to the profit and loss account.

Operating expenses increased by 19.5 % from Rs.
20.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 24.7 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in premium paid towards purchase of priority-sector
lending certificates.

Provisions on investments decreased from Rs. 6.3
billion in fiscal 2024 to a write-back of Rs. 2.7 billion in fiscal 2025. During fiscal 2024, the Bank made provision amounting to Rs.
5.41 billion on its investments in Alternative Investment Funds (“AIFs”), pursuant to Reserve Bank of India guidelines compare
to a write-back of provision of Rs. 3.9 billion in fiscal 2025, on the basis of subsequent Reserve Bank of India clarification and Rs.
0.4 billion on equity shares due to an increase in share price.

Other Banking

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our other banking segment.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   22,800   Rs.   21,149   US$   248   (7.2%)
Other income   5,382   7,376   86   37.0
Total income   28,182   28,525   334   1.2
Operating expenses   11,105   12,201   143   9.9
Profit before provisions   17,077   16,324   191   (4.4)
Provisions   693   1,813   21
Profit before tax   Rs.   16,384   Rs.   14,511   US$   170   (11.4)%

162

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the outstanding balances of the key assets and liabilities for our other banking segment.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   743,794   Rs.   856,480   US$   10,026   15.2   %
Investments   85,250   84,943   994   (0.4   )
Deposits   384,131   397,458   4,652   3.5
Borrowings   Rs.   144,510   Rs.   112,564   US$   1,318   (22.1   )%

Other banking business includes our leasing operations,
our overseas banking subsidiaries and other items not attributable to any particular business segment of the Bank.

The profit before tax of the other banking segment
decreased by 11.4% from Rs. 16.4 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 14.1 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to increase in provision.

Net interest income decreased by 7.2% from Rs.
22.8 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 21.1 billion in fiscal 2025.

Other income increased by 37.0% from Rs. 5.4 billion
in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 7.4 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in other income of banking subsidiaries and other banking
segment.

Operating expenses increased by 9.9% from Rs.
11.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 12.2 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in operating expenses of the banking subsidiaries.

Provisions increased from Rs. 0.7 billion in fiscal
2024 to Rs. 1.8 billion in fiscal 2025.

Life Insurance

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our life insurance segment.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Premium earned   Rs.   432,357   Rs.   489,510   US$   5,730   13.2   %
Premium on re-insurance ceded and accepted   (14,760   )   (16,910   )   (198   )   14.6
Net premium earned   417,597   472,600   5,532   13.2
Other income   28,055   28,960   339   3.2
Investment income   96,827   100,760   1,179   4.1
Total income   542,479   602,320   7,050   11.0
Commission paid   37,220   48,590   569   30.5
Claims/benefits paid   69,204   91,420   1,070   32.1
Operating expenses   43,073   43,370   508   0.7
Total expenses   149,497   183,380   2,147   22.7
Transfer to linked funds   189,030   233,870   2,738   23.7
Provisions for policy holder liabilities (non-linked)   194,720   171,710   2,010   (11.8   )
Profit before tax   Rs.   9,232   Rs.   13,360   US$   155   44.7   %

163

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the outstanding balance of key assets and liabilities for our life insurance segment.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   1,195,060   Rs.   1,387,041   US$   16,236   16.1   %
Assets held to cover linked liabilities   1,648,424   1,612,399   18,874   (2.2   )
Liabilities on life policies   Rs.   2,813,183   Rs.   2,943,056   US$   4,450   4.6   %

The profit before tax of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited increased by 44.7% from Rs. 923 million in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 1,336 million in fiscal 2025, primarily
due to an increase in premium earned and an increase in investment income on account of an increase in interest income, rent and
dividend.

The total premium income of ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited increased by 13.2% from Rs. 432.4 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 489.5 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due
to an increase in retail renewal premium and group premium. Net retail renewal premium increased by 4.6% from Rs. 244.0 billion in fiscal
2024 to Rs. 255.0 billion in fiscal 2025. Net group premium increased by 34.2% from Rs. 99.9 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 134.1 billion
in fiscal 2025.

Other income of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited increased by 3.2% from Rs. 28.1 billion fiscal 2024 to Rs. 29.0 billion fiscal 2025.

Investment income of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited increased by 4.1% from Rs. 96.8 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 100.8 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase
in interest income, rent and dividend.

Commission expenses of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited increased by 30.5% from Rs. 37.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 48.6 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase
in new business commission and rewards.

Claims and benefit payouts of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited increased by 32.1% from Rs. 69.2 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 91.4 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due
to an increase in death claims, maturity claims and higher surrender.

Transfer to linked funds including the investible
portion of the premium on linked policies of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited increased by 23.7% from Rs. 189.0 billion
in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 233.9 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in linked premium. The investible portion of the premium
on linked policies of life insurance represents the premium income including renewal premium received on linked policies of life insurance
business invested, after deducting charges and premium for risk coverage, in the underlying asset or index chosen by the policy holder.
Provision for policyholder liabilities decreased from Rs. 194.7 billion in fiscal 2024. to Rs. 171.7 billion in fiscal 2025.

Employee expenses increased from Rs. 16.4 billion
in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 18.8 billion in fiscal 2025. Other operating expenses decreased from Rs. 26.7 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 24.7
billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to lower advertisement cost offset, in part, by increase in employee expenses and sales related
expenses.

General Insurance

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our general insurance segment.

164

Table of Contents

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change (1)
(in millions, except percentages)
Gross written premium (including premium on re-insurance accepted)   Rs.   19,117   Rs.   282,577   US$   3,308   —
Premium on re-insurance ceded   (3,581   )   (74,967   )   (878   )   —
Unexpired risk reserve   (393   )   (9,609   )   (112   )   —
Net premium earned   15,143   198,001   2,318   —
Commission income (net)   (4,109   )   (38,380   )   (449   )   —
Investment income   2,573   42,499   497   —
Total income   13,607   202,120   2,366   —
Operating expenses   1,883   28,448   333   —
Claims/benefits paid (net)   9,511   139,868   1,637   —
Other expenses (net)   10   594   7   —
Total expense   11,404   168,910   1,324   —
Profit/(loss) before tax   Rs.   2,203   Rs.   33,210   US$   389   —

__________________

(1)   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February
29, 2024, accordingly the disclosure is not directly comparable with the previous period.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change (1)
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   479,744   Rs.   524,751   US$   6,142   —
Current liabilities including claims outstanding   402,352   427,395   5,003   —
Provisions   Rs.   100,881   Rs.   112,967   US$   1,322   —

__________________

(1)   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February
29, 2024, accordingly the disclosure is not directly comparable with the previous period.

Others

The “Others” segment mainly includes
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Venture, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited
and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited

ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited
manages the ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, a leading mutual fund in India.

ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited are engaged in equity underwriting, brokerage and primary dealership in government securities, respectively.
ICICI Securities Limited owns icicidirect.com, a leading online brokerage platform and is engaged in equities underwriting, securities
broking and distribution of financial products.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our Others segment.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025   2025/2024 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   21,833   Rs.   26,495   US$   310   24.4   %
Other income   77,825   107,174   1,255   37.7
Total income   99,658   133,669   1,565   34.1
Operating expenses   39,457   57,879   678   46.7
Operating profit before provisions   60,201   75,790   887   25.9
Provision and contingencies   104   1,558   18
Profit before tax   Rs.   60,097   Rs.   74,232   US$   869   23.5   %

165

Table of Contents

The profit before tax of the Others segment increased
by 23.5% from Rs. 60.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 74.2 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in profit before tax of
ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited and ICICI Home
Finance Company Limited.

Net interest income increased by 21.3% from Rs.
21.8 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 26.5 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in net interest income of our securities
broking subsidiary, housing finance subsidiary and primary dealership subsidiary.

Other income increased by 37.7% from Rs. 77.8
billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 107.2 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in brokerage income of our securities broking
subsidiary, higher trading gains in our primarily dealership subsidiary and an increase in management fees from equity and hybrid scheme,
AIFs and Portfolio Management Services (“PMS”) and advisory fees of our asset management subsidiary.

Operating expenses increased by 46.7% from Rs.
39.5 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 57.9 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in other operating expenses of our housing
finance subsidiary, asset management subsidiary and securities broking subsidiary.

The profit before tax of ICICI Securities Limited
increased from Rs. 23.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 23.9 billion in fiscal 2025 primarily due to an increase in fee income and net interest
income, partially offset by increase in staff cost and other administrative expenses.

The profit before tax of ICICI Prudential Asset
Management Company Limited increased from Rs. 24.3 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 35.3 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase
in income from fund operations, partially offset by an increase in staff cost and other administrative expenses.

The profit before tax of ICICI Securities Primary
Dealership Limited increased from Rs. 5.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 7.2 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in other
income and net interest income, partially offset by an increase in staff cost and other administrative expenses.

The profit before tax of ICICI Home Finance Company
Limited increased from Rs. 7.1 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 7.4 billion in fiscal 2025, primarily due to an increase in net interest
income and fee income, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses.

For a discussion of our results in fiscal 2024
compared to fiscal 2023 and certain comparative numbers in fiscal 2023, please refer to “Part I — Item 5. Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects” contained in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal 2024 filed with the U.S Securities and Exchange Commission
on July 31, 2024.

Reconciliation of Net Profit (after minority interest) between Indian
GAAP and U.S. GAAP

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared
in accordance with Indian GAAP, which differs in certain significant aspects from U.S. GAAP. The following discussion explains the significant
adjustments to our consolidated profit after tax under Indian GAAP in fiscal 2025, fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 that would result from
the application of U.S. GAAP instead of Indian GAAP.

Consolidated net income attributable to the shareholders
of ICICI Bank under U.S. GAAP decreased from Rs. 613.8 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 513.5 billion in fiscal 2025, while profit after
tax attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank under Indian GAAP increased from Rs. 442.6 billion in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 510.3 billion
in fiscal 2025. For fiscal 2024, the higher net income attributable to shareholders of ICICI Bank under U.S. GAAP was primarily on account
of fair value gain amounting to Rs. 140.2 billion on fair valuation of existing investments in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited due to acquisition of control in fiscal 2024.

166

Table of Contents

The difference in accounting for the allowances
of credit losses resulted in a lower net income by Rs. 14.1 billion in fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024: Rs. 53.2 billion) under U.S. GAAP as
compared to Indian GAAP, primarily due to recognition of lifetime allowances of credit losses on performing loans originated in fiscal
2025. Further, during fiscal 2025, the Bank had recoveries/write offs in certain impaired commercial loans where the allowance of credit
loss and consequently, reversal of the allowance was higher under Indian GAAP as compared to U.S. GAAP, resulting in lower net income
under U.S. GAAP.

ICICI Group applies management overlays to its
model-based estimates where appropriate. These overlays reflect adjustments to the probability of default to address limitations in the
statistical models, particularly where future economic conditions may evolve differently from the historical patterns considered while
developing these models. The overlays ensure that the expected credit loss estimates remain relevant and incorporate forward-looking risks
that are otherwise difficult to quantify using a model, such as emerging trade tensions, moderation expected in global as well as Indian
growth, geo-economic fragmentation, geopolitical conflicts, attendant volatility in commodity prices, moderation in IT services growth
and AI developments. Accordingly, the Bank used a management overlay on credit exposures under U.S. GAAP at
March 31, 2025.

The allowance for credit loss on loans and other
financial assets under amortized cost was higher by Rs. 27.5 billion at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 13.4 billion) under U.S. GAAP
as compared to Indian GAAP. Further, under Indian GAAP, specific provision is made on loans where strategic debt restructuring was invoked/implemented
as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank has opted for fair value accounting for such loans and guarantees through income
statement under U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the impact of accounting on these loans is accounted in "Allowance for loan losses"
for Indian GAAP, and in the line item “Valuation of debt and equity securities” for U.S. GAAP. The Bank held fair value loss
of Rs. 5.6 billion at March 31, 2025 (at March 31, 2024: Rs. 5.9 billion) under U.S. GAAP in the line item “Valuation of debt and
equity securities” on such loans.

See also
note 21(a) to our
“
Consolidated
Financial Statements—Schedules forming part of the Consolidated financial statements—Additional Notes
” included
herein.

The difference in accounting for the valuation
of debt and equity securities resulted in lower net income by Rs. 21.1 billion in fiscal 2025 as compared to higher income of Rs. 33.3
billion in fiscal 2024 under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP from April 1, 2024 onwards,
the Bank implemented the Master Direction on Classification, Valuation and Operations of Investment portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions),
2023. On implementation of this master direction, the unrealized gains or losses on the investments (including equity investments) classified
as fair value through profit and loss account are recognized in the profit and loss account. With respect to investments (including equity
investments) classified as available-for-sale, the unrealized gains or losses on these investments under Indian GAAP are recognized in
the available-for-sale reserve and for debt investments these gains or losses are subsequently reclassified to the profit and loss account
in the event of sale. With respect to investments classified as held-to-maturity and investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates,
the unrealized gains and losses are not recognized, and investments are recognized at the carrying cost. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains
or losses on trading debt securities are recognized in the profit and loss account and unrealized gains or losses on debt securities are
classified as available-for-sale, which includes all securities classified as held-to-maturity and debt investments classified as fair
value through the profit and loss account under Indian GAAP, are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income under stockholders’ equity
except for the unrealized losses on securities identified as impaired which are recognized in the profit and loss account. Under U.S.
GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on equity securities are recognized in the profit and loss account. The impact of difference in mark-to-market
accounting for investment securities between U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP resulted in a lower net income by Rs. 21.4 billion under U.S. GAAP
in fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024: higher net income by Rs. 24.1 billion). This was primarily on account of unrealized fair value losses on
equity investments recognized in the profit and loss account under U.S. GAAP. These equity investments are primarily recognized as available-for-sale
under Indian GAAP and unrealized fair value losses are recognized in available-for-sale reserve. The impairment allowance on the debt
investments under U.S. GAAP resulted in lower net income by Rs. 0.2 billion under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024: 5.1 billion).

The difference on account of business combination
accounting resulted in a lower net income by Rs. 3.6 billion under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024: higher net income by Rs. 140.3
billion). In fiscal 2024, the net income was higher due to fair valuation gain amounting to Rs. 140.2 billion recognized on the investments
in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited due to acquisition of control.

167

Table of Contents

The difference in accounting for consolidation
resulted in higher net income by Rs. 11.2 billion in fiscal 2025 as compared to higher net income by Rs. 20.8 billion in fiscal 2024 under
U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2025, our life insurance affiliate made a net income of Rs. 33.6 billion (fiscal 2024:
net income: Rs. 43.5 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to net profit of Rs. 11.9 billion (fiscal 2024: Rs. 8.5 billion) under Indian
GAAP. The higher net income was primarily on account of lower policyholders’ liabilities and unallocated policyholders’ surplus
and net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost, offset in part by, marked-to-market losses on trading portfolio and equity securities.
See also
note 22(h) to our
“
Consolidated Financial Statements—Schedules forming part of the Consolidated financial
statements—Additional Notes
” included herein.

The total differences in the amortization of fees
and costs were Rs. 8.5 billion in fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024: Rs. 5.3 billion). The change was primarily on account of deferred acquisition
costs for ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in fiscal 2025 amounting to Rs. 7.9 billion (fiscal 2024: Rs. 0.7 billion).

We earn fees and incur costs on the origination
of loans which are recognized upfront under Indian GAAP but are amortized under U.S. GAAP. Amortization of loan origination fees and costs
resulted in lower income by Rs. 1.3 billion in fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024 had an increase of income by Rs. 5.8 billion) under U.S. GAAP
as compared to Indian GAAP. Retirement benefit costs were lower by Rs. 1.9 billion in fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024 had higher retirement benefit
costs by Rs. 1.1 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP. While under Indian GAAP, actuarial gain or loss is recognized in
the profit and loss account, under U.S. GAAP, the actuarial gain/loss is recognized through other comprehensive income and thereafter
amortized through the income statement. The actuarial loss for fiscal 2025 recognized through other comprehensive income was higher as
compared to the amortization of actuarial losses for previous years from other comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP, which resulted in
retirement benefit costs being lower under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2025 as compared to Indian GAAP. See also “
Consolidated financial
statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes -Note 21(e)
” included
herein.

Deferred tax expenses were lower by Rs. 19.7 billion
in fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024 had lower deferred tax expenses by Rs. 18.3 billion) under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP.

Deferred taxes are recognized on temporary differences
related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates under U.S. GAAP while under Indian GAAP, no deferred taxes are recognized
on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In fiscal 2025, there was increase in deferred
tax assets by Rs. 3.7 billion under U.S. GAAP as compared to reduction in deferred tax assets by Rs. 10.7 billion in fiscal 2024.

The Bank and its housing finance subsidiary create
a Special Reserve through appropriation of profits, in order to avail the tax benefits as per the Income Tax Act, 1961. Under Indian GAAP,
deferred tax liability has been recognized on such Special Reserve in accordance with the guidelines issued by Reserve Bank of India.
Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are recognized and measured based on the expected manner of recovery and deferred taxes are not recognized
if the expected manner of recovery does not give rise to tax consequences. Accordingly, a deferred tax liability was not created on the
Special Reserve based on ICICI Group’s continuing intention to not withdraw/utilize such Special Reserve and based on an opinion
from legal counsel about the non-taxability of such Special Reserve in the scenario of liquidation. In fiscal 2025, deferred tax expenses
were lower by Rs. 8.0 billion (fiscal 2024 had lower deferred tax expenses by 7.8 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP.

Further, there was a difference due to the positive
tax impact of Rs. 7.3 billion in fiscal 2025 on U.S. GAAP adjustments over Indian GAAP as compared to the positive tax impact of Rs. 20.0
billion in fiscal 2024. See also note 21(i) to our “
Consolidated Financial Statements—Schedules forming part of the Consolidated
financial statements—Additional Notes
” included herein.

Consolidated net income attributable to the shareholders
of ICICI Bank of Rs. 613.8 billion in fiscal 2024 under U.S. GAAP was higher than the profit after tax attributable to the shareholders
of ICICI Bank of Rs. 442.6 billion under Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2024, the net income under U.S. GAAP was higher primarily due to fair
value gain on ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, the positive impact of amortization of loan processing fees net of costs,
higher net income of our life insurance affiliate under U.S.GAAP as compared to net gain under Indian GAAP, lower deferred tax expenses
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP offset in part by, higher loan loss provisioning under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP.

168

Table of Contents

Consolidated net income attributable to the shareholders
of ICICI Bank of Rs. 250.0 billion in fiscal 2023 under U.S. GAAP was lower than the profit after tax attributable to the shareholders
of ICICI Bank of Rs. 340.4 billion under Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2023, the net income under U.S. GAAP was lower primarily due to impairment
loss on ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and valuation of investments, offset in part by, lower loan loss provisioning
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, the positive impact of amortization of loan processing fees net of costs, higher net income
of our life insurance affiliate under U.S.GAAP as compared to net gain under Indian GAAP, lower deferred tax expenses under U.S. GAAP
as compared to Indian GAAP.

For a further description of significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP, a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP and certain additional information
required under U.S. GAAP, see notes 21 and 22 to our “Consolidated Financial Statements
—Schedules forming part of the Consolidated
financial statements—Additional Notes
” included herein.

Research and Development

We focus on strengthening our technological capabilities,
with key priorities of resilience, scalability and security of our platforms. We continue to invest in new technology platforms and work
on emerging technologies like cloud adoption and exploring potential usage of AI across banking use cases.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

In order to understand our financial condition
and the results of operations, it is important to understand our critical accounting policies and estimates and the extent to which we
use judgments and estimates in applying those policies. Our accounting and reporting policies are in accordance with Indian GAAP and conform
to standard accounting practices relevant to our products and services and the businesses in which we operate. Indian GAAP requires us
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as of
the date of the financial statements and the reported income and expenses in the reported period. Accordingly, we use a significant amount
of judgment and estimates based on assumptions for which the actual results are uncertain when we make the estimation. See also “
Consolidated
Financial Statements—Schedule 17—Significant Accounting Policies
” included herein.

ICICI Bank

Revenue recognition

Interest income is recognized in the profit and
loss account as it accrues, except in the case of non-performing assets where it is recognized upon realization as per the income recognition
and asset classification norms of the Reserve Bank of India. Income on discounted instruments is recognized over the tenure of the instrument
on a constant-yield basis. Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive the dividend is established. Commissions
received on guarantees and letters of credit issued and annual/renewal fees on credit cards, debit cards and prepaid cards are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the contractual period of the fees. Fees paid/received for priority-sector lending certificates are amortized
on straight-line basis over the period of the certificate. All other fees are accounted for as and when they become due where the Bank
is reasonably certain of ultimate collection.

Revenue recognition involves uncertainties and
are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made for collectability of the income. Changes in assumptions could significantly
affect these estimates and the resulting recognition.

Accounting for Investments

ICICI Bank follows the trade-date method of accounting
for the purchase and sale of investments, except for Government of India and state government securities, for which the settlement date
method of accounting is followed as per the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines.

Before fiscal year 2024, the Bank had been following
accounting policies for investments primarily based on the Master Direction Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio
of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2021 where securities were valued scrip-wise and classified into (a) held-to-maturity, (b) available-for-sale
and (c) held-for-trading. Depreciation/appreciation on securities was aggregated for each category. Net appreciation in each category
under each investment classification, if any, being unrealized, was ignored, while net depreciation in each category was provided. Held-to-maturity
securities were carried at their acquisition cost or at amortized cost, if acquired at a premium over the face value. Any premium over
the face value of fixed-and floating-rate securities acquired was amortized over the remaining period until maturity on a constant-yield
and straight-line basis, respectively.

169

Table of Contents

As of April 2024, the Bank implemented the Master
Direction - Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2023 and transitional adjustments
has been recorded as per the directions. Accordingly, as stated below, the significant accounting policies with respect to investments
have been modified.

All investments
are recognized at fair value on initial recognition, primarily amounting to the acquisition cost. Where facts and circumstances suggest
that the fair value is materially different from the acquisition cost, the difference between the fair value and the acquisition cost
is recognized in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines.

All investments are classified into the following
categories: (a) held-to-maturity, (b) available-for-sale and (c) fair value through profit and loss account including held-for-trading
on the date of purchase as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines on classification, valuation and operation of investment portfolio
by Banks. Held-for-trading is a separate investment sub-category within fair value through profit and loss. Under each classification,
the investments are further categorized as (a) government securities, (b) other approved securities, (c) shares, (d) bonds and debentures
and(e) others. Further, all the investments including debt investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are classified in
a separate category.

Investments are classified as held-to-maturity
if (i) the security is acquired with the intention and objective of holding it to maturity, i.e., the financial assets are held with an
objective to collect the contractual cash flows and (ii) the contractual terms of the security give rise to cash flows that are solely
payments of principal and interest on principal outstanding on specified dates. Held-to-maturity securities are carried at cost. Any premium
or discount over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered securities acquired is amortized over the remaining period to
maturity on a constant yield basis and straight-line basis respectively.

Investments are classified as available-for-sale
if (i) the security is acquired with an objective that is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling securities and
(ii) the contractual terms of the security meet the solely payments of principal and interest criterion. Further, certain equity investments
are also designated as available-for-sale investments, where on initial recognition, the Bank has made an irrevocable election to classify
such equity investments as available-for-sale investments. Investments classified as available-for-sale are fair valued periodically as
per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Any premium or discount over/below the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered
securities acquired is amortized over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight-line basis respectively.
The unrealized gain or loss across all performing available-for-sale investments (adjusted for effect of taxes, if any) is recognized
in “available-for-sale reserves”.

Securities that do not qualify for inclusion in
held-to-maturity or available-for-sale are classified under fair value through profit and loss account securities. There is a separate
sub-category called held-for-trading within fair value through profit and loss account. The held-for-trading investments primarily include
listed equity investments (except for equity investments designated as available-for-sale investments) and debt securities acquired with
an intent to sale. Investments classified as fair value through profit and loss account are fair valued periodically as per the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines. Any premium or discount over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered securities acquired which
pass the solely payments of principal and interest criterion is amortized over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis
and straight-line basis respectively. The unrealized gain or loss across all performing fair value through profit and loss account investments
is aggregated across all categories and net appreciation/depreciation is recognized in profit and loss account.

All investments (including debt and equity) in
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are held at acquisition cost. Any premium or discount over/below the face value of fixed rate
and floating rate/staggered securities acquired is amortized over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight-line
basis respectively. The Bank assesses investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associate for any other temporary diminution in
value and appropriate provisions are made.

Costs, including brokerage and commission fees
pertaining to trading book investments paid at the time of acquisition and broken period interest, the amount of interest from the previous
interest payment date until the date of purchase of instruments, on debt instruments, are charged to the profit and loss account.

170

Table of Contents

For the purposes of initial recognition and subsequent
measurement, investments are fair valued based on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Securities are valued scrip-wise.

Quoted investments are valued periodically based
on the closing quotes on recognized stock exchanges or prices declared by Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association/Financial
Benchmark India Private Limited.

The Bank computes the market/fair value of its
unquoted government securities which are in the nature of statutory liquidity ratio securities included in the available-for-sale and
fair value through profit and loss account categories in accordance with rates published by the Financial Benchmark India Private Limited.
For unquoted corporate bonds, the Bank computes the market value in accordance with the security-level valuations published by the Fixed
Income Monetary Market and Derivatives Association.

The Bank computes the market value of unquoted
non-government fixed income securities, including pass through certificates, wherever they are linked to the yield-to-maturity rates,
with a mark-up, reflecting associated credit risk, over the yield to maturity rates for government securities published by the Fixed Income
Money Market and Derivatives Association. The sovereign foreign securities and non-rupee India-linked bonds are valued on the basis of
prices published by the sovereign regulator or on counterparty quotes.

Treasury bills, commercial papers and certificate
of deposits, being discounted instruments, are valued at carrying cost.

The units of mutual funds are valued at the latest
repurchase price/net asset value declared by the mutual fund.

The Bank computes the market value of its unquoted
equity shares at the break-up value, if the latest balance sheet is available. If such a balance sheet is not available or is older than
18 months, the unquoted equity shares are valued at Re. 1 in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Investments in units of venture capital funds/AIFs
are recognized under fair value through profit and loss account category and are valued at the net asset value declared by the venture
capital fund/AIFs. If the latest net asset values are not available continuously for more than 18 months, the units of venture capital
funds/AIFs are valued at Re. 1, in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines.

The units of Infrastructure Investment Trust are
valued as per the quoted price available on the exchange.

The Bank values the securities receipts at the
net asset value provided by asset reconstruction companies. The Bank makes additional provisions on the security receipts based on the
remaining period of the resolution period. Security receipts which are outstanding and not redeemed as of the resolution period are treated
as loss assets and are fully provided for. Provision on the fully provided security receipts including receipts guaranteed by the Government
of India, is reversed through profit and loss account on actual receipts of recoveries or approval of claims, if any, by the Government
of India.

Impairment of non-performing investments is made
as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of the Reserve Bank of India.

Gains/losses on sale of investments, except available-for-sale
equity investments, are recognized in the profit and loss account. Costs of investments are computed based on the first-in-first-out method.
The realized gains or losses on available-for-sale equity investments are recognized in available-for-sale reserve. Further, the profit
from sales of held-to-maturity investments, investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates and available-for-sale equity investments,
net of taxes and transfers to the statutory reserve, is appropriated to “Capital Reserve” in accordance with the Reserve Bank
of India’s guidelines.

The Bank undertakes short sale transactions in
dated central government securities in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines. The short positions are categorized
under the held-for-trading category and are marked-to-market. The mark-to-market gain/loss is charged to profit and loss account as per
the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines.

The Bank accounts for repurchase, reverse repurchase
and transactions with Reserve Bank of India under the liquidity adjustment facility/marginal standing facility as borrowing and lending
transactions in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines.

171

Table of Contents

The valuation methodologies for investments involve
uncertainties and are significantly affected by assumptions used and judgments made regarding the risk characteristics of various financial
instruments, discount rates, estimates of future cash flows and other factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these
estimates and the resulting fair values.

Loans and Other Credit Facilities

Loans and advances are classified into performing
and non-performing loans as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines, an asset is generally
classified as non-performing if: in respect of term loans, any amount of interest or principal remains overdue for more than 90 days;
in respect of overdraft or cash credit, if the account remains out of order for a period of 90 days; and, in respect of bills, if the
account remains overdue for more than 90 days. Loans held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country
regulations, but which are standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are classified as non-performing loans to the
extent of the amount outstanding in the respective host country. Non-performing loans and advances are classified as standard, substandard,
doubtful and loss assets based on number of days overdue. Interest on non-performing loans is not recognized in profit and loss account
until received.

The Bank considers an account as restructured,
where for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, the Bank grants concessions to the borrower
that the Bank would not otherwise consider. The moratorium granted to the borrowers based on Reserve Bank of India guidelines is not accounted
for as a restructuring of loan. Certain specified guidelines by the Reserve Bank of India requires the asset classification to be maintained
as “standard”. Therefore, the borrowers, where a resolution plan was implemented under these guidelines are classified as
standard restructured.

Provisions are generally made by the Bank on standard,
substandard, doubtful and loss assets as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of the Reserve
Bank of India. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and a general provision against standard loans. The Bank
also makes specific provisions on certain performing loans as per the direction of the Reserve Bank of India. Loss assets and unsecured
portions of doubtful assets are fully provided for. For impaired loans held in overseas branches that are performing as per Reserve Bank
of India guidelines, provisions are made as per the host country regulations. For loans held in overseas branches that are non-performing
loans as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines and as per host country regulations, provisions are made at the higher of the provisions
required as required by internal provisioning norms and host country regulations. In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative
borrowers or willful defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The Bank holds specific
provisions for non-performing loans that are higher than the minimum regulatory requirements.

In respect of non-retail loans reported as fraud
to the Reserve Bank of India, the entire amount is provided for over a period not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in
which fraud has been detected. In respect of non-retail loans where there has been a delay in reporting the fraud to the Reserve Bank
of India or which are classified as loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In the case of fraud in retail accounts,
the entire amount is provided immediately. In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative borrowers or willful defaulters, the
Bank makes accelerated provisions as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank makes provision on restructured loans
subject to minimum requirements as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Provisions due to diminution in the fair value of restructured/rescheduled
loans and advances are made in accordance with the applicable Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Non-performing and restructured loans
are upgraded to standard, as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines or host country regulations, as applicable.

As per Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the non-performing
loans are written-off in accordance with the Bank’s policy. Amounts recovered against bad debts written-off are recognized in the
profit and loss account.

The Bank also creates general provisions on performing
loans based on the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, including provisions on loans to borrowers having unhedged foreign
currency exposure, loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors, exposure to step-down subsidiaries of Indian companies and
incremental exposures to borrowers identified as per Reserve Bank of India’s large exposure framework. For performing loans in overseas
branches, the general provisions are made at the greater of the aggregate provision required as per host country regulations and the Reserve
Bank of India’s requirement.

172

Table of Contents

Additionally, the Bank creates provisions on individual
country exposures including indirect country risk, other than for home-country exposure. The countries are categorized into seven risk
categories: insignificant, low, moderately low, moderate, moderately high, high and very high and provisioning is made on exposures with
contractual maturity exceeding 180 days on a graded scale ranging from 0.25% to 25%. For exposures with a contractual maturity of less
than 180 days, provision is required to be held at 25% of the rates applicable to exposures exceeding 180 days. The indirect exposure
is estimated at 50% of the exposure. If the Bank’s net funded exposure in respect of a country is less than 1% of its total assets,
no provision is required for such country exposure.

The Bank makes additional provisions from the
date of default as per the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines for cases where viable resolution plans have not been implemented
within the timelines prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. These additional provisions are written-back upon satisfaction of the conditions
for reversal, as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank, on a prudent basis, also makes a contingency
provision on certain standard assets. The contingency provision is included in ‘Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

The Bank has a Board-approved policy for making
floating provisions, which are in addition to the specific and general provisions made by the Bank. The floating provision can only be
utilized with the approval of Board and the Reserve Bank of India, for contingencies which do not arise in the normal course of business
and are exceptional and non-recurring in nature, and for making specific provisions for impaired loans required by Reserve Bank of India
guidelines or any regulatory guidance/instructions. The floating provision is netted-off from loans.

The provisions on loans involve uncertainties
and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made for provisions on non-performing loans, on performing loans
and other credit exposures. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates and the resulting provisions.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

Premiums for non-linked policies are recognized
as income (net of goods and service tax) when due from policyholders. For unit-linked business, premiums are recognized as income when
the associated units are created. Premiums on lapsed policies are recognized as income when such policies are reinstated.

Reinsurance premiums ceded is accounted in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the relevant contracts with the reinsurer. Premiums ceded on reinsurance are net of profit commissions
on reinsurance ceded.

Death and rider claims are accounted for on receipt
of intimation. Survival, maturity and annuity benefits are accounted when due. Withdrawals and surrenders under non-linked policies are
accounted on the receipt of intimation and, for unit-linked policies, are accounted in the respective schemes when the associated units
are cancelled. Reinsurance claims are accounted for in the period in which the claim is intimated and are netted off against benefits
paid.

Income from unit-linked policies, which includes
fund management charges, policy administration charges, mortality charges and other charges, if any, are recovered from the unit-linked
funds in accordance with terms and conditions of policies issued and are recognized when due.

Acquisition costs are costs that vary with, and
are primarily related to, acquisition of new and renewal insurance contracts and have an obligatory relationship of costs incurred to
execution of insurance contracts. These costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Clawback of commissions paid in the
future, if any, is accounted in the year in which it becomes recoverable.

The actuarial liabilities, for all in-force policies,
and policies where premiums are discontinued but a liability exists as at the valuation date, are calculated in accordance with the accepted
actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, as amended from time to time, regulations notified by the IRDAI, and relevant
Guidance notes and Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The unit liability in respect of linked business
is the value of the units standing to the credit of policyholders, using the net asset value prevailing at the valuation date.

The actuarial liability in respect of both participating
and non-participating policies is calculated using the gross premium method, using assumptions for interest, mortality, morbidity, persistency,
expense, inflation, and, in the case of participating policies, future bonuses, together with allowances for taxation and allocation of
profits to shareholders. These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates at the date of valuation including allowances for possible
adverse deviations.

173

Table of Contents

The Funds for Future Appropriations represents
the surplus, which is not allocated to policyholders or shareholders as at the Balance Sheet date.

Investments are made and accounted for in accordance
with the Insurance Act, 1938, applicable regulations and master circulars, the Investment Policy of the Company and various other circulars/notifications
issued by the IRDAI in this context from time to time. ‘Guidance Note on Accounting for Derivatives Contracts’ issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and IRDAI Investment Master Circular as amended from time to time.

Unclaimed amounts of policyholders’ liability
are determined on the basis of net asset value of the units outstanding as at the valuation date. Income on unclaimed amount of policyholders
is accreted to the unclaimed fund and is accounted for on an accrual basis, net of fund management charges.

Borrowing costs are charged to the standalone
profit and loss account in the period in which these are incurred.

Provisions for income tax are made in accordance
with the provisions of Section 44 of the Income Tax Act, 1961, read with Rules contained in the First Schedule and other relevant provisions
of the Income Tax Act, 1961, as applicable, to a company carrying on in the life insurance business. Income tax expense comprises current
taxes (i.e. the amount of tax for the year as determined in accordance with the Income Tax Act, 1961) and deferred tax charges or credits
(reflecting the tax effects of timing differences between accounting income and taxable income for the year).

Fair Value Measurements

We determine the fair values of our financial
instruments in U.S. GAAP based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820. The standard describes three levels of inputs
that may be used to measure fair value.

The valuation of Level 1 instruments is based
upon the unadjusted quoted prices of identical instruments traded in active markets.

The valuation of Level 2 instruments is based
upon the quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, the quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that
are not active, prices quoted by market participants and prices derived from valuation models which use significant inputs that are observable
in active markets. Inputs used include interest rates, yield curves, volatilities and credit spreads, which are available from public
sources such as Reuters, Bloomberg, Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and the Fixed
Income Money Markets and Derivatives Association of India.

The valuation of Level 3 instruments is based
on valuation techniques or models which use significant market unobservable inputs or assumptions. Financial instruments are considered
Level 3 when their values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one
significant model assumption or input is unobservable or when the determination of the fair value requires significant management judgment
or estimation.

The valuation methodologies adopted by us for
valuing our investments and derivatives portfolio are summarized below. A substantial portion of the portfolio is valued based on the
unadjusted quoted or traded prices or based on models using market observable inputs such as interest rates, yield curves, volatilities
and credit spreads available from public sources like Fixed Income Money Markets and Derivatives Association of India, Foreign Exchange
Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited, Reuters, Bloomberg and stock exchanges.

 The rupee denominated fixed income portfolio,
which includes all rupee investments in government securities and corporate bonds, is valued based on guidelines for market participants
established by the Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association. The Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association is
an association of scheduled commercial banks, public financial institutions, primary dealers and insurance companies and is a voluntary
market body for bonds, derivatives and money markets in India. The international investments portfolio is generally valued on the basis
of quoted prices. In certain markets, due to illiquidity, we use alternate valuation methodologies based on our own assumptions and estimates
of the fair values.

174

Table of Contents

A substantial part of the derivatives portfolio
is valued using market observable inputs like swap rates, foreign exchange rates, volatilities and forward rates. The valuation of derivatives
is carried out primarily using the market quoted swap rates and foreign exchange rates. Certain structured derivatives are valued based
on counterparty quotes. The exposure regarding derivatives transactions is computed and is marked against the credit limits approved for
the respective counterparties.

 We also hold investments and derivatives
that have been valued based on unobservable inputs or that involve significant assumptions made by the management in arriving at their
fair values. Such instruments are classified under Level 3 as per the classification defined in FASB ASC Topic 820 “Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures”.

A description of the valuation methodologies of Level 3 investments
under U.S. GAAP

Our total investment in Level
3 instruments amounted to Rs. 180.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2025. Out of the total Level 3 investments, investments amounting to Rs.
178.8 billion were India-linked and investments amounting to Rs. 1.2 billion were non-India linked. India-linked investments consisted
of pass through certificates of Rs. 163.4 billion, corporate bonds of Rs. 4.9 billion, equity shares of Rs. 9.4 billion and other securities
of Rs. 1.0 billion. Non-India linked investments consisted of mortgage backed securities of Rs. 1.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 and
equity shares of Rs. 0.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2025.

The valuation of Indian pass
through certificates is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying trust would pay out. The underlying trust makes assumptions
with regards to various variables to arrive at the estimated cash flows. The cash flows for pass through certificates are discounted at
the yield-to-maturity rates and credit spreads published by Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income Money Market and
Derivatives Association on month ends.

Bonds that have been identified
as illiquid and valued on the basis of a valuation model are classified as Level 3 instruments only if the input used to value those securities
is collected from unobservable market data or if the bonds were valued after making adjustment to the market observable data. The investment
in bonds of Rs. 4.9 billion were valued at the amortized cost net of impairment or using significant management estimates and assumptions
or based on market value of the underlying collateral.

Due to illiquidity in the
asset backed and mortgage backed security markets, a substantial part of these securities are classified as Level 3 and valuation models
are used to value these securities.

Our Canadian subsidiary holds
retained interest, largely representing the excess spread of mortgage interest over the rate of return on the mortgaged backed securities,
which has been recorded as available-for-sale securities in the balance sheet at fair value of Rs. 1.2 billion determined using an internal
model.

Non-India linked equity shares
of Rs. 0.1 billion were valued by applying discount to the market price of same company.

The methodologies we use for validating the valuation
model of products which are valued with reference to market observable inputs include comparing the outputs of our models with counterparty
quotes, in comparison with pricing from third party pricing tools, replicating the valuation methodology used in the model or other methods
used on a case-by-case basis. The valuation is also carried out under various scenarios and are checked for consistency. However, for
products where there are no reliable market prices or market observable inputs available, valuation is carried out using models developed
using alternate approaches and incorporating proxies wherever applicable. The independent validation of valuation models is performed
by an entity/unit independent of the risk management group.

Convergence of Indian Accounting Standards with International Financial
Reporting Standards

In 2016, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs issued
the roadmap for implementation of new Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”), converged with International Financial Reporting
Standards, for scheduled commercial banks, insurance companies and non-banking financial companies. However, currently the implementation
of Ind AS for banks and insurance companies has been deferred until further notice pending the consideration of some recommended legislative
amendments by the Government of India. We are in an advanced stage of preparedness for implementation of Ind AS, as and when these are
made applicable to the Indian banks. Further, there may be regulatory guidelines and clarifications in some critical areas of Ind AS application,
which we will need to suitably incorporate in our implementation project as and when those are issued.

175

Table of Contents

Financial statements prepared under Ind AS may
diverge significantly from the financial statements and other financial information included or incorporated by reference in this annual
report. The major areas of differences include impairment of financial assets and allowance for expected credit losses, accounting of
loan processing fees and costs, consolidation accounting and deferred taxes.

Separately, during fiscal 2024, Reserve Bank of
India, issued a master direction on “prudential norms on classification, valuation and operations of investment portfolio of commercial
banks”, which is broadly based on the principles of the International Financial Reporting Standard 9, the Bank has implemented this
master direction as of April 2024. Further, during fiscal 2023, Reserve Bank of India, through its discussion paper on “Introduction
of Expected Credit Loss framework for provisioning by banks” proposed to adopt an expected credit loss framework based on the approach
used in International Financial Reporting Standard 9, supplemented by regulatory backstops wherever necessary. The major areas of differences
include classification and mark-to-market accounting of financial assets, impairment of financial assets and allowance for expected credit
losses, accounting of loan processing fees and costs, and amortization of premium or discount on purchase of financial assets.

176

Table of Contents

Management

Directors and Executive Officers

Our Board of Directors (the
“Board”) is responsible for the management of our business. Our organizational documents provide for a minimum of three and
a maximum of 15 directors, excluding the Government Director and the Debenture Director (defined below), if any. We may, subject to the
provisions of our organizational documents and the Companies Act, 2013 change the maximum number of directors by a special resolution,
subject to approval by our shareholders. Approval of a special resolution requires that the votes cast by shareholders in favor of the
resolution are not less than three times the number of the votes, if any, cast against the resolution. In addition, under the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949, the Reserve Bank of India may require us to convene a meeting of our shareholders for the purposes of appointing
new directors to our Board of Directors.

The Banking Regulation Act,
1949 requires that at least 51% of our directors should have special knowledge or practical experience in banking and areas relevant to
banking including accountancy, agriculture and rural economy, co-operation, economics, finance, law, small scale industry, information
technology, payment and settlement systems, human resources, risk management and business management. All our directors possess special
knowledge in more than one area specified in the Banking Regulation Act and applicable regulations. The appointment of the chairman and
executive directors requires the approval of the Reserve Bank of India, in addition to the approval of our shareholders that is generally
required for the appointment of all directors (other than the Government Director and the Debenture Director, if any). In classifying
our directors as independent, we have relied on the declaration of independence provided by the independent directors as prescribed under
the Companies Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
as amended from time to time, which were also placed before the Board at its meeting held on April 19, 2025. The Companies Act, 2013 excludes
the Government Director from the definition of independent director. Our directors are also subject to ‘fit and proper’ criteria
as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India to be considered while appointing persons as directors of banking companies. Our directors
(other than the Government Director) are required to make declarations confirming their ongoing compliance of the ‘fit and proper’
criteria. Our Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee and Board of Directors have reviewed the declarations received
from all the existing directors in this regard and determined that all our directors satisfy the ‘fit and proper’ criteria
and can continue on the Board. Further, pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a person is eligible for appointment as non-executive
director, if he or she is between 35 and 75 years of age. After attaining the age of 75 years, no person can continue in this position.
Our organizational documents also provide that we may execute trust deeds in respect of our debentures under which the trustee or trustees
may appoint a director, known as the Debenture Director. The Debenture Director is not subject to retirement by rotation and may only
be removed as provided in the relevant trust deed. Currently, we do not have a Debenture Director on our Board of Directors.

Of our 12 directors as at
June 30, 2025, four directors are in our whole-time employment (the Managing Director & CEO, and three Executive Directors) and the
remaining eight directors are independent directors.

The Companies Act provides
that an independent director shall not hold office for more than two consecutive terms of up to five years each provided that the director
is re-appointed by passing a special resolution on completion of the first term. In line with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the
total tenure of non-executive director, continuously or otherwise, on the Board of a bank, shall not exceed eight years. After completing
eight years on the Board of a bank the person, may be considered for re-appointment only after a minimum gap of three years. The Companies
Act provides that in respect of banking companies, the provisions of the Companies Act shall apply except in so far as they are inconsistent
with the provisions of the Banking Regulation Act.

Pursuant to the provisions
of the Companies Act, at least two-thirds of the total number of our non-independent directors are subject to retirement by rotation.
The Government Director and the Debenture Director are not subject to retirement by rotation as per our organizational documents. One-third
of the directors liable to retire by rotation must retire from office at each annual general meeting of shareholders. A retiring director
is eligible for re-election.

Mr. Girish Chandra Chaturvedi
retired as the independent Director and Non-Executive Part-time Chairman on close of business hours of June 30, 2024.

Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha was
appointed as an Independent Director for a period of five years from February 17, 2024. Effective July 1, 2024, he was appointed as Non-executive
Part-time Chairman. Requisite approvals from Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment are in place.

177

Table of Contents

Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi was appointed
as a wholetime director and Chief Operating Officer (Designate) effective from July 31, 2018 and as the Managing Director and Chief Executive
Officer effective October 15, 2018 for a period till October 3, 2023. He was re-appointed as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
of the Bank for a period of three years with effect from October 4, 2023 to October 3, 2026. Requisite approvals from Reserve Bank of
India and shareholders for such appointment are in place.

Mr. Sandeep Batra was appointed
as a wholetime director (designated as an Executive Director) effective December 23, 2020 till December 22, 2023. He was re-appointed
as wholetime director (designated as an Executive Director) for a further period of two years with effect from December 23, 2023 to December
22, 2025. Requisite approvals from Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment are in place. The Board of Directors of
the Bank at its meeting held on January 25, 2025, approved the re-appointment of Mr. Sandeep Batra for a period of two years with effect
from December 23, 2025 to December 22, 2027, subject to approval of the Reserve Bank of India and shareholders of the Bank. Approval from
Reserve Bank of India is in place. Approval of shareholders is being sought in the Annual General Meeting scheduled on August 30, 2025.

Mr. Rakesh Jha was appointed
as a wholetime director (designated as an Executive Director) for a period of three years effective September 2, 2022. Requisite approvals
from Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment are in place. The Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting held
on January 25, 2025, approved proposal for seeking approval from Reserve Bank of India for re-appointment of Mr. Rakesh Jha from September
2, 2025 till September 1, 2027. Approval from Reserve Bank of India is in place.

Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta was
appointed as a wholetime director (designated as an Executive Director) effective March 15, 2024 till November 26, 2026. Requisite approvals
from Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment are in place.

The Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting
held on June 29, 2024 and shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on August 29, 2024 approved the appointment of Mr. Rohit Bhasin
as an Independent Director for a period of 5 years, with effect from July 26, 2024.

Mr. Uday Chitale and
Mr. Hari L. Mundra retired as Independent Director of the Bank on October 19, 2024 and October 25, 2024, respectively, pursuant the
completion of their second terms of office as Independent Directors.

The Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting
held on June 29, 2024 and the shareholders through postal ballot on November 29, 2024, approved the appointment of Mr. Punit Sood, as
an Independent Director for a period of 5 years, with effect from October 1, 2024.

Our Board had the following members at June 30,
2025:

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date
of first Appointment   Particulars
of other Directorship(s) at June 30, 2025
Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Government Servant (Retired)   69   February 17, 2024 (appointed as part-time Chairman effective July 1, 2024)   Director · Carbon
U Turn Technology Private Limited · Glenmark
Pharmaceuticals Limited
Ms. Neelam Dhawan Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   65   January 12, 2018   Chairperson · Capillary
    Technologies India Limited · Ather Energy Limited Director · Capita
PLC · Fractal
Analytics Limited · Nudge
Lifeskills Foundation · Hindustan Unilever Limited · Tech
Mahindra Limited

178

Table of Contents

Mr. Subramanian Madhavan Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   68   April 14, 2019   Chairperson · Procter
    & Gamble Health Limited Director · CBIX
Technology Solutions Private Limited · Shopkhoj
Content Private Limited · Lifestyle
International Private Limited · Sterlite
Technologies Limited · Eicher
Motors Limited · Welspun
Enterprises Limited · Anthem
Biosciences Limited
Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   70   May 2, 2018   Director · Axis
Mutual Fund Trustee Limited · ICICI
Securities Primary Dealership Limited · ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited · Geojit
Financial Services Limited · Geojit
Credits Private Limited · Alpha
Alternatives Fund - Infra Advisors Private Limited · Bilwa
Global Asset Management Private Limited · HBITS
    Investment Management Private Limited Independent Member · Kerala
Infrastructure Investment Fund Board
Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   66   January 14, 2019   Director · TVS
Credit Services Limited · Nippon
Life India Asset Management Limited · IndiaIdeas
Com Limited · TVS
Supply Chain Solutions Limited · National
Bank for Financing Infrastructure and Development (NaBFID) · TVS
Motor Company Limited · Home
Credit India Finance Private Limited
Ms. Vibha Paul
Rishi Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Company Director   65   January 23, 2022   Director · ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited · Pratham
Education Foundation · Piramal
    Pharma Limited

179

Table of Contents

Mr. Rohit Bhasin Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Company Director   65   July 26, 2024   Chairperson · Indira
    IVF Hospital Limited Director · Star
Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited · Dr
Lal PathLabs Limited · Yatra
Online Limited · Select
Synergies and Services Private Limited · BlueStone
Jewellary and Lifestyle Limited · Yatra
for Business Private Limited · TSI
Yatra Private Limited
Mr. Punit Sood Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Company Director   60   October 1, 2024   Director · National
Payment Corporation of India
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi Managing Director and CEO Profession : Company Executive   65   October 15, 2018   None
Mr. Sandeep Batra Executive Director Profession : Company Executive   59   December 23, 2020   Chairperson · ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited · ICICI
Venture Funds Management Company Limited · ICICI
    Prudential Asset Management Company Limited Director · ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
Mr. Rakesh
Jha Executive Director Profession : Company Executive   53   September 2, 2022   Chairperson · ICICI
    Home Finance Company Limited · ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited · ICICI
    Securities Limited Director · ICICI
    Venture Funds Management Company Limited
Mr. Ajay
Kumar Gupta Executive
Director Profession : Company Executive   58   March 15, 2024   Chairperson · I-Process
    Services (India) Limited Director · ICICI
    Securities Limited

180

Table of Contents

Our executive officers as at March 31, 2025, who
received executive remuneration in fiscal 2025, were as follows:

Name   Age   Designation
and Responsibilities   Years
of Work Experience   Total
remuneration in Fiscal 2025 (in Rupees)   Bonus
Paid in Fiscal 2025 (in Rupees) (1)   Stock Options Granted during Fiscal 2025   Total
Stock Options Outstanding at March 31, 2025 (2)   Shareholding at March 31, 2025 (3)
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   65   Managing Director and CEO   42   71,245,627   33,279,625   254,100   6,289,200   181,744
Mr. Sandeep Batra   59   Executive Director   37   62,273,681   29,012,031   196,000   3,571,160   485,340
Mr. Rakesh Jha   53   Executive Director   29   62,910,878   26,714,074   196,000   3,867,975   90,275
Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta   58   Executive Director   33   64,227,262   15,471,609   141,490   1,257,200   449,568
Mr. Anindya Banerjee   49   Group Chief Financial Officer   27   31,666,155   13,701,479   101,800   1,611,370   256,030

__________________

(1)   Bonus amounts earned for fiscal 2024 were subject to deferment policy of the Bank in-line with the regulatory
stipulations. The above amounts include payouts of the non-deferred portion of the bonus amount pertaining to fiscal 2024. The balance
amount shall be equally deferred over a period of three years. The above amount also include the deferred portion of the bonus amount
approved in earlier years that was paid during fiscal 2025.

(2)   Each stock option, once exercised, would be equivalent to one equity share of the Bank. See also “—Compensation
and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Employee Stock Option Scheme” for a description of the other terms of these stock options.

(3)   Executive officers and directors (including non-executive directors) as a group held 0.02% of the Bank’s equity shares at March
31, 2025.

The profile of our non-executive directors as
at June 30, 2025 was as follows:

Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha

has a master’s degree in economics from the Delhi School of Economics and Philosophy in Social Sciences. He joined the Indian
Administrative Service in 1977. He was a Visiting Fellow at the University of Oxford in 1999. He served mostly in the Government of India
and rose to the highest position of Cabinet Secretary, the head of civil services. He served as the Cabinet Secretary for more than 4
years before moving to the Prime Minister’s Office. He retired from there in March 2021 after 44 years of service. He has been a
government nominee director in numerous major public undertakings.

Ms. Neelam Dhawan

is an economics graduate from St. Stephen’s College, Delhi University and has a master in business administration degree from the
Faculty of Management Studies, Delhi University. Ms. Dhawan has over 38 years of experience in the information technology industry. Starting
from 1982, she has held various positions across Hindustan Computers Limited, IBM, Microsoft and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. She has been
Managing Director and leader of the country businesses for 11 years for Microsoft and later Hewlett Packard Enterprise in India. Her last
executive assignment was in Hewlett Packard Enterprise that of as Vice President for Global Industries, Strategic Alliances, and Inside
Sales for Asia Pacific and Japan.

Mr. Subramanian Madhavan

is a chartered accountant and holds a post graduate diploma in business management from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.
He started his career with Hindustan Unilever Limited. He had thereafter established a highly successful tax practice and served large
Indian and multinational clients. He was then a senior partner and Executive Director in PricewaterhouseCoopers Private Limited. He has
over 38 years of experience in accountancy, economics, finance, law, information technology, human resources, risk management, business
management and banking.

181

Table of Contents

Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair

holds degrees in science, securities laws, management and law. He has over 40 years of experience in banking industry and in the field
of securities and insurance regulation. He started his banking career with Corporation Bank and also served as the Managing Director of
Corporation Bank Securities Limited. He was Executive Director at Securities and Exchange Board of India from 2005 to 2010 and Member
(Finance and Investment) in the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India from 2010 to 2015. He has been a member of various
committees of International Organization of Securities Commissions and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors.

Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram

is a Certificated Associate of the Indian Institute of Banking Finance (formerly known as The Indian Institute of Bankers) and holds diplomas
in international law and diplomacy from the Indian Academy of International Law & Diplomacy and management from the All India Management
Association. He has bachelor’s and master’s degrees in science (physics) from St. Stephen’s College, Delhi University.
Mr. Sriram worked with State Bank of India for about 37 years. Mr. Sriram was Managing Director of State Bank of Bikaner & Jaipur
from 2013 to 2014, Managing Director of State Bank of India from 2014 to 2018 and Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of IDBI
Bank Limited from June-September 2018. He was a part time member of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India.

Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi
 is an economics graduate
from Lady Shri Ram College, Delhi University and also has a master’s in business administration with a specialization in marketing
from the Faculty of Management Studies, University of Delhi. She has worked at senior positions in branding, strategy, innovation and
human capital around the world. She started her career with the Tata Group and was part of the core team for launching Titan watches.
She was thereafter associated with PepsiCo for 17 years in leadership roles in the areas of marketing and innovation in India, U.S. and
U.K. She was one of the founding team members of PepsiCo when it started operations in India. Ms. Rishi serves on the boards and board
committees of several reputed companies.

Mr. Rohit Bhasin
 is
a chartered accountant with over 20 years of experience in PricewaterhouseCoopers, where he was a member of its India leadership team
and partner oversight committee. He also worked with Standard Chartered Bank in India for nearly a decade. He has been an independent
director and audit committee chairperson of several listed Indian companies.

Mr. Punit Sood
 has a bachelor’s degree
in electronics and communications from the Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee and is a postgraduate in management and information
systems from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He has over 35 years of experience in banking and information technology.
He was Managing Director of NatWest Digital Services India Private Limited. He has also been Managing Director and Chief Information Officer
at JP Morgan Services India, and Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director at Citi Technology Services India.

The profile of our executive
officers as at June 30, 2025 was as follows:

Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi
is an engineer and
has a master’s degree in business administration. Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi joined ICICI in the year 1986. Over the years he has
worked in various assignments at ICICI Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Bank and ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited. He joined ICICI Bank on June 19, 2018 as Chief Operating Officer (Designate) and was appointed
as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of ICICI Bank effective October 15, 2018.

Mr. Sandeep Batra

is a chartered accountant and a company secretary by qualification. He joined as Chief Financial Officer of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited in the year 2000 and subsequently has held positions as Group Compliance Officer of ICICI Bank, Executive Director
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and President at ICICI Bank. He was appointed as Executive Director of ICICI
Bank effective December 23, 2020 and is currently responsible for the Corporate Centre from July 2018. He is the Chairperson of
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited and ICICI Venture. He also serves on
the Board of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Mr. Rakesh Jha
 is
an engineering graduate from the Indian Institute of Technology at Delhi and a post-graduate in management from the Indian Institute of
Management, Lucknow. He joined ICICI in 1996 and has worked in various areas. He was the Group Chief Financial Officer in his previous
role. He was appointed as an Executive Director on the Board of ICICI Bank with effect from September 2, 2022. He is responsible for the
retail, small enterprises and corporate banking businesses of the Bank. He is the Chairperson of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited. He also serves on the Board of ICICI Venture.

182

Table of Contents

Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta
is
a chartered accountant
.
He joined ICICI Group in November 1991 and has worked across corporate banking, project finance, SME, debt
service management, credit & policy and operations. He is responsible for credit policy formulation and credit underwriting for retail
and business banking, operations, technology and data sciences and analytics function of the Bank. He is the Chairperson of I-Process
Services (India) Limited. He also serves on the Board of ICICI Securities Limited.

Mr. Anindya Banerjee
 is a chartered accountant.
He joined ICICI Group in 1998 and initially worked in the area of corporate banking before moving to planning and strategy function in
the corporate office. He was appointed as the Group Chief Financial Officer of the Bank with effect from May 1, 2022. His current responsibilities
include financial reporting, planning and strategy and asset-liability management.

Corporate Governance

Our corporate governance policies recognize the
accountability of the Board and the importance of making the Board transparent to all our constituents, including employees, customers,
investors and the regulatory authorities, and for demonstrating that our shareholders are the ultimate beneficiaries of our economic activities.

Our corporate governance framework is based on
an effective majority independent Board, the separation of the Board’s supervisory role from the executive management and the constitution
of Board committees, generally comprising a majority of independent directors and most of the Committees being chaired by independent
directors, to oversee critical areas and functions of executive management.

Our corporate governance philosophy encompasses
regulatory and legal requirements, such as the compliance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, aimed at a high level of business ethics, effective supervision and enhancement of value
for all stakeholders.

Our Board’s role, functions, responsibility
and accountability are clearly defined. In addition to its primary role of monitoring corporate performance, the functions of our Board
include:

·   approving corporate philosophy and mission;

·   participating in the formulation of strategic and business plans;

·   reviewing and approving financial plans and budgets;

·   monitoring corporate performance against strategic and business plans, including overseeing operations;

·   ensuring ethical behavior and compliance with laws and regulations;

·   reviewing and approving borrowing limits;

·   formulating exposure limits; and

·   keeping shareholders informed regarding plans, strategies and performance.

To enable our Board of Directors to discharge
these responsibilities effectively, executive management provides detailed reports on its performance to the Board on a quarterly basis.

Our Board functions either as a full Board or
through various committees constituted to oversee specific operational areas. These Board committees meet regularly. The quorum of the
Board committees was increased from at least two members to at least three members with effect from June 30, 2019, to transact business
at any Board Committee meeting and in case where the Committee comprises of two members only or where two members are participating, then
any Independent Director may attend the meeting to fulfil the requirement of three members. The constitution and main functions of the
various committees are given below.

183

Table of Contents

Audit Committee

On the date of filing of
this annual report, the Audit Committee is comprised of three independent directors: Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, Mr. Rohit Bhasin and Mr.
Punit Sood. Mr. Subramanian Madhavan is the Chairman of the Committee. Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, Mr. Rohit Bhasin and Mr. Punit Sood qualify
as Audit Committee financial experts.

The Audit Committee
provides direction to the audit function and monitors the quality of internal and statutory audit. The responsibilities of the Audit Committee
include examining the financial statements and auditors’ report and overseeing the financial reporting process to ensure fairness,
sufficiency and credibility of financial statements, review of the quarterly and annual financial statements before submission to the
Board, review of management’s discussion and analysis, recommendation of appointment, terms of appointment, remuneration and removal
of statutory auditors and chief internal auditor, approval of payment to statutory auditors for other permitted services rendered by them,
reviewing and monitoring with the management the auditor’s independence and the performance and effectiveness of the audit process,
approval of transactions with related parties or any subsequent modifications and utilization of loans and/or advances from/investment
by the Bank in its subsidiaries. The Audit Committee also reviews the functioning of the Whistle-Blower Mechanism, adequacy of internal
control systems and the internal audit function, compliance with inspection and audit reports and reports of statutory auditors, findings
of internal investigations, management letters/letters on internal control weaknesses issued by statutory auditors/internal auditors,
investment in shares and advances against shares. The Audit Committee responsibilities also include reviewing with the management the
statement of uses/application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of
funds utilized for the purposes other than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice and the report submitted by the monitoring
agency, monitoring the utilization of proceeds of a public or rights issue and making appropriate recommendations to the Board to take
steps in this matter, discussion on the scope of audit with external auditors, examination of reasons for substantial defaults, if any,
in payment to stakeholders, valuation of undertakings or assets, evaluation of risk management systems and scrutiny of inter-corporate
loans and investments. The Audit Committee is also empowered to appoint/oversee the work of any registered public accounting firm, establish
procedures for receipt and treatment of complaints received regarding accounting, internal accounting controls and auditing matters and
engage independent counsel as also provide for appropriate funding for compensation to be paid to any firm/advisors. In addition, the
Audit Committee also exercises oversight on the regulatory compliance function of the Bank. The Committee also considers and comments
on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger/demerger/amalgamation etc., on the Bank and its shareholders. The Audit
Committee is also empowered to approve the appointment of the Chief Financial Officer (i.e. the whole-time Finance Director or any other
person heading the finance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications, experience and background, etc.
of the candidate.

Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee

On the date of filing this
annual report, the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee is comprised of four independent directors: Ms. Neelam Dhawan,
Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram,  Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha and Mr. Punit Sood. Ms. Neelam Dhawan is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee
include recommending appointments of directors to the Board, identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be
appointed in senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down and recommending to the Board their appointment and removal,
formulate a criteria for the evaluation of the performance of the wholetime/independent directors and the Board and to extend or continue
the term of appointment of independent directors on the basis of the report of performance evaluation of independent directors, recommending
to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration for the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees, recommending to the
Board the remuneration (including performance bonus and perquisites) to wholetime directors and senior management personnel. The functions
also include approving the policy for and quantum of bonus payable to the members of the staff including senior management and key managerial
personnel, formulating the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director, framing policy
on Board diversity, framing guidelines for the Employees Stock Option Scheme/Employee Stock Unit Scheme and decide on the grant of options/units
to employees and wholetime directors of the Bank and its subsidiary companies.

184

Table of Contents

Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

On the date of filing this
annual report, the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is comprised of five directors: Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha, Mr. Radhakrishnan
Nair, Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Mr. Rohit Bhasin and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha, an independent director and non-executive part-time
Chairman of the Bank is the Chairman of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee
include review of corporate social responsibility initiatives undertaken by ICICI Group and the ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth,
formulation and recommendation to the Board of a corporate social responsibility policy indicating the activities to be undertaken by
the Bank and recommendation of the amount of the expenditure to be incurred on such activities, identifying the focus, from among the
themes specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), for initiatives to be undertaken by the Bank, reviewing
and recommending the annual corporate social responsibility plan to the Board with details of corporate social responsibility initiatives
and projects and schedule of implementation, making recommendations to the Board with respect to the corporate social responsibility initiatives,
policies and practices of ICICI Group, monitoring the corporate social responsibility activities, implementation and compliance with the
corporate social responsibility policy, reviewing the submissions to be made to the Board with respect to implementation of the annual
corporate social responsibility action plan including the disbursement of funds for the purposes and manner as approved, implementation
of on-going projects as per approved timelines and year-wise allocation of funds, any modifications to be suggested to on-going projects,
earmarking unspent corporate social responsibility amount, if any, in subsequent periods as prescribed in the Act and suggest deployment
of any amount spent in excess of the requirement for set-off in subsequent years, reviewing impact assessment of projects, and reviewing
and implementing, if required, any other matter related to corporate social responsibility initiatives as recommended/suggested by the
Reserve Bank of India or any other body.

Credit Committee

On the date of filing of
this annual report, the Credit Committee is comprised of four directors: Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram, Mr. Radhakrishnan
Nair and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Managing Director and CEO, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee
inter alia includes review of developments in key industrial sectors, major credit portfolios and approval of credit proposals as per
the authorization approved by the Board.

Customer Service Committee

On the date of filing of
this annual report, the Customer Service Committee is comprised of four directors: Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, Mr.
Sandeep Bakhshi and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, an independent director, is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee
include review of customer service initiatives, overseeing the functioning of the Standing Committee on Customer Service (Customer Service
Council) and evolving innovative measures for enhancing the quality of customer service and improvement in the overall satisfaction level
of customers.

Fraud Monitoring Committee

On the date of filing of
this annual report, the Fraud Monitoring Committee is comprised of four directors: Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair, Ms. Neelam Dhawan, Ms. Vibha
Paul Rishi, and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair, an independent director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The Committee monitors and
reviews all the frauds involving an amount of Rs. 30.0 million and above with the objective of identifying the systemic lacunae and suggest
mitigating measures for strengthening the internal controls, risk management framework, if any. The functions of this Committee include
identifying the reasons for delay in detection of fraud, if any in reporting to top management of the Bank and Reserve Bank of India.
The status of filing of complaint with law enforcement agencies and recovery position is also monitored by the Committee. The Committee
also ensures that staff accountability is examined at all levels in all the cases of frauds and staff side action, if required, is completed
quickly without any delay. The role of the Committee is also to review the efficacy of the remedial action taken to prevent recurrence
of frauds.

185

Table of Contents

Information Technology Strategy Committee

On the date of filing of
this annual report, the Information Technology Strategy Committee is comprised of five directors: Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram, Ms. Neelam
Dhawan, Mr. Punit Sood, Mr. Sandeep Batra and Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta. Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram, an independent director, is the Chairman
of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee
are to approve the strategy for information technology and policy documents, ensure that the information technology strategy is aligned
with business strategy, review performance with reference to information technology and information security key risk indicators including
periodic review of such risk indicators, ensure proper balance of information technology investments for sustaining the Bank’s growth,
oversee the aggregate funding of information technology at Bank-level, ascertain if the management has resources to ensure the proper
management of information technology risks, review contribution of information technology to business, oversee the activities of Digital
Council, review technology from a future readiness perspective, overseeing key projects progress and critical information technology systems
performance including review of information technology capacity requirements and adequacy and effectiveness of business continuity management
and disaster recovery, review of special information technology initiatives, review cyber risk, consider the Reserve Bank of India inspection
report/directives received from time to time by the Bank in the areas of information technology and cyber security and to review the compliance
of various actionables arising out of such reports/directives as may be deemed necessary from time to time and review deployment of skilled
resources within the technology and information security functions to ensure effective and efficient deliveries.

Risk Committee

On the date of filing of
this annual report, the Risk Committee is comprised of four directors: Mr. Rohit Bhasin, Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha and
Mr. Sandeep Batra. Mr. Rohit Bhasin, an independent director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee
are to review ICICI Bank’s risk management policies pertaining to credit, market, liquidity, operational, outsourcing, model risk
management, reputation risks, business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan and approve broker empanelment policy and any amendments
thereto. The functions of the Committee also include setting limits on any industry or country, review of the Enterprise Risk Management
framework, risk appetite for the Bank, stress testing framework, internal capital adequacy assessment process and framework for capital
allocation; review of the Basel framework, risk dashboard covering various risks, outsourcing activities, the activities of the Asset
Liability Management Committee and the proceedings of the Group Risk Management Committee. The Committee also carries out Cyber Security
risk assessment, reviews the framework for early warning signal and red flagging of accounts along with reviewing model risk management.
The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer is subject to review by the Committee. The Committee coordinates
its activities with other committees, in instances where there is any overlap with activities of such committees, as per the framework
laid down by the Board of Directors.

Stakeholders Relationship Committee

On the date of filing of
this annual report, the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is comprised of three directors: Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Mr. Sandeep
Batra and Mr. Ajay Gupta. Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, an independent director, is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The functions of the Committee
include approval and rejection of transmission of shares, bonds, debentures, issue of duplicate certificates, allotment of securities
from time to time, redressal and resolution of grievances of security holders, delegation of authority for opening and operation of bank
accounts for payment of interest/dividend.

Review Committee (Gross Principal Outstanding >
Rs. 750.0 million) for identification & classification of willful defaulters

The Managing Director and
CEO is the Chairman of this Committee and any two independent directors comprise the remaining members.

The function of the Committee
is to review the order of Identification Committee, a Committee for identification of willful defaulters/non co-operative borrowers, and
confirm the same for the order to be considered final.

All of the above committees
keep the Board of Directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations and actions to be taken.

186

Table of Contents

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a Group Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics for our directors and all our employees. This code aims at ensuring consistent standards of conduct and ethical business practices
across the constituents of the Company and is reviewed on an annual basis. We have not granted a waiver from any provision of the code
to any of our directors or executive officers. All directors and members of the senior management have confirmed compliance with Group
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for fiscal 2025.

Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading

We have adopted a Code on Prohibition of Insider
Trading inter-alia to regulate and monitor trading (i.e. buying, selling, dealing etc.) in our securities as well as other listed
company securities by designated persons including directors and senior management. A copy of our Code on Prohibition of Insider
Trading has been filed as an exhibit to this annual report.

Principal Accountant: Fees and Services

The total fees to our principal accountant relating
to the audit of consolidated financial statements of ICICI Group, and financial statements of subsidiaries for fiscal 2024 and fiscal
2025 and the fees for other professional services offered to ICICI Group billed in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025 are as follows:

Year ended March 31,
2024   2025   2025
(in millions)   (in thousands)
Audit
Audit of ICICI Bank Limited and our subsidiaries   Rs.   188   Rs.   249   US$   2,915
Audit-related services   ..   ..   ..
Opinion on non-statutory accounts   ..   ..   ..
Others   10   8   94
Sub-total   198   257   3,009
Non-audit services
Tax compliance   1   1   12
Other services   ..   ..   ..
Sub-total   1   1   12
Total   Rs.   199   Rs.   258   US$   3,021

Fees for “others” under the audit
services category are principally fees related to certification services. Our Audit Committee approved the fees paid to our principal
accountant relating to audit of consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2025 and fees for other professional services billed in fiscal
2025. Our Audit Committee pre-approves all assignments undertaken for us by our principal accountant.

Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices

The following is a summary comparison of significant
differences between our corporate governance practices and those required by the New York Stock Exchange for United States issuers.

Independent Directors

A majority (eight of 12 as at June 30, 2025) of
our Board are independent directors, as defined under applicable Indian legal requirements. Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 as
amended from time to time and Regulation 16 the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time, have defined an independent director and specified the eligibility criteria for a director
to be classified as independent. All independent directors have given declarations that they meet the criteria of independence as laid
down under Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended and Regulation 16 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (SEBI Listing Regulations) which have been relied on by the Bank
and were placed before Bank’s Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 19, 2025. The Board has accordingly determined the
independence of these directors. Pursuant to

187

Table of Contents

the Companies Act, the director nominated by Government of India would
not be classified as independent. Although the judgment on independence must be made by our Board as required under the Companies Act,
2013, there is no requirement that our Board affirmatively make such determination, in accordance with the independence test as required
by the New York Stock Exchange rules.

Non-Management Directors Meetings

Independent directors are required to meet at
least once in a financial year without the non-independent directors and members of the management. At such meetings, the independent
directors are required to review the performance of the Chairman of the Board taking into account the views of executive and non-executive
directors, non-independent directors, Board Committees, and the Board as a whole. The independent directors also assess the quality, quantity
and timeliness of flow of information between the Bank’s management and the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively
and reasonably perform its duties. The independent directors met on April 19, 2025, to carry out these reviews. Prior to this, the independent
directors had met on April 27, 2024, separately to carry out similar reviews.

Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee
and Audit Committee

All members of our Board Governance, Remuneration
& Nomination Committee are independent, as defined under applicable Indian legal requirements. All members of our Audit Committee
are independent under Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). The constitution and main
functions of these committees as approved by our Board are described above and comply with the spirit of the New York Stock Exchange requirements
for United States issuers.

Corporate Governance Guidelines

Under New York Stock Exchange rules, United States
issuers are required to adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines addressing matters such as standards of director qualification,
responsibilities of directors, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, management succession and annual
performance review of the Board of Directors. While as a foreign private issuer, we are not required to adopt such guidelines, under our
home country regulations, pursuant to the notification of the Companies Act, the Bank has disclosed the policy on director appointments
and remuneration including criteria for determining qualifications and independence of a director in its Indian annual report to shareholders
for fiscal 2025. The Bank is also required to provide a statement indicating the manner in which formal annual evaluation has been made
by the Board of its own performance and that of its committees and individual directors and this statement has been included in the Indian
annual report.

Controls and Procedures

We have carried out an evaluation under the supervision
and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act at year-end fiscal 2025.

As a result, it has been concluded that, as of
the end of the period covered by this report, the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that
the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported as and when required.

However, as a result of our evaluation, we noted
certain areas where our processes and controls could be further strengthened. The Audit Committee monitors the resolution of any identified
significant process and control improvement opportunities to a satisfactory conclusion. In the areas of IT and cyber risk, IT Strategy
Committee also exercises oversight. We are committed to continuing to implement and improve internal controls and our risk management
processes, and this remains a key priority for us. We also have a process whereby business and financial officers throughout the Bank
certify to the accuracy of reported financial information as well as the effectiveness of disclosure controls, procedures and processes.

There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness
of any system, especially of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error, circumvention or overriding
of the controls and procedures, in a fast-changing environment or when entering new areas of business or expanding geographic reach or
deploying emerging technologies. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance
of achieving their control objectives.

188

Table of Contents

We have experienced significant growth in a fast-changing
environment, and management is aware that this may pose significant challenges to the control framework. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—There is operational risk associated with the financial industry which, when realized, may have an adverse
impact on our business
”.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Our
internal control over financial reporting system has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and preparation and fair presentation of our published Indian GAAP consolidated financial statements and disclosures relating
to U.S. GAAP net income reconciliation, stockholders’ equity reconciliation and other disclosures as required by U.S Securities
and Exchange Commission and applicable GAAP.

Management maintains an internal control system
intended to ensure that financial reporting provides reasonable assurance that transactions are executed in accordance with the authorizations
of management and directors, assets are safeguarded and financial records are reliable.

Our internal control over financial reporting
includes policies and procedures that:

·   pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect in reasonable detail the transactions and dispositions of
our assets;

·   provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and the executive directors; and

·   provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

All internal control over financial reporting
systems, no matter how well-designed, have inherent limitations, and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems
determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness for future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting at year-end fiscal 2025 based on criteria set by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on the assessment, management concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective at year-end fiscal 2025. Effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at year-end
fiscal 2025 has been audited by KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP (formerly known as KPMG), an independent registered public
accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which is included herein.

Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

No change in our internal control over financial
reporting occurred during the period covered by this annual report that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially
affect our internal control over financial reporting.

Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers

Remuneration

Under our organizational
documents, each of our non-executive directors, except the government director, is entitled to receive remuneration for attending each
meeting of our Board or of a Board committee. The amount of remuneration payable to non-executive directors is set by our Board from time
to time in accordance with the limits prescribed by the Companies Act and the rules thereunder. The Board of Directors has approved the
payment of Rs. 100,000 as sitting fee for attending each meeting of the Board or a Board committee.

189

Table of Contents

In line with the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines including Reserve Bank of India circular dated February 9, 2024, payment of fixed remuneration of Rs. 3,000,000
per annum was approved by shareholders for each non-executive Director of the Bank (other than part-time Chairman and the Government Nominee
Director). The Reserve Bank of India and the shareholders have also approved a remuneration of Rs. 5,000,000 per annum for the non-executive
chairman. In addition, we reimburse our directors for expenses incurred in connection with attending Board and committee meetings and
related matters. If a director is required to perform services for us beyond attending meetings, we may remunerate the director as determined
by our Board of Directors which remuneration may be either in addition to or as substitution for the remuneration discussed above. Non-executive
directors are not entitled to the payment of any benefits at the end of their terms of office.

Our Board may fix the salary
and supplementary allowance payable to the wholetime directors which is also subject to shareholders approval. We are required to obtain
specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India and other necessary approvals for the actual monthly salary, supplementary allowance, annual
performance bonus and employee stock options paid each year to our wholetime directors.

In addition to the basic
salary and supplementary allowance, our wholetime directors are entitled to certain perquisites (evaluated as per Income-tax Rules, wherever
applicable, and otherwise at actual cost to the Bank in other cases) such as the benefit of the Bank’s furnished accommodation,
furnishings, club fees, group insurances (medical insurance, life insurance and personal accident insurance), use of car, running and
maintenance of cars including drivers, telephone /IT assets at residence or reimbursement of expenses in lieu thereof, payment of income
tax on perquisites by the Bank to the extent permissible under the Income Tax Act, 1961 and rules framed thereunder, leave and leave travel
concession, education and other benefits, provident fund, superannuation fund, gratuity and other retirement benefits, in accordance with
the scheme(s) and rule(s) applicable from time to time to retired wholetime directors of the Bank or the members of the staff. In line
with the staff loan policy applicable to specified grades of employees who fulfil prescribed eligibility criteria to avail loans for purchase
of residential property, the wholetime directors are also eligible for housing loans. The stock options vest in a graded manner over a
three-year period, with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 12 months from the date of the
grant. The options so vested are to be exercised within 5 years from the date of vesting.

There are no service contracts
with our wholetime directors providing for benefits upon termination of their employment.

The total compensation paid
by the Bank to its directors and wholetime officers during fiscal 2025 was Rs. 410.5 million.

Bonus

Each year, our Board of Directors awards discretionary
bonuses to employees and wholetime directors on the basis of the Bank’s performance and individual performance. The aggregate amount
of bonuses and performance linked retention pay to all eligible employees of ICICI Bank for fiscal 2025 was Rs. 28.1 billion.

Employee Stock Option Scheme

ICICI Bank has an Employees Stock Option Scheme
- 2000 (the “Scheme 2000”) which was instituted in fiscal 2000 to enable the employees and Wholetime Directors of ICICI Bank
and its subsidiaries to participate in future growth and financial success of the Bank. The Scheme 2000 aims at achieving the twin objectives
of aligning employee interest to that of the shareholders and retention. Through employee stock option grants, the Bank seeks to foster
a culture of long-term sustainable value creation. The Scheme 2000 is in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations). The options are granted by the Board
Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee and noted/approved by the Board as the case may be. Pursuant to the Scheme 2000, as
amended from time to time, up to 10.0% of the aggregate issued equity shares of the Bank at the time of the grant of stock options can
be allocated under the employee stock option scheme. The stock options entitle eligible employees to apply for equity shares. At March
31, 2025, this 10.0% limit was equivalent to 712.19 million shares, of which the Bank has granted (net of lapsed) 639.49 million options
under the Scheme 2000. Permanent employee or a director (excluding independent director) of the Bank or of a ICICI Bank’s subsidiary
are eligible employees for grants of stock options. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a year is restricted
to 0.05% of the Bank’s issued equity shares at the time of the grant.

190

Table of Contents

Options granted after April 1, 2014 vest in a
graded manner over a three-year period, with 30%, 30% and 40% of the options vesting on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant
date respectively, except as follows:

·   For 275,000 options granted in April 2014, 50% vested on April 30, 2017 and the balance 50% vested on April 30, 2018.

·   For 34,362,900 options granted in September 2015, 50% vested on April 30, 2018 and the balance 50% vested on April 30, 2019.

Options granted prior to April 1, 2014 vested
in a graded manner over a four-year period, with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of the options vesting on each of the first four anniversaries
of the grant date, except as follows:

·   For the options granted in February 2011, 50% of the options vested on April 30, 2014 and 50% vested on April 30, 2015.

The price for options granted is equal to the
closing price on the stock exchange which recorded the highest trading volume preceding the date of grant of options. Options granted
in February 2011 were granted at an exercise price which was approximately 3.0% below the closing price preceding the date of grant of
options.

Pursuant to the approval of shareholders in June
2017, the exercise period is such period not exceeding ten years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board
of Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant. In September 2018, the shareholders approved the change in exercise
period to not exceeding five years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board Governance, Remuneration &
Nomination Committee for all future grants effective May 2018.

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the stock option grants made to employees under the Scheme 2000 on March 31, 2025. The Bank granted all of these options at
no cost to its employees. Options granted include grants to wholetime directors and employees of subsidiaries of the Bank. The Bank has
not granted any stock options to its non-executive directors.

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding the options granted by the Bank at March 31, 2025.

Particulars   ICICI
Bank
Options granted (net of lapsed)   639,487,150
Options vested   634,064,559
Options exercised   469,620,223
Options forfeited/lapsed   114,054,824
Amount realized by exercise of options   Rs.            78,134,495,370
Total number of options in force   169,866,927
Weighted average exercise price of options in force   Rs. 484.94

In March 2025, 2,960,270 options were granted
to eligible employees of ICICI Securities Limited (ICICI Securities) including its subsidiaries, pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement
amongst ICICI Bank, ICICI Securities and their respective shareholders for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities (the “Scheme
of Arrangement”). The exercise price payable for the options granted by ICICI Bank has been adjusted after taking into account the
effect of the swap ratio. Each option confers on the eligible employee a right to apply for one equity share of face value Rs. 2.00 each
of ICICI Bank.

See also “
Consolidated
financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes—Note 18
”
under U. S. GAAP included herein.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company has an
employees stock option scheme (the “I Pru Life Scheme”), which allows that the aggregate number of shares issued or issuable
since March 31, 2016 pursuant to the exercise of any options granted to eligible employees issued pursuant to the I Pru Life Scheme or
any other stock option scheme of the Company, shall not exceed a figure equivalent to 3.54% of the number of shares issued at March 31,
2016. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.1% of the issued shares of
the Company at the time of grant of options.

191

Table of Contents

The I Pru Life Scheme is in compliance with the
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company had 24,255,595
stock options outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2025.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company has an
employee stock option scheme (the “ICICI General Scheme”), which allows up to 8.98% of the issued capital to be allocated
to employee stock options. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.1% of
the issued shares of the Company at the time of grant of options.

The ICICI General Scheme is in compliance with
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company had 12,170,182
employee stock options outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2025.

Employees Stock Unit Scheme

ICICI Bank has an Employees Stock Unit Scheme
– 2022 (the “Scheme 2022”), which was instituted in fiscal 2023.

The key objectives of the Scheme 2022 are to deepen
the co-ownership amongst the (i) mid level and front-line managers, and (ii) employees of Bank’s select unlisted wholly owned subsidiaries
with the following key considerations:

i.   to enable employees’ participation in the business as an active stakeholder to usher in an “Owner-Manager” culture
and to act as a retention mechanism;

ii.   to enhance motivation of employees; and

iii.   to enable employees to participate in the long term growth and financial success of the Bank.

The Scheme 2022 is in compliance with the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

A maximum of 100,618,910
units (increased from 100,000,000 to 100,618,910 pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement and in-principle approval received from the stock
exchanges on April 1, 2025), shall be granted in one or more tranches over a period of seven years from the date of approval of the Scheme
2022 by the shareholders, which shall entitle the unit holder one fully paid-up equity share of face value of Rs. 2 of the Bank as adjusted
for any changes in capital structure of the Bank against each unit exercised. Units granted under the Scheme 2022 shall vest not later
than the maximum vesting period of four years.

The Bank has up to March
31, 2025 granted 8.78 million units. As per the Scheme 2022, the maximum number of units granted to any eligible employee shall not exceed
20,000 units in any financial year and 0.14% of the total units available for grant over a period of seven years from the date of approval
of the Scheme 2022 by the shareholders.

Units granted under the Scheme
2022 vest in a graded manner over a three-year period with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end
of 13 months from the date of grant. The exercise period will not exceed five years from date of vesting of units or such shorter period
as may be determined by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant. The exercise price shall be the
face value of equity shares of the Bank i.e. Rs. 2 for each unit.

Besides continuity of employment,
vesting shall also be dependent on achievement of certain corporate performance parameter(s) such as:

·   Risk Calibrated Core Operating profit;

·   Provision/asset quality;

·   Other parameters, if any, as the Committee may determine.

192

Table of Contents

The following table sets
forth certain information regarding the stock unit grants made to employees under the Scheme 2022 at March 31, 2025.

Particulars   ICICI Bank
Units granted (net of lapsed)   8,783,967
Units vested   1,315,706
Units exercised   751,672
Units forfeited/lapsed   600,123
Amount realized by exercise of units   Rs.   1,503,344
Total number of units in force   8,032,295
Weighted average exercise price of units in force   Rs. 2

Includes 618,910 units granted to eligible employees
of ICICI Securities Limited including its subsidiaries at an exercise price of Rs. 2.00 in March 2025 pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement.
Each unit confers on the eligible employee a right to apply for one equity share of face value Rs. 2.00 each of ICICI Bank.

The Board of Directors of ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company at its meeting held on June 10, 2023, approved the adoption of Employees Stock Unit Scheme - 2023 (the “ICICI
Life Scheme 2023”), which was subsequently approved by the members at the annual general meeting held on July 28, 2023.

The ICICI Life Scheme 2023 is in compliance with
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

A maximum of 14,500,000 units, shall be granted
in one or more tranches over a period of six years from the date of approval of the ICICI Life Scheme 2023 by the shareholders, which
shall entitle the unit holder one fully paid-up equity share of face value of Rs. 10 of the company (as adjusted for any changes in capital
structure of the Bank) against each unit exercised and accordingly, up to 14,500,000 equity shares of face value of Rs. 10 (approximately
1% of the outstanding shares as on March 31, 2023) each shall be allotted to all eligible employees taken together under the ICICI Life
Scheme 2023.The maximum number of units granted to any eligible employee shall not exceed 60,000 units in any financial year.

Units granted under the ICICI Life Scheme 2023
shall vest not later than the maximum vesting period of four years. In addition, vesting of units shall also be dependent on mandatory
achievement of corporate performance condition(s). The exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares of the Company i.e. Rs.
10 for each unit.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company had 1,700,770
units outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed units) at year-end fiscal 2025.

The Board of Directors of ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited at its meeting held on April 18, 2023, approved the adoption of Employees Stock Unit Scheme - 2023
(the “ICICI General Scheme 2023”), which was subsequently approved by the members at the annual general meeting held on
July 06, 2023.

The ICICI General Scheme 2023 is in compliance
with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

A maximum of 5,000,000 units shall be granted
under the ICICI General Scheme 2023, which shall entitle the unit holder one fully paid-up equity share of face value of Rs. 10 of the
company against each unit exercised and accordingly, up to 5,000,000 equity shares of face value of Rs. 10 each shall be allotted to all
eligible employees taken together under the ICICI General Scheme 2023. The maximum number of units granted to any eligible employee shall
not exceed 20,000 units in any financial year.

Units granted under the ICICI General Scheme 2023
shall vest not later than the maximum vesting period of four years. In addition, the vesting of the units shall be based on one or more
of relevant parameters as:

•	Market Share;

•	Combined Ratio; and

193

Table of Contents

•	Performance of the eligible employee

Such other conditions as the Board Nomination & Remuneration Committee
may decide. Exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares of the company i.e. Rs. 10 for each unit.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited had granted 603,624 units under employees stock unit scheme to its employees during fiscal 2025 and 579,491 employee stock
units were outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2025.

The Board of Directors of ICICI Securities Limited
at the extra-ordinary general meeting held on December 8, 2017, approved the Employees Stock Option Scheme, 2017 (the “ESOS- 2017”),
which was subsequently approved by the members at the annual general meeting held on August 30, 2018.

The Board of Directors of ICICI Securities Limited
at its meeting held on July 21, 2022, approved the adoption of Employees Stock Unit Scheme - 2022 (the “I-Sec Scheme 2022”),
which was subsequently approved by the members at the annual general meeting held on August 26, 2022.

Pursuant to delisting of shares of ICICI Securities
Limited from the exchanges w.e.f. March 24, 2025, the outstanding stock units granted by ICICI Securities Limited to its eligible employees
under the I-Sec Scheme 2022, automatically were cancelled as per scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank and ICICI Securities Limited.
Subsequent to approval of the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee, the stock units have been granted by ICICI Bank
to the eligible employees of ICICI Securities Limited under the ICICI Bank’s Scheme 2000 & Scheme 2022 on the basis of the swap
ratio.

Loans

The Bank has internal rules for grant of loans
to employees and executive directors to acquire certain assets such as property, vehicles and other consumer durables at significantly
lower interest rates than the market rate. The Bank’s loans to employees have been made at interest rates ranging from 2.5% to 3.5%
per annum and are repayable over fixed periods of time. The loans are generally secured by the assets acquired by the employees. Pursuant
to the Banking Regulation Act, the Bank’s non-executive directors are not eligible for any loans. At year-end fiscal 2025, outstanding
loans to the Bank’s employees totaled Rs. 33.0 billion compared to Rs. 23.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. This amount included
loans to certain executive directors amounting to Rs. 44 million at year-end fiscal 2025 compared to Rs. 61 million at year-end fiscal
2024, made on the same terms, including as to interest rates and collateral, as loans to other employees. Loans to executive directors
are given after approval by the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
Related Party Transactions
”.

Gratuity

The Bank pays gratuity to employees who retire
or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service and, in the case of employees at overseas locations, in accordance with
the rules in force in the respective countries. The Bank makes contributions to gratuity funds for employees which are administered by
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

Actuarial valuation of the gratuity liability
for all the above funds is determined by an actuary appointed by the Bank. Actuarial valuation of gratuity liability is determined based
on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected unit credit method.

The accounts of the fund are audited by independent
auditors. The total corpus of the fund at year-end fiscal 2025 based on its audited financial statements was Rs. 20.3 billion compared
to Rs. 18.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

Superannuation Fund

The Bank contributes 15% of the total annual basic
salary and dearness allowance (if applicable) to a superannuation fund in respect of the employees to whom it applies. The Bank’s
employees may elect on retirement or resignation to receive one-third or one-half, depending on the tenure of service, of the total balance
as commutation and a periodic pension based on the remaining balance. In the event of the death of an employee, his or her beneficiary
receives the remaining accumulated balance, if eligible. The Bank also gives a cash option to its employees, allowing them to receive
the amount that would otherwise be contributed by the Bank in their monthly salary during their employment. The

194

Table of Contents

superannuation fund is administered by Life Insurance Corporation of
India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. Employees have the option to choose between funds administered by the Life
Insurance Corporation of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. The total corpus of the superannuation fund was Rs.
6.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2025 compared to Rs. 6.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

Provident Fund

The Bank is statutorily required to maintain a
provident fund as part of its retirement benefits to its employees. The provident fund, to which both ICICI Bank and its employees contribute
a defined amount, is a savings scheme under which ICICI Bank at present is required to pay to employees a minimum annual return as specified
from time to time, which was specified at 8.25 % for fiscal 2025. If such return is not generated internally by the fund, ICICI Bank is
liable for the difference. There are separate provident funds for employees inducted from merged entities (Bank of Madura, The Bank of
Rajasthan and Sangli Bank) and for other employees of the Bank. These funds are managed by in-house trustees. Each employee contributes
12.0% of his or her basic salary and the Bank contributes an equal amount to the funds.

Out of the 12% of employer contribution, 8.33% subject to a maximum of Rs. 1,250 contributed per employee to the Employee Pension Scheme
with Employee Provident Fund Organization. Pursuant to Supreme Court judgement in November 2022, certain eligible employees are given
an option to contribute the entire 8.33% to employee pension scheme with Employee Provident Fund Organization.

The investments of the funds are made according to rules prescribed by the Government of India. The accounts of the funds are audited
by independent auditors. The total corpuses of the funds for employees inducted from merged entities and other employees of the Bank at
year-end fiscal 2025, based on their audited financial statements, amount to Rs. 1.5 billion and Rs. 65.2 billion respectively, as compared
to Rs. 1.6 billion and Rs. 57.2 billion, respectively, at year-end fiscal 2024.

Pension Fund

The Bank provides for pension, a deferred retirement
plan covering certain employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. The plan provides for pension payments,
including dearness relief, on a monthly basis to these employees on their retirement based on the respective employee’s salary and
years of service with the Bank. For the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan employees in service, funds are managed
by the trust and the liability is funded as per actuarial valuation. The trust purchases annuities from the Life Insurance Corporation
of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited as part of its master policies for payment of pension to retired employees
of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. Employees covered by the pension plan are not eligible for employer’s
contribution under the provident fund plan. The corpus, based on audited financial statements at year-end fiscal 2025 was Rs.17.4 billion
compared to Rs.17.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

National Pension Scheme

National Pension Scheme is a voluntary, defined
contribution retirement savings scheme. The Bank contributes up to 14% of basic salary to National Pension Scheme for employees who opt
to participate in the scheme. These funds are invested by Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority and are regulated by professional
fund managers as per the investment option selected by the respective employees. At the time of retirement, up to 60% of the accumulated
contributions (including returns thereon) can be withdrawn as lump-sum by the employee. The residual accumulated contributions need to
be used for the purchase of a life annuity from a Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority empaneled life insurance company.
The Bank has contributed Rs. 423.2 million for fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024: Rs. 349.3 million) to National Pension Scheme for employees who
opted for the scheme.

Interest of Management in Certain Transactions

Except as otherwise stated in this annual report,
no amount or benefit has been paid or given to any of our directors or executive officers.

Disclosure on Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation

During or after the fiscal year of 2025, we were
not required to prepare an accounting restatement that required recovery of erroneously awarded compensation pursuant to the compensation
recovery policy required by the listing standards adopted by the New York Stock Exchange.

195

Table of Contents

Supervision and
Regulation

The following description is a summary of certain
sector-specific laws and regulations in India that are applicable to us. The information detailed in this chapter has been obtained from
publications available in the public domain. The regulations set out below are not exhaustive and are only intended to provide general
information.

The key legislation governing banking companies
in India is the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. The provisions of the Banking Regulation Act are in addition to and not, save as expressly
provided in the Banking Regulation Act, in derogation of the Companies Act, 2013 and any other law currently in force. Other important
laws which govern banking companies in India include the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, Payment
and Settlement System Act, 2007, Securitization and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002,
Negotiable Instrument Act, 1881 and Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 as amended from time to time. Additionally, the Reserve Bank
of India, from time to time, issues guidelines to be followed by banks. Compliance with all regulatory requirements is evaluated with
respect to financial statements under Indian GAAP. Banking companies in India are also governed by the provisions of the Companies Act,
2013, and if such companies are listed on a stock exchange in India, then various regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of
India additionally apply to such companies.

Reserve Bank of India Regulations

The Banking Regulation Act requires a company
to obtain a license from the Reserve Bank of India to carry on banking business in India. This license is subject to such conditions as
the Reserve Bank of India may choose to impose, such as, but not limited to, the bank having adequate capital and earning prospects, the
bank having the ability to pay its present and future depositors in full as their claims accrue and that the affairs of the bank will
not be or are not likely to be conducted in a manner detrimental to the interests of present or future depositors. The Reserve Bank
of India may cancel the license if the bank, at any point, fails to meet the required conditions or if the bank ceases to carry on banking
operations in India.

ICICI Bank is regulated and supervised by the
Reserve Bank of India because it is licensed as a banking company by the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India requires banking
companies to furnish statements and information relating to its business. It has issued, among other things, guidelines for banking companies
relating to banking activities and prudential guidelines relating to recognition of income, classification of assets, provisioning, exposure
norms on concentration risk, valuation of investments and maintenance of capital adequacy. The Reserve Bank of India carries out an annual
risk assessment of banks under its risk-based supervision exercise. The Reserve Bank of India has also set up a Board for Financial Supervision
(“BFS”), under the chairmanship of the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India. The primary objective of BFS is to undertake
consolidated supervision of the financial sector, comprised of Scheduled Commercial and Co-operative Banks, All India Financial Institutions
(“AIFIs”), Local Area Banks, Small Finance Banks, Payments Banks, Credit Information Companies, Non-Banking Finance Companies
and Primary Dealers.

Requirements Under the Banking Regulation Act

The Banking Regulation Act specifies the business
activities in which a banking company may engage. Banks are prohibited from engaging in business activities other than the specified activities.

Statutory Reserve

In order to augment capital, a banking company
shall transfer not less than 25.0% of the ‘net profit’ before appropriations to a statutory reserve fund.

Ownership and Voting Restrictions

The Government of India regulates foreign ownership
in Indian banks. Foreign investors (including indirect foreign investors) may own up to 74.0% of the equity of a private sector bank in
India subject to rules and regulations issued by the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. While foreign
investment of up to 49.0% in private sector banks does not require any specific approval, foreign investments greater than 49.0% and up
to 74.0% require prior approval of the Government of India, unless such investments are otherwise exempted from the requirement for approval.
Investments by foreign investors exempted from the requirement for Government of India approval include certain aggregate foreign portfolio
investments up to 49.0% or the relevant sectoral cap (whichever is lower) that do not

196

Table of Contents

result in the transfer of ownership or control from Indian residents
to non-resident investors, and foreign investment through rights and bonus issues fulfilling certain conditions. Proposals requiring prior
approval from the Government of India that involve a total foreign equity inflow of more than Rs. 50.0 billion also require approval
of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.

In January 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued
Guidelines on Acquisition and Holding of Shares or Voting Rights in Banking Companies with regard to shareholding in banking companies.
As per the guidelines, banks are required to have board-approved “fit and proper” criteria for major shareholders (defined
as a shareholder or any relative or associate enterprise thereof, or person acting in concert therewith which holds 5.0% or more of the
paid-up share capital or voting rights) and continuously monitor the fit and proper status of major shareholders, including changes in
the Significant Beneficial Owner (“SBO”) as defined in the Companies Act, 2013 and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Voting rights are capped at 26.0% for a single
shareholder. However, any acquisition of shareholding/voting rights which result in the aggregate holdings (as defined in Reserve Bank
of India (Acquisition and Holding of Shares or Voting Rights in Banking Companies) Directions, 2023) to be 5.0% or more, will require
the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. For the purpose of determining 5.0% shareholding/voting rights, the holdings of equity
shares and ADS are required to be collectively considered. If aggregate holding of a major shareholder falls below 5.0%, Reserve Bank
of India approval will again be needed to raise the holding again to 5.0% or above.

Regulatory Reporting and Examination Procedures

The Reserve Bank of India is responsible for supervising the Indian
banking system under various provisions of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. The supervision framework
has evolved over time and the Reserve Bank of India has been making changes consistent with BCBS’s “Core Principles for Effective
Banking Supervision”. The existing supervisory framework has been modified towards establishing a risk-based supervision framework.

This framework is intended to make the supervisory
process for banks more efficient and effective, with the Reserve Bank of India applying differentiated supervision to each bank based
on its risk profile. A detailed qualitative and quantitative assessment of the bank’s risk is conducted by the supervisor on an
ongoing basis and an Inspection and Risk Assessment Report (“IRAR”) is issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank
of India has designated a senior supervisory manager for any bank subject to this framework, who serves as the single point of contact
for a designated bank.

We have been subject to supervision under this
framework since 2013. The Reserve Bank of India also discusses our IRAR with our management team, including the Chairman of the Bank,
the Chairman of the Audit Committee, and the Managing Director and CEO. The IRAR, along with the report on actions taken by us, has to
be placed before our Board

197

Table of Contents

of Directors. Upon approval by our Board of Directors, we are required
to submit the report on actions taken by us to the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
—Loan Loss Provisions and Non-Performing
Assets—Asset Classification
.”

Appointment and Remuneration of the Chairman, Managing
Director and Other Directors

We are required to obtain prior approval of the
Reserve Bank of India before we appoint our Chairman, Managing Director and any other executive directors or fix their remuneration. The
Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on “fit and proper” criteria for directors of banks. Our directors must satisfy
the requirements of these guidelines.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on the compensation of wholetime directors, CEOs, material risk takers, and control function staff of private sector and foreign banks
operating in India. The Reserve Bank of India has also issued guidelines on the compensation of non-executive directors of private sector
banks.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on the minimum qualifications and experience required for the position of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Technology Officer in banks.

Penalties

The Reserve Bank of India may impose penalties
on banks and their employees for infringement of regulations under the Banking Regulation Act. The penalty may be a fixed amount or may
be related to the amount involved in any contravention of the regulations. The penalty may also include imprisonment.

Assets to be Maintained in India

The Reserve Bank of India requires that the book
value of assets located in India plus import-export bills drawn in India and certain securities approved by the Reserve Bank of India,
regardless of location, constitute at least 75.0% of its demand and time liabilities in India.

Restriction on Creation of Floating
Charge

Prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India is
required for creating floating charge on our undertaking or property.

Maintenance of Records

Banks are required to maintain books, records
and registers. The Banking Regulation Act, 1949 requires banks to maintain books and records in a particular manner, and file them
periodically with the Registrar of Companies. The Know Your Customer Guidelines promulgated by the Reserve Bank of India also provide
for certain records to be updated at regular intervals. The Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, requires banks to maintain records
of a transaction for five years from the date of the transaction between a customer and the bank. The Know Your Customer records are required
to be preserved for a period of five years from the date of cessation of the relationship with the customer. The Banking Companies (Period
of Preservation of Records) Rules, 1985 requires such Know Your Customer records be preserved for a period of eight years, and requires
banks to maintain records of books, accounts, and other documents relating to stock and share registers for a period of eight years.

The Reserve Bank of India has advised system providers
to ensure that data relating to payment systems operated by them are stored only in systems located in India. See also “
—Information
Technology and Cyber Security
.”

Governance of Banks

As part of steps taken to strengthen risk management
in banks, the Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines which aim to separate the credit risk management function from the credit approval
process and also bring uniformity in the approach followed by banks.

In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India issued instructions
regarding the Chairman and meetings of the Board, composition of certain committees of the Board, age, tenure and remuneration of directors,
and appointment of bank directors. The maximum age for non-executive directors, including the Chairman, is 75 years and the total tenure
of a non-executive director on the board of a bank cannot exceed eight years.

In 2020, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidance
stating that a bank must have an effective compliance culture, independent compliance function and a strong compliance risk management
programme as part of a robust compliance

198

Table of Contents

system. The guidance requires banks to have a compliance policy explaining
its compliance philosophy, expectations on compliance culture, role of Chief Compliance Officer (“CCO”), and processes for
managing and reporting on compliance risk throughout the bank which must be review and approved by the bank’s board at least once
per year. Banks are required to develop and maintain a quality assurance and improvement program covering all aspects of the compliance
function and such programs are subject to an independent external review periodically (at least once every three years). The selection
of the candidate for the post of the CCO shall be done on the basis of a well-defined selection process and recommendations made by the
senior executive-level selection committee constituted by the Board for this purpose. The CCO shall be appointed for a minimum fixed tenure
of not less than three years.

Appointment of auditors

The appointment of the statutory auditors of banks
is subject to the approval of the Reserve Bank of India. In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines for the appointment
of statutory auditors and statutory central auditors. For entities with an asset size of Rs. 150.0 billion and above, the statutory
audit must be conducted under joint audit by at least two audit firms. The Reserve Bank of India can direct a special audit in the interest
of the depositors or in the public interest. The Reserve Bank of India has also put in place a graded enforcement action framework to
enable appropriate action in respect of statutory auditors where any lapses in conducting a bank’s statutory audit have been observed.
Lapses that would be considered for invoking the enforcement framework include misstatement of a bank’s financial statements, wrong
certifications, wrong information given in the Long Form Audit Report, and variances in audited financial statements found during the
Reserve Bank of India’s inspection and non-adherence to instructions and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

Restrictions on Payment of Dividends

The Banking Regulation Act requires banks to completely
write off capitalized expenses and transfer a statutory minimum of 20.0% of its disclosed yearly profit to a reserve account before declaring
a dividend, and Reserve Bank of India guidelines require a total write off of at least 25.0%. Banks have to comply with prudential requirements
to be eligible to declare dividends.

Capital Adequacy Requirements

We are required to comply with the Reserve Bank
of India’s capital adequacy guidelines. The Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines prescribe a minimum common equity
Tier 1 risk-weighted capital ratio of 5.5%, a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 7.0% and a minimum total risk-based capital ratio
of 9.0%. The guidelines also require banks to maintain an additional common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted
assets above the minimum requirements.

We were designated a domestic systemically important
bank by the Reserve Bank of India in 2015 and have continued to be categorized as a systemically important bank in India in subsequent
years. The additional common equity Tier 1 capital ratio requirement for us, because of our designation as a domestic systemically
important bank, is 0.20% of risk-weighted assets.

The Reserve Bank of India requires maintenance
of a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0% for domestic systemically important banks.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are subject to capital adequacy requirements stipulated
by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel III, as well as general market expectations regarding the level of capital adequacy
large Indian private sector banks should maintain, and any inability to maintain adequate capital due to changes in regulations, a
lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses”
and
“—Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are subject to liquidity requirements of the Reserve
Bank of India as well as those of banking regulators in our overseas locations, and any inability to maintain adequate liquidity due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets,
or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses
.”

With respect to computation of risk-weighted assets
for capital adequacy purposes, we follow the standardized approach for the measurement of credit and market risks and the basic indicator
approach for the measurement of operational risk.

199

Table of Contents

Under Pillar 2 of Basel III as implemented by
the Reserve Bank of India, banks are required to develop and put in place, with the approval of their boards, an Internal Capital Adequacy
Assessment Process commensurate with their size, level of complexity, risk profile and scope of operations. The Reserve Bank of India
has also issued guidelines advising banks to put in place appropriate stress testing policies and frameworks, including sensitivity and
scenario tests, for the various risk factors, the details and results of which are included in the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment
Process.

Prompt Corrective Action by the Reserve Bank
of India

The Prompt Corrective Action (“PCA”)
framework subjects banks that do not meet certain financial metrics are put under watch by the Reserve Bank of India as well as subject
to restrictions on operations and business. Under the PCA framework, a bank may be placed under watch at any point in time it is found
to breach any of the financial or operational parameters. In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India reviewed and revised the PCA framework. The
key criteria for invocation of the PCA include (i) falling below a capital adequacy ratio of 10.25% and/or below a common equity Tier
1 ratio of 6.75%, (ii) exceeding net non-performing asset ratio of 6.0% or (iii) a leverage ratio of below 4.0%.

Legal Reserve Requirements

Cash Reserve Ratio

The Reserve Bank of India requires a bank to maintain
a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities, excluding interbank deposits, by way of cash reserves with itself and by
way of balance in a current account with the Reserve Bank of India. In December 2024, the Reserve Bank of India reduced the cash
reserve ratio of all banks by 50 basis points from 4.50% to 4.00% of net demand and time liabilities. Further, the Reserve Bank of India
reduced the cash reserve ratio by an additional 100 basis points to 3.0% of net demand and time liabilities through four equal cash reserve
ratio decreases of 25 basis points each, effective from the reporting fortnight beginning September 6, 2025.

Statutory Liquidity Ratio

The Reserve Bank of India requires a bank to maintain
a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities in liquid assets like cash, gold or approved unencumbered securities. This
is referred to as the Statutory Liquidity Ratio. Investments in sovereign gold bonds may be included in the calculation of statutory liquidity
ratio. Currently, the statutory liquidity ratio is 18.0%.

Liquidity Coverage Ratio

Under Basel III as implemented by the Reserve
Bank of India, banks in India are required to maintain a minimum liquidity coverage ratio which is a ratio of the stock of high-quality
liquid assets to total net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar days under certain prescribed stressed conditions, currently set at
100%. The liquidity coverage ratio is designed to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets
to meet any acute liquidity requirements over a hypothetical stressed period lasting 30 days.

Net Stable Funding Ratio

Under Basel III as implemented by the Reserve
Bank of India, the Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) requires banks to fund their activities with more stable sources on an
ongoing basis. The NSFR is defined as the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable funding. Banks
are required to maintain a ratio of at least 100.0%.

Regulations Relating to Loans and Advances

The Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and regulations
and guidance promulgated by the Reserve Bank of India govern the provision of loans by banks in India. Directions and guidelines issued
by the Reserve Bank of India have been consolidated in the Master Circular on “Loans and Advances—Statutory and Other Restrictions.”

A bank may determine its own lending rates but
must disclose its minimum interest rate which takes into consideration all elements of lending rates that are common across borrowers.

Interest rates on all new floating rate retail
loans and loans to micro, small and medium enterprises extended by banks are required to be linked to an external benchmark market interest
rate. The external benchmark includes the

200

Table of Contents

Reserve Bank of India policy repo rate, Government of India 91-day
treasury bill yield, Government of India 182-day treasury bill yield or any other benchmark market interest rate produced by Financial
Benchmarks India Private Limited.

Banks are free to offer floating rate loans to
other types of borrowers (e.g., corporate borrowers) either on external benchmark or marginal cost of funds-based lending rate which is
the internal benchmark for such purposes. Banks must review and publish their marginal cost of funds-based lending rate monthly for maturities
up to a year as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India for computation of marginal cost of funds-based lending rate. Banks may not lend
below the benchmark rate for a particular maturity.

The Banking Regulation Act, 1949 prohibits a bank
from granting any loans or advances against the security of its own shares and a banking company is prohibited from entering into any
commitment for granting any loan or advance to or on behalf of any of its directors, or any firm in which any of its directors is interested
as partner, manager, employee or guarantor, or any company (not being a subsidiary of the banking company, a company registered under

Section 8
 of the Companies Act, 2013 or a government company) of which, or the subsidiary
or the holding company of which, any of the directors of the bank is a director, managing agent, manager, employee or guarantor or in
which he holds substantial interest, or any individual in respect of whom any of its directors is a partner or guarantor, subject to certain
exemptions.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
related to bank loans secured by equity in respect of amount, margin requirement and purpose. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
requiring banks to put in place a policy for exposure to real estate with the approval of their boards. The Reserve Bank of India has
also permitted banks to extend financial assistance to Indian companies for acquisition of equity in overseas joint ventures or wholly
owned subsidiaries or in other overseas companies, new or existing, as strategic investment. Banks are not permitted to finance acquisitions
by companies in India.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
related to digital lending that includes guidelines on disclosure to borrowers and consumer protection, such as displaying the Annual
Percentage Rate (“APR”) in a prescribed format, providing a Key Fact Statement to the customer, appointing a Nodal Grievance
Redressal Officer for dealing with complaints/issues related to digital lending, providing cooling off/look up periods during which a
borrower can foreclose a digital lending loan without paying any penalty, providing digitally signed documents to the borrowers, and other
requirements.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on fair lending practices on penal charges in loan accounts requiring Regulated Entities to formulate a board-approved policy on penal
charges or similar charges on loans. The guidelines also require that the penalty charged for non-compliance with material terms and conditions
of loan contracts be charged in the form of “penal charges” and not “penal interest” and there shall be no capitalization
of penal charges. Penal charges should be clearly disclosed in the loan agreement, Most Important Terms & Conditions (“MITC”)/Key
Fact Statement and on the website of the Bank, etc.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on regulatory measures towards consumer credit and bank credit to non-banking financial companies (“NBFCs”) that require all
top-up loans extended by REs against movable assets that are inherently depreciating in nature, such as vehicles, to be treated as unsecured
loans for credit appraisal, prudential limits and exposure purposes.

In April 2024, the Reserve Bank of India required
REs to issue a standardized Key Fact Statement for all retail and MSME term loans.
The statement must disclose key terms, including interest rates and repayment schedules, and be acknowledged by the borrower before loan
execution.

In April 2024, the Reserve Bank of India issued
guidance requiring interest to be charged from the actual date of fund disbursement. For cheque disbursals, interest must be charged from
the date the cheque is handed over to the borrower, encouraging online disbursement modes.

Directed Lending

Priority Sector Lending

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on lending to priority sectors, requiring commercial banks to lend a certain percentage of bank credit to specific sectors (the “priority
sectors”) such as agriculture, micro, small, and medium enterprises, education, housing, social infrastructure, renewable energy
and loans to start-ups.

201

Table of Contents

The Reserve Bank of India’s total priority
sector target is 40.0% of adjusted net bank credit (“ANBC”) or of the credit equivalent amount of off-balance sheet exposure
(“CEOBE”), whichever is higher, with sub-targets of 13.78% to non-corporate farmers and 10.0% to small and marginal farmers
within the overall target of 18.0% in agriculture. The target for lending to micro enterprises is 7.5% from fiscal 2025. The target for
lending to identified economically weaker sections of society is 12.0% from fiscal 2025.

Banks falling short of their priority sector lending
targets are required to contribute allocated amounts to specific Government of India funds (i.e., Rural Infrastructure Development Fund
(“RIDF”) and other funds with National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (“NABARD”)/ National Housing
Bank (“NHB”)/ Small Industries Development Bank of India (“SIDBI”), and Micro Units Development & Refinance
Agency Limited (“MUDRA”). The interest rates on contribution to RIDF or other specific Government of India funds, tenure of
deposits, and other features are fixed by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. Further, banks having shortfall in achievement
of any sub-target can instead buy priority sector lending certificates to achieve their lending targets.

Export Credit

The Reserve Bank of India allows exporters to
avail themselves of short-term working capital financing at internationally competitive interest rates. Export credit is available both
in rupee as well as in foreign currency.

Regulations Governing Overseas Direct
Investment

In August 2022, the Reserve Bank of India along
with the Central Government issued a new Overseas Investment framework (i.e., Foreign Exchange Management (Overseas Investment) Rules,
Regulations and Directions) to promote the ease of doing business, cover wider economic activity and significantly reduce the need for
seeking specific approvals from the Reserve Bank of India.

Regulations on International Trade
Settlement in Rupee

In July 2022, the Reserve Bank of India notified
an additional arrangement for invoicing, payment, and settlement of exports/imports in rupee in order to promote growth of global trade
with emphasis on exports from India and to support the interest of global trading community in rupee.

Credit Exposure Limits

As a prudential measure aimed at better risk management
and avoidance of concentration of credit risks, the Reserve Bank of India requires that banks and certain other lenders limit their single-counterparty
exposures, including to counterparty affiliates or sponsors, as well as to set and periodically review sector-specific exposures.

Further, the Reserve Bank of India has issued
guidelines on large borrowers which prescribe a limit of 20.0% and 25.0% of the eligible capital base in respect of exposures to single
counterparty and groups of connected counterparties.

Capital Market Exposure Limits

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on capital market exposures requiring that a bank’s exposure to capital markets in all forms (both fund-based and non-fund-based)
by way of investments in shares, convertible bonds/debentures, units of equity oriented mutual funds, loans against shares, and secured
and unsecured advances to stock brokers, should not exceed 40.0% of its net worth on both a standalone and consolidated basis as of March
31 of the previous year.

Limits on Intra-group Transaction
and Exposures

The Reserve Bank of India has prescribed an intra-group
entity exposure limit of 5.0% of the paid-up capital and reserves of the bank for non-financial companies and unregulated financial services
companies and 10.0% in the case of regulated financial entities. The aggregate group exposure cannot exceed 20.0% of paid-up capital and
reserves and surplus in case of all group entities (financial and non-financial) taken together and 10.0% in the case of all non-financial
companies and unregulated financial services companies taken together. Banks’ exposures to other banks/financial institutions in
the group in the form of equity and other capital instruments are exempt from these limits. If the exposure exceeds these limits, any
excess is be deducted from common equity Tier 1 capital of the bank.

202

Table of Contents

Master Direction on Transfer
of Loan Exposure and Securitization of Standard Assets

In order to provide banks with options to manage
liquidity, rebalance their exposure or strategic sales and resolve their non-performing assets, the Reserve Bank of India issued Master
Direction – Reserve Bank of India (Transfer of Loan Exposures) Directions, 2021 in September 2021, requiring securitization originators
to meet certain due diligence requirements and satisfy the Minimum Holding Period requirements (three months and six months) and the required
Minimum Retention Ratio of 10.0% .

Credit Information Bureaus

Pursuant to the Credit Information Companies (Regulation)
Act, 2005, every credit institution, including a bank, must become a member of a credit information bureau and furnish to it such credit
information as may be required of the credit institution by the credit information bureau about individuals or groups which have a credit
relationship with it.

In January 2025, the Reserve Bank of India issued
Master Direction on Credit Information Reporting, which includes but is not limited to a standardised framework for reporting and dissemination
of credit information, requirements related to safeguarding the confidentiality and security of sensitive credit data, and requirements
related to consumers’ access to credit information and grievance redressal.

Loan Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets

In April 2025, the Reserve Bank of India issued
the Master Circular on Prudential Norms on Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning Pertaining to Advances which provides
consolidated instructions and guidelines relating to income recognition, asset classification and provisioning standards.

Asset Classification

In particular, an advance is a non-performing
asset where interest and/or installment of principal remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days in respect of a term loan; the
account remains “out-of-order” in respect of an overdraft or cash credit; the bill remains overdue for a period of more than
90 days in case of bills purchased and discounted; installment of principal or interest remains overdue for two crop seasons for short
duration crops or for one crop season for long duration crops; the amount of liquidity facility remains outstanding for more than 90 days,
in respect of a securitization transaction.

In respect of derivative transactions, the overdue
receivables related to positive mark-to-market value of a derivative contract, if these remain unpaid for a period of 90 days from the
specified due date for payment; or in respect of credit card transactions, if the minimum amount due, as mentioned in the statement, remains
overdue for a period of more than 90 days from the payment due date mentioned in the statement. Interest in respect of non-performing
assets is not recognized or credited to the income account unless collected. Non-performing assets are classified as described below.

Sub-Standard Assets.
Assets that are non-performing
assets for a period not exceeding 12 months. Such an asset has well-defined credit weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt
and are characterized by the distinct possibility that the bank will sustain some loss, if deficiencies are not corrected.

Doubtful Assets.
Assets that have remained
sub-standard for a period of 12 months. A loan classified as doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent in assets that are classified as
sub-standard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known
facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable.

Loss Assets.
Assets on which losses have
been identified by the bank or internal or external auditors during the performance of their audit procedures or during the Reserve Bank
of India inspection but the amount has not been written off fully.

There are separate guidelines for classification
of loans for projects under implementation which are based on the date of commencement of commercial production and date of completion
of the project as originally envisaged at the time of financial closure.

The Reserve Bank of India conducts a risk-based
supervisory assessment of banks on an annual basis. As a part of this assessment, it separately reviews how banks classify assets and
provisioning of credit facilities given by banks to its

203

Table of Contents

borrowers. This assessment is initiated after the completion of
the annual audit and the publication of audited financial statements for the given financial year. Any differences between how a bank
and the Reserve Bank of India classify assets or account for the provisioning of credit facilities are disclosed in subsequent financial
statements if the difference for a given reference period accounts for either of 5.0% of profits before provisions and contingencies or
5.0% of gross non-performing assets. The Reserve Bank of India’s assessments of divergence in asset classification and provisioning
for ICICI Bank did not require additional disclosures in fiscal 2020, fiscal 2021, fiscal 2022, fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024.

Restructured Loans

Standard restructured loans are subject to higher
standard asset provisioning requirements and higher risk weights for capital adequacy purposes. The higher risk weights and provision
shall continue until satisfactory performance under the revised payment schedule has been established for the specified period. If the
restructured account is overdue as per the revised schedule for a period beyond the minimum period prescribed for classification of a
loan as non-performing, it is required to be downgraded to non-performing status with reference to the pre-restructuring payment schedule.

Provisioning and Write-offs

Provisions under Indian GAAP are based on guidelines
specific to the classification of the assets. The following guidelines apply to the various asset classifications:

Standard Assets
: The allowances on the performing
portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning requirement is a uniform rate of 0.4% for all
standard assets except certain advances which require provision in the range of 0.25% to 3.0%.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines requiring
banks to maintain provisions for standard assets at rates higher than the regulatory requirement in respect of advances to stressed sectors
of the economy. For assets referred to the National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, banks have to make
provisions to the extent of 50.0% of the secured portion and 100.0% of the unsecured portion of the outstanding loans.

Sub-standard Assets
: A provision of 15.0% is
required for all sub-standard assets. A provision of 25.0% is required for accounts that are unsecured. Unsecured infrastructure loan
accounts classified as sub-standard require provisioning of 20.0%.

Doubtful Assets
: A 100.0% provision/write-off
is required against the unsecured portion of a doubtful asset and is charged against income. For the secured portion of assets classified
as doubtful, a 25.0% provision is required for assets that have been classified as doubtful for a year, a 40.0% provision is required
for assets that have been classified as doubtful for one to three years and a 100.0% provision is required for assets classified as doubtful
for more than three years. The value assigned to the collateral securing a loan is the amount reflected on the borrower’s books
or the realizable value determined by third-party appraisers.

Loss Assets
: The entire asset is required to
be written off or provided for.

Guidelines Relating to Use of
Recovery Agents by Banks

The Reserve Bank of India has asked banks to implement
due diligence processes related to the engagement of recovery agents, to communicate details of recovery agents to borrowers, and provide
for grievance redressal in the context of the debt recovery process.

204

Table of Contents

Legislative Framework for Enforcement of Security
by Banks for Non-performing Assets/Recovery of Debts Due to Banks

The SARFAESI Act provides that a secured creditor
may, in respect of loans classified as non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, give notice in writing
to the borrower requiring it to discharge its liabilities within 60 days. If a borrower fails to do so, a secured creditor may, among
other actions, take possession/sell off the assets constituting the security for the loan, take over the management of the business of
the borrower, appoint a person to manage the secured assets taken in possession and the like with the ultimate objective of recovering
the money due to the secured borrower. See also “
—Regulations Relating to Sale of Assets to Asset Reconstruction Companies
”.

The Recovery of Debts and Bankruptcy Act, 1993
establishes Debt Recovery Tribunals with the objective of expeditious adjudication and recovery of debts due to any bank or financial
institution or consortium thereof. Upon establishment of the Debt Recovery Tribunal, no court or other authority can exercise jurisdiction
in relation to matters covered by this Act, except the higher courts in India in certain circumstances.

We are also adopting an alternate dispute resolution
mechanism both online and offline (entailing pre-litigation Lok Adalat, mediation, conciliation or arbitration or combination thereof
administered by Legal Service Authorities or an independent institution) for speedy resolution of claims and disputes of certain retail
assets and services as an alternative to approaching courts or tribunals. In addition, we focus on proactive management of accounts under
supervision. Our strategy is aimed at early-stage solutions to incipient problems.

Resolution of Stressed Assets

Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
2016

The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, provides
a corporate insolvency resolution process that can be initiated by creditors, subject to certain conditions and minimum thresholds

Regulations Relating to Sale
of Assets to Asset Reconstruction Companies

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
to banks on the process to be followed for sale of financial assets to asset reconstruction companies in the Master Direction on Transfer
of Loan Exposures. These guidelines provide that a bank may sell financial assets to an asset reconstruction company provided the asset
is a non-performing asset.

Banks may also invest in security receipts or
pass-through certificates issued by the asset reconstruction company or trusts set up by it to acquire the financial assets. The Reserve
Bank of India has also issued guidelines governing the affairs of asset reconstruction companies.

Framework for Fraud Risk Management including
Early Warning Signal and Red Flag Accounts

In July 2024, the Reserve Bank of India
issued the Master Directions on Fraud Risk Management requiring a bank to have a fraud risk management policy. This policy must be
approved by the bank’s board and delineates the roles and responsibilities of a board, its committees or senior management. A
bank must have a framework for early warning signals and red flagging of accounts under the overall fraud risk management policy
approved by the board, which shall provide for, among others, a system of robust early warning signals which is integrated with core
banking solution or other operational systems. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Legislative Framework for
Enforcement of Security by Banks for Non-performing Assets/Recovery of Debts due to Banks
” and “
Supervision and
Regulation—Legislative Framework for Enforcement of Security by Banks for Non-performing Assets/Recovery of Debts due to Banks— Resolution of Stressed Assets—The Banking
Regulation (Amendment) Ordinance, 2017
”.

Regulations Relating to the Opening of Branches

The opening and relocation of branches are governed
by the provisions of Section 23 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

Banks may open a banking outlet in Tier 1 to Tier
6 centers without the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, subject to certain financial inclusion requirements. Banks must allocate
25.0% of the total number of new banking outlets opened during a year to unbanked rural centers. A banking outlet is a fixed-point
service delivery unit, manned by either a bank’s staff or its business correspondent, and where services of acceptance of deposits,
withdrawal, or lending services are provided for a minimum of four hours per day for at least five days a week.

205

Table of Contents

Regulations Governing Use of Business Correspondents

To increase the outreach of banking and promote
greater financial inclusion, the Reserve Bank of India allows banks to engage business correspondents for providing banking and financial
services at locations other than a bank branch.

Regulations Relating to Deposits

The Reserve Bank of India permits banks to independently
determine interest rates offered on term deposits. However, banks cannot pay interest on current account deposits. Interest rates payable
on savings deposits are not regulated. However, a uniform interest rate on savings deposits must be paid on deposits up to Rs. 100,000
and differential rates can be paid on deposits of over Rs. 100,000.

Domestic time deposits and rupee-denominated non-resident
ordinary accounts have a minimum maturity of seven days. Rupee-denominated non-resident external rupee accounts have a minimum maturity
of one year and foreign currency denominated for non-resident Indians have a minimum maturity of one year and a maximum maturity of five
years.

Banks are allowed to offer differential rates
of interests on domestic term deposits and for bulk term deposits of Rs. 30 million and above.

The Reserve Bank of India allows banks to offer
early withdrawal facility in a term deposit as a distinguishing feature for offering differential rates of interest. All term deposits
of individuals of Rs. 10 million and below should, necessarily, have premature withdrawal facility. For all other term deposits,
customers should be given the option to choose between term deposits either with or without premature withdrawal facility. Banks will
be required to disclose in advance the schedule of interest rates payable on deposits.

Banks are free to determine the interest rates
on non-resident (external) rupee deposits and ordinary non-resident accounts. However, the interest rates cannot exceed the rate offered
by the bank on comparable domestic rupee deposits.

In 2023, the Reserve Bank of India’s framework
related to green deposits came into effect. The purpose of the framework is to encourage regulated entities to offer green deposits to
customers, protect the interests of the depositors, aid customers to achieve their sustainability agenda, address greenwashing concerns,
and help augment the flow of credit to green activities and projects.

Regulations Relating to Payments

In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India introduced
the Legal Entity Identifier system for single payment transactions of value Rs.500 million and above undertaken by non-individual entities
using centralized payment systems like real time gross settlement (“RTGS”) and national electronic funds transfer (“NEFT”).

In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India also issued
master directions on digital payment security controls, which provide necessary guidelines for the regulated entities to set up a robust
governance structure and implement common minimum standards of security controls for channels like internet, mobile banking, card payments,
among others. This is to create an enhanced environment for customers to use digital payment products in a more safe and secure manner.

Regulation Related to Current Accounts

In 2022, the Reserve Bank of India issued a consolidated
circular on current accounts and CC/OD accounts, setting out conditions for opening such accounts based on borrower exposure. The guidelines
also require banks to flag these accounts in the core banking system and review them at least once every six months to ensure compliance.

Regulations Relating to Customer Service and
Customer Protection

The Reserve Bank of India has issued several guidelines
related to enhancing consumer protection and service:

The Reserve Bank of India has issued a charter
of customer rights, which provides the broad overarching principles for the protection of bank customers. The charter describes five
basic rights of bank customers which are the right to fair treatment, the right to transparency, fair and honest dealing, the right to
suitability, the right to privacy and the right to grievance redress and compensation.

206

Table of Contents

The Reserve Bank of India has issued procedural
guidelines for redressal of grievances by an internal ombudsman.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued directions
to banks related to determining customer liability that arises in an unauthorized electronic banking transaction.

The Reserve Bank of India does not allow REs,
including banks, to deal in virtual currencies or to provide services related thereto, including maintaining accounts, registering, trading,
settling, clearing, giving loans against virtual tokens, accepting them as collateral, opening accounts of exchanges dealing with them
and transfer/receipt of money in accounts relating to purchase/sale of virtual currencies.

Personal Data Protection and Privacy

The Bank has a global presence in several jurisdictions
including Hong Kong, Singapore, the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, China, the Dubai International Financial Centre in the
United Arab Emirates and Bahrain. The Bank is committed to ensuring compliance with applicable laws across these jurisdictions. It has
an integrated and centralized strategy for achieving data privacy compliance across all jurisdictions.

Privacy regulations require the personal data
of customers to be protected throughout its entire life cycle. Accordingly, the Bank has undertaken several comprehensive measures such
as categorizing all personal data and sensitive personal data as ‘Confidential Information’, keeping records of all its processing
activities, entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties who are privy to customers’
personal data and providing customers the option to exercise various rights which they enjoy under applicable data protection regulations
and incident handling procedures.

In August 2023, the Indian Government enacted
the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023, which will require the Central Government to promulgate regulations related to personal
data according to timelines specified in the Act.

Regulations Governing Mobile Banking

The Reserve Bank of India permits Indian banks
to offer mobile banking services to their customers. Transactions involving a debit to the customer’s account should have a two-level
authentication to execute the transaction. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines requiring banks to provide easy registration
for mobile banking services.

Regulations Governing Credit, Debit and Co-branded
Cards

The Reserve Bank of India issued master directions
for the issuance of credit and debit cards. The directions cover the general and conduct regulations relating to credit, debit and co-branded
cards which shall be read along with prudential, payment and technology and cyber security related directions applicable to credit, debit
and co-branded cards.

Regulations Governing Prepaid Payment Instruments

The Reserve Bank of India has issued master directions
on the issuance prepaid payment instruments and operations related to their use. Issuers of such instruments are required to have board-approved
policies related to: the issuance of prepaid instruments, the engagement of agents for the purpose of issuing and reloading prepaid instruments,
co-branding arrangements, gift instruments and related activities.

Deposit Insurance

Demand and time deposits accepted by Indian banks
must be insured with the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of India. The
limit on insurance coverage is Rs. 500,000 for each depositor. Banks are required to pay an insurance premium to the Deposit Insurance
and Credit Guarantee Corporation on a semi-annual basis. The cost of the insurance premium cannot be passed on to the customer.

Inoperative Accounts/The Depositor Education
and Awareness Fund Scheme, 2014—Section 26A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidance requiring banks to transfer
the credit balance in all eligible accounts which are inoperative or unclaimed along with interest accrued to the Depositor Education
and Awareness Fund after ten years. Banks shall undertake at least an annual review in respect of accounts where there is no customer
induced transaction for more than a year.

207

Table of Contents

Borrowings by Banks in India

The Reserve Bank of India has permitted banks
to borrow and lend in call, notice and term money markets as per internal board-approved limits that are within the prescribed prudential
limits for interbank liabilities.

(a)   The Inter-Bank Liabilities of a bank should not exceed 200% of its net worth as on March 31 of the previous year.

(b)   The banks whose CRAR is at least 25% more than the minimum CRAR of (9%) (i.e., 11.25%) as on March 31, of the previous year, are allowed
to have a higher limit up to 300% of the net worth for Inter-Bank Liabilities.

The Reserve Bank of India also allows banks to
borrow funds from their overseas branches and correspondent banks (including borrowings for financing export credit, external commercial
borrowings and overdrafts from their head office/nostro account) up to a limit of 100.0% of unimpaired Tier 1 capital or US$10 million,
whichever is higher.

The Reserve Bank of India permits banks to issue
perpetual instruments that can qualify for inclusion as additional Tier 1 capital and debt capital instruments that can qualify for inclusion
as Tier 2 capital. Banks can also raise funds, by way of rupee-denominated bonds in the overseas market, and long-term bonds for financing
infrastructure and affordable housing projects.

Gold Monetization Scheme and Sovereign Gold
Bonds

The Gold Monetisation Scheme (“GMS”)
is intended to mobilize gold held by households and institutions of the country and facilitate its use for productive purposes, and in
the long run, to reduce the country’s reliance on the import of gold. The minimum deposit at any one time is 10 grams of raw gold.
Medium- and Long-Term Government Deposits (“MLTGD”) under the GMS have been discontinued with effect from March 26, 2025.
Renewal, partial renewal and partial redemption under Medium-Term Gold Deposits and Long-Term Gold Deposits for the legacy cases has also
been discontinued.

Sovereign Gold Bonds (“SGBs”) are
government securities denominated in grams of gold which are issued by the Reserve Bank of India on behalf of the Government of India.
They are substitutes for holding physical gold.

Regulations Relating to KYC and AML

The Prevention of Money Laundering Act (“PMLA”),
2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder seek to prevent and criminalize money laundering and terrorist financing in line with recommendations
made by the Financial Action Task Force. The PMLA requires regulated entities to maintain certain records and report certain transactions
to the Financial Intelligence Unit within the Government of India. It also criminalizes certain offences and provides for certain appointment
of the Designated Director and Principal Officer and their respective obligations under the

The Reserve Bank of India has also issued guidance
related to customer acceptance policy, customer due-diligence procedures, monitoring of transactions risk management, regulatory reporting,
training of employees and independent audit of AML/KYC framework. These directions are updated from time to time.

Regulations Relating to Investments

The Reserve Bank of India requires banks to undertake
investment activities as per the terms and conditions specified in the extant Reserve Bank of India guideline on Classification, Valuation
and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks dated September 12, 2023.

The entire investment portfolio (including statutory liquidity ratio-eligible
securities and non-statutory liquidity ratio securities) is to be classified under three categories: Held-to-Maturity, Available-for-sale
and Fair Value through Profit and Loss. Held for Trading shall be a separate investment subcategory within fair value through profit and
loss. Investments in own subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates will be a separate category. The category of the investment shall
be decided by the bank at the time of acquisition.

Banks shall not reclassify investments between
categories without approval by its board and the Reserve Bank of India.

208

Table of Contents

A bank’s investment in unlisted non-statutory
liquidity ratio securities shall not exceed 10% of its total investment in non-statutory liquidity ratio securities as on March 31 of
the previous year.

The criterion used to classify an asset as a Non-Performing
Asset (“NPA”) shall be used to classify an investment as a Non-Performing Investment (“NPI”) (i.e., an NPI is
one where interest/ instalment, including maturity proceeds is due and remains unpaid for more than 90 days). In the case of equity shares,
in the event the investment in the shares of any company is valued at Re.1 per company on account of the non-availability of the latest
balance sheet, those equity shares shall be classified as NPI.

Investments in Alternative Investment
Funds

The Reserve Bank of India prohibits regulated
entities from making investments in any scheme of an alternative investment funds that has downstream investments either directly or indirectly
in a debtor company of the regulated entity. A debtor company of an regulated entity is any company to which the regulated entity currently
has or previously had a loan or investment exposure anytime during the preceding 12 months.

If an alternative investment funds scheme, in which an regulated
entity is already an investor, makes a downstream investment in any such debtor company, then the regulated entities shall liquidate its
investment in the scheme within 30 days from the date of such downstream investment by the alternative investment funds. In case regulated
entities are not able to liquidate their investments within 30 days, they shall make 100 percent provision on such investments. Provisioning
shall be required only to the extent of investment by the regulated entity in the AIF scheme which is further invested by the alternative
investment funds in the debtor company.

Downstream investments shall exclude investments
in equity shares of the debtor company of the regulated entity, but shall include all other investments, including investment in hybrid
instruments.

Subsidiaries and Other Financial
and Non-Financial Services Investments

Under the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, banks
may only own equity of other companies in certain circumstances and only up to the lower of (1) 30.0% of the paid-up share capital or
(2) 30.0% of its own paid-up share capital and reserves and surplus. The Act also prohibits banks from holding shares of companies in
which any managing director or manager of the bank is in any manner concerned or interested.

Banks are required to obtain prior approval from
the Reserve Bank of India to form a subsidiary. The Reserve Bank of India also requires banks to maintain an “arm’s-length”
relationship with subsidiaries.

The Reserve Bank of India prohibits a bank’s
equity investments in a subsidiary, or a financial services company (including a financial institution, a stock or other exchange or a
depository) which is not a subsidiary, from exceeding 10.0% of the bank’s paid-up share capital and reserves, and the sum total
of all investments made in all subsidiaries and all non-subsidiary financial services companies should not exceed 20.0% of the bank’s
paid-up share capital and reserves.

The aggregate equity investments made in all subsidiaries
and other entities engaged in financial services and non-financial services, including overseas investments shall not exceed 20.0% of
the bank’s paid-up share capital and reserves.

Regulations on Asset Liability Management

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidance
related to liquidity risk management, including guidance related to liquidity risk governance, measurement, monitoring and position reporting
to the Reserve Bank of India.

Stress Testing

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidance
on stress testing, including guidance related to overall objectives, governance, design, and implementation of stress testing programmes.
Banks are required to conduct stress tests which include at least baseline shocks prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India.

209

Table of Contents

Guidelines on Banks’ Asset
Liability Management Framework – Interest Rate Risk

In February 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued
guidance which require banks to submit quarterly disclosures in the prescribed format to the Reserve Bank of India.

Information Technology and Cyber Security

The Reserve Bank of India has issued the Master
Direction on Outsourcing of Information Technology Services. Banks have been extensively leveraging information technology and information
technology enabled services to support their business models, products and services offered to their customers.

The Bank has a risk management framework for outsourcing
of information technology services to comprehensively deal with the processes and responsibilities for identification, measurement, mitigation/
management and reporting of risks associated with outsourcing of information technology services arrangements.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued Master Direction
on Information Technology Governance, Risk, Controls and Assurance Practices. The Master Direction focuses on areas of information technology
governance, information technology infrastructure and service management, information technology and information security risk management,
business continuity and disaster recovery management, and information systems audit.

The Reserve Bank of India’s Cyber Security
Framework in Banks requires banks to put in place a cyber-security policy containing an appropriate approach to combat cyber threats given
the level of complexity of business and acceptable levels of risk.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Technology—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues
and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information,
adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure
”.

Foreign Currency Dealership

The Reserve Bank of India has granted us a full-fledged
authorized dealers’ license to deal in foreign exchange through our designated branches.

Further, banks are permitted to hedge foreign
currency loan exposures of Indian corporations in the form of interest rate swaps, currency swaps and forward rate agreements, subject
to certain conditions.

Our foreign exchange operations are subject to
the guidelines specified by the Reserve Bank of India.

Statutes Governing Foreign Exchange and Cross-Border
Business Transactions

Foreign exchange and cross-border
transactions undertaken by banks are subject to the provisions of FEMA. Banks are required to monitor transactions of customers based
on predefined rules using a risk-based approach which envisages identification of unusual transactions, undertaking due diligence on such
transactions and, if confirmed as suspicious, reporting to the Financial Intelligence Unit of the respective jurisdiction.

The Reserve Bank of India issues guidelines on
External Commercial Borrowings (“ECB”) and Trade Credits from time to time.

The Reserve Bank of India issued revised directions
in January 2024 on facilities for hedging exchange risk by residents and non-residents. According to the directions, derivative products
can be offered to any person resident in India or resident outside India having foreign exchange risk on an anticipated or contracted
basis in line with issued guidelines.

The Reserve Bank of India has permitted non-residents
to undertake transactions in the rupee interest rate derivatives markets for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk or otherwise.

For purposes other than hedging, non-residents
(other than individuals) are permitted to take overnight index swaps transactions directly with market makers in India or by way of back-to-back
arrangements through a foreign branch/parent/group entity of the market maker.

210

Table of Contents

The Reserve Bank of India has issued revised guidelines
for offering over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives. It has prescribed broad principles to be adhered to by market makers with
respect to governance frameworks, introduction of new products, user dealing conduct, pricing and valuation, risk management, internal
control, and internal audit.

In May 2024, the Reserve Bank of India issued
Master Direction – Reserve Bank of India (Margining for Non-Centrally Cleared OTC Derivatives) Directions, 2024 mandating exchange
of Variation Margin and Initial Margin for non-centrally cleared OTC derivatives, thereby enhancing the counterparty risk management.

In May 2025, the Reserve
Bank of India’s (Forward Contracts in Government Securities) Directions came into force, permitting resident market participants
to take long positions in bond forwards and permitting resident and non-resident users to take covered short positions in bond forwards
for the purpose of hedging.

The Reserve Bank of India
issued guideline on Participation of Indian Banks on India International Bullion Exchange IFSC Limited (IIBX) wherein a branch, subsidiary
or joint venture of an Indian bank in GIFT-IFSC is allowed to act as a trading member or is a trading and clearing Member of IIBX, and
Indian banks are authorized to import gold/silver to act as special category client of IIBX.

In January 2025, the
Reserved Bank of India updated its Master Direction on Deposits and Accounts by allowing all permissible current and capital transaction
and allowing exporter to open foreign currency accounts with a bank outside India.

Consolidated Supervision Guidelines

The Reserve Bank of India’s guideline, Reserve
Bank of India (Financial Statements - Presentation and Disclosures) Direction, requires banks to prepare consolidated financial statements
intended for public disclosure.

The Reserve Bank of India’s guideline on
Consolidated Prudential Return requires banks to submit to the Reserve Bank of India consolidated prudential returns reporting their compliance
with various prudential standards on a consolidated basis, excluding insurance subsidiaries and group companies engaged in businesses
not pertaining to financial services.

See also “Selected Statistical Information—Loan
Concentration.”

Moratorium, Reconstruction and Amalgamation
of Banks

The Reserve Bank of India may apply to the Government
of India to suspend the business of a banking company. The Government of India, after considering the application of the Reserve Bank
of India, may order a moratorium staying commencement of action or proceedings against such company for a maximum period of six months.
During such period of moratorium, the Reserve Bank of India may prepare a scheme for the reconstruction of the bank or merger of the bank
with any other bank only if: (a) in the public interest; (b) in the interest of the depositors; (c) in order to secure the proper management
of the bank; or (d) in the interests of the banking system of the country as a whole.

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on amalgamation between private sector banks and between banks and NBFCs, emphasizing the examination of the rationale for the merger,
the systemic benefits arising therefrom and the advantages accruing to the merged entity. With respect to a merger between two private
sector banks, the guidelines require the draft scheme of merger to be approved by the shareholders of both banks with a two-thirds majority
after approval by the boards of directors of the two banks concerned. Under the Banking Regulation Act, the Reserve Bank of India must
value and approve the proposed merger. With respect to a merger of a bank and a nonbanking company, where the non-banking company is proposed
to be amalgamated with the bank, the banking company has to obtain the approval of the Reserve Bank of India after the scheme of amalgamation
is approved by its board and the board of the non-banking finance company, but before it is submitted to the National Company Law Tribunal
for approval as required by the Companies Act, 2013. See also “
—Other Statutes—Competition Act
.”

Other Statutes

Companies Act

Companies in India, including banks, in addition
to the sector-specific statutes and the regulations and guidelines prescribed by the sectoral regulators, are required to comply with
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The

211

Table of Contents

Companies Act, 2013 includes provisions to make independent directors
more accountable, improve corporate governance practices and make corporate social responsibility mandatory for companies above a certain
size and require them to spend a minimum of 2.0% of the average net profits of the preceding three years for corporate social responsibility
initiatives. Any shortfall in this regard must be explained in the annual report. Any excess amount spent over and above the requirement
for that year may be set off against the requirement to spend for succeeding financial years. Any unspent amount in case of an ongoing
project has to be transferred to the Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility Account and spent as stipulated under the Companies Act,
2013 and in other cases transfer such unspent amount to the fund specified under Schedule VII of the Companies Act within the stipulated
period.

Competition Act

The Competition Act, 2002 established the Competition
Commission of India with the objective of promoting competition, preventing unfair trade practices and protecting the interest of consumers. The
Competition Act, 2002 prohibits anti-competitive agreements and abuse of market dominance, and requires the approval of the Competition
Commission for mergers and acquisitions involving companies above a certain size.

Secrecy Obligations

The obligations of banks relating to maintaining
secrecy arise out of common law principles governing relationships with customers. Banks cannot disclose any information to third
parties except under clearly defined circumstances. The following are the exceptions to this general rule:

·   where disclosure is required to be made under any law;

·   where there is an obligation to disclose to the public;

·   where we need to disclose information in its interest; and

·   where disclosure is made with the express or implied consent of the customer.

Banks are also required to disclose information
if ordered to do so by a court. The Reserve Bank of India may, in the public interest, publish the information obtained from the Bank.
Under the provisions of the Banker’s Books Evidence Act, a copy of any entry in a bankers’ book, such as ledgers, day books,
cash books and account books certified by an officer of the bank may be entered as evidence of the transaction in any legal proceeding.

Regulations and Guidelines of the Securities
and Exchange Board of India

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”)
was established to protect the interests of investors in securities and to promote the development of and to regulate Indian securities
markets. We and our subsidiaries and affiliates are subject to SEBI’s regulations for public capital issuances, private placements
as well as underwriting, custodian, designated depository participant, merchant banker, depository participant, investment advisory, private
equity, trading member, clearing member, asset management, portfolio management, banker to the issue, research analyst and debenture trusteeship
activities. These regulations provide for the registration of the Bank and certain subsidiaries and affiliates, as appropriate, with SEBI
for each of these activities, functions and responsibilities. We and our subsidiaries are required to adhere to codes of conduct applicable
to these activities.

Income Tax Benefits

As a banking company, the Bank is entitled to
certain tax benefits under the Indian Income Tax Act. We are allowed a deduction of up to 20.0% of the profits derived from the business
of providing long-term finance (defined as loans and advances extended for a period of not less than five years) for industrial or agricultural
development, development of infrastructure facility in India or development of housing in India, computed in the manner specified under
the Indian Income Tax Act and carried to a Special Reserve Account. The deduction is allowed for each financial year subject to the aggregate
of the amounts transferred to the Special Reserve Account for this purpose during the financial year not exceeding twice our paid-up share
capital and general reserves. The amount withdrawn from such a Special Reserve Account would be chargeable to income tax in the year of
withdrawal, in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Income Tax Act. In accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank
of India in December 2013, banks are required to create deferred tax liability on the special reserve on a prudent basis. The deferred
tax liability is permitted to be charged through the profit and loss account. In India, while computing taxable income, provision on non-performing

212

Table of Contents

loans is allowed as a deduction from income only up to 8.5% of the
total income and 10.0% of the aggregate average advances made by the rural branches of the bank. The balance of the provisions, which
comprises a significant majority of the provision, is allowed as a deduction from the taxable income at the time of write-off of the loans.

Regulations Governing Insurance Companies

The Insurance (Amendment) Act, 2021, was passed
by the Indian Parliament and notified in 2021. The Act, among other things, raised the foreign investment limit in the insurance sector
from 49.0% to a composite limit of 74.0%.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, our subsidiary/associate and affiliate offering life insurance and general insurance
products, respectively, are subject to the provisions of the Insurance Act, 1938 and subsequent rules and amendments notified, and the
various regulations prescribed by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (“IRDAI” or “Authority”).
These regulate and govern, among other things, registration as an insurance company, investment, solvency margin requirements, licensing/
registration of insurance agents and other insurance intermediaries, advertising, sale and distribution of insurance products and services
and protection of policyholders’ interests.

Regulations Governing Mutual Funds

ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited
(the “AMC”), our asset management subsidiary, is regulated by SEBI for its asset management activity. The AMC is primarily
governed by SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996, SEBI (Portfolio Managers) Regulations, 2020 and SEBI (Alternative Investment Funds)
Regulations 2012 and circulars issued under the respective regulations. These regulations, among other things, provides for the requirements
of registration, restrictions on business activities of asset management companies, process/requirements for launching funds/portfolios,
requirements for valuation policies and disclosures and reporting requirements. Further, the respective regulations provide for investment
restrictions applicable to the funds/portfolios.

Regulations Governing International Operations

Our international operations are governed by regulations
in the countries in which we have a presence. Further, the Reserve Bank of India has notified that foreign branches/foreign subsidiaries
of Indian banks/AIFIs can deal in financial products, including structured financial products, which are not available or are not permitted
in India without prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, subject to compliance with certain conditions.

Overseas Banking Subsidiaries

Our wholly owned subsidiary in the United Kingdom,
ICICI Bank UK, is authorized and regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. Our subsidiary
in the United Kingdom has seven branches located in the United Kingdom and one branch in mainland Europe, located in Eschborn, Germany.

Our wholly-owned subsidiary in Canada, ICICI Bank
Canada (a Schedule II Bank in Canada), is regulated by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions. Our subsidiary in Canada
has 10 branches and 2 Customer Service Centers in Halifax and Winnipeg.

Offshore Branches

Our overseas branches in Singapore, Bahrain, Hong
Kong, the Dubai International Financial Centre, China and New York are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, Central Bank
of Bahrain, Hong Kong Monetary Authority, Dubai Financial Services Authority, National Financial Regulatory Administration, Federal Reserve
Board and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency respectively. In addition, we have an Offshore Banking Unit located in the Santacruz
Electronic Exports Promotion Zone, Mumbai and an IFSC Banking Unit at Unit No 408, 4th Floor, Brigade International Financial Centre,
GIFT Multi Services SEZ, Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India which is in the process of complete winding-up.

In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India released a
circular regarding infusion of capital in overseas branches and subsidiaries and retention/repatriation/transfer of profits in these centers
by banks incorporated in India. Under the circular, banks which meet regulatory capital requirements are permitted to engage in capital
infusion or transfer (including retention/repatriation of profits) after receiving board approval and report such activity to the Reserve
Bank of India.

213

Table of Contents

Regulations Governing Banking Units in International
Financial Services Centers in India

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidance
permitting public and private sector banks dealing in foreign exchange to set up one banking unit in each international financial services
center in India. Banks need prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India before opening a banking unit, and this will be treated on par
with a foreign branch of an Indian bank. In 2020, the Government established the International Financial Services Centres Authority (“IFSCA”),
under the International Financial Services Centres Authority Act, 2019, a unified authority for the development and regulation of financial
products, financial services and financial institutions in the International Financial Services Centre (“IFSC”) in India.
The GIFT IFSC is the maiden international financial services center in India. Prior to the establishment of IFSCA, the domestic financial
regulators, namely, RBI, SEBI, PFRDA and IRDAI regulated the business in IFSC. The main objective of the IFSCA is to develop a strong
global connect and focus on the needs of the Indian economy as well as to serve as an international financial platform for the entire
region and the global economy as a whole.

Representative Offices

We have representative offices in various jurisdictions
that are regulated by the respective regulatory authorities.

Foreign Account Tax Compliance
Act

The Government of India entered into a Model 1
inter-governmental agreement with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with the United States. ICICI Bank is registered with
the Internal Revenue Service in the United States. In addition, the United States has entered into Model 1 inter-governmental agreements
with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates,
Bahrain and reached a similar agreement in substance with China, Malaysia and Indonesia, and a Model 2 inter-governmental agreement with
respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with Hong Kong. ICICI Bank has taken measures to comply with the terms of applicable
inter-governmental agreements with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and any regulations issued thereunder.

Common Reporting Standards

The Common Reporting Standard formally referred
to as the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information, is an information standard for the automatic exchange of information,
developed in the context of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. In India requirements under the Foreign Account
Tax Compliance Act/Common Reporting Standard are implemented by the Central Board of Direct Taxes. The common reporting standard has been
adopted by the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, China, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain.

214

Table of Contents

Exchange Controls

Restrictions on Conversion of Rupees

There are restrictions on
the conversion of rupees into dollars. The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 has substantially eased the restrictions on current account
transactions, with a few exceptions. However, the Reserve Bank of India continues to exercise control over capital account transactions
(i.e., those which alter the assets or liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of persons).

Issuance of Depositary receipts, Restrictions
on Sale of the Equity Shares underlying ADSs and Repatriation of Sale Proceeds

The Securities
and Exchange Board of India, via circular dated October 10, 2019, has provided a framework for the issuance of depositary receipts. As
per the circular, only a company incorporated in India and listed on a recognized stock exchange in India may issue permissible securities
or their holders may transfer permissible securities, for the purpose of issuing depositary receipts subject to compliance with the eligibility
criteria defined by SEBI. SEBI has further issued operational guidelines dated October 1, 2020, for monitoring foreign holdings in depositary
receipts. Pursuant to the operational guidelines, every listed company shall appoint one Indian depository as the designated depository
for the purposes of monitoring such limits. Subsequently, SEBI issued a circular dated December 18, 2020, according to which non-resident
Indians shall neither subscribe to any further issue nor make any further acquisition of depositary receipts except issue of depositary
receipts to non-resident Indians pursuant to share based employee benefit schemes or pursuant to bonus issue or rights issue. The Listed
Company has the obligation to identify the non-resident Indian holders who are issued depositary receipts in terms of employee benefit
scheme and provide such information to the designated depository for monitoring limits. There are no end-use restrictions on American
Depositary Receipt issue proceeds except for the real estate sector and stock markets, in which investment of ADR issue proceeds is prohibited.

An ADR holder is entitled
to hold or transfer ADRs or redeem them into underlying ordinary shares with the option to continue holding ordinary shares. ADR holders
have the same rights in respect of bonus and rights issues as any ordinary shareholder of the company.

ADSs issued by Indian companies
to non-residents have free convertibility outside India. Under current Indian laws there is a general permission for the sale or transfer
of equity shares underlying ADSs obtained after conversion of ADRs by a person not resident in India to a resident of India if the sale
is proposed to be made through a recognized stock exchange or when the underlying shares are being sold in terms of an offer made under
Securities Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011. For all other cases of sale of
shares underlying the ADRs, permission of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

If a sale of securities has
taken place in terms of the rules laid down by the government, Reserve Bank of India guidelines and other applicable regulations, the
sale proceeds may be freely remitted as long as (i) the securities were held on repatriation basis, (ii) either the securities has been
sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India or the Reserve Bank of India’s approval has been
obtained in other cases and (iii) a no objection or tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority has been obtained.

The issuance of fresh depositary
receipts and any changes or modifications in the existing terms and conditions of ADR/GDR should be in accordance with DR Scheme, 2014,
and the SEBI Framework for issue of Depository Receipts, 2019 or/and be subject to approval or clarification from the Reserve Bank of
India or the SEBI.

Investment in depositary
receipts by a person resident outside India should be in terms of schedule IX of the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments)
Rules, 2019 dated October 17, 2019, as amended from time to time.

215

Table of Contents

Restriction on
Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities

The Government of India strictly regulates ownership
of Indian companies by foreigners. Foreign investment in securities issued by Indian companies, including the equity shares represented
by ADSs, is governed by the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, and rules and regulations thereunder, as amended from time to time
(“Act”). The Act authorizes the Reserve Bank of India to impose restrictions on inflow or outflow of foreign exchange and
provides that certain transactions cannot be carried out without the general or special permission of the Reserve Bank of India or relevant
departments of the Government of India. The Act has eased restrictions on current account transactions. However, the Reserve Bank of India
continues to exercise control over capital account transactions (i.e., those which alter the assets or liabilities, including contingent
liabilities, of persons). The Government has laid down rules and the Reserve Bank of India has issued regulations under the Foreign Exchange
Management Act, 1999 to regulate the various kinds of capital account transactions, including certain aspects of the purchase and issuance
of shares of Indian companies.

The issue or transfer of any security of an Indian
company by a person resident outside of India, foreign investment in equity instruments (equity shares, compulsorily convertible debentures,
compulsorily convertible preference shares and share warrants) as well as issuance of rupee denominated shares for issuing ADSs, are all
governed by applicable rules and regulations issued under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, the Depository Receipts Scheme 2014
and by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, and may be made only in accordance with the terms and conditions specified under such
rules and regulations.

The foreign investment limit in Indian companies
includes, in addition to foreign direct investments, investment by Foreign Portfolio Investors, Non-Resident Indians, Foreign Currency
Convertible Bonds, American Depository Receipts, Global Depository Receipts and convertible preference shares held by foreign entities.

The Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments)
Rules, 2019, as amended (“Rules”) provide for, among other things, the following restrictions on foreign ownership for private
sector banks:

·   Foreign investors (including indirect foreign investment made by foreign portfolio investors) may own up to 74.0% of the equity share
capital of a private sector bank in India subject to rules and regulations issued by the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India
from time to time. While foreign investment up to 49.0% in private sector banks does not require any specific approval, foreign investment
beyond 49.0% and up to 74.0% requires prior approval of the Government of India, unless such investments are otherwise exempted from the
requirement for approval. Investments by foreign investors exempted from the requirement for Government of India approval include aggregate
foreign portfolio investment (as defined in the Rules) up to 49.0% of the paid-up capital on a fully diluted basis or a sectoral cap (whichever
is lower) that does not result in the transfer of ownership or control of the resident Indian company from resident Indian citizens or
transfer of ownership or control to persons resident outside India, and other investments by a person resident outside India shall be
subject to the conditions of Government approval and compliance of sectoral conditions as laid down in the Rules. The Rules allow Indian
companies to freely issue rights and bonus shares to existing non-resident shareholders, subject to adherence to sectoral cap and fulfilling
certain conditions laid out in the applicable laws and statute. The aggregate foreign investment limit of 74.0% includes investments by
way of foreign direct investments, ADSs/Global Depositary Receipts (Depository Receipts), Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (mandatorily
and compulsorily convertible) and investment under the Portfolio Investment Scheme by foreign portfolio investors and non-resident Indians/Overseas
Citizens of India, and also includes shares acquired by subscription to private placements and public offerings and acquisition of shares
from existing shareholders. At least 26.0% of the paid-up capital would have to be held by Indian residents at all times, except in regard
to a wholly owned subsidiary of a foreign bank.

·   Additionally, in the case of proposals requiring prior approval of the Government of India, those proposals involving total foreign
equity inflow of more than Rs. 50.0 billion, shall require approval of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.

·   An individual non-resident Indian’s holding is restricted to 5.0% of the total paid-up share capital both on repatriation and
non-repatriation basis and the aggregate limit of investment by all non-resident Indians cannot exceed 10.0% of the total paid up capital
both on repatriation and non-repatriation basis. However, non-resident Indian holdings can be allowed up to 24.0% of the total paid-up
capital, both on repatriation and non-repatriation basis, subject to a special resolution to this effect passed by the shareholders of
the bank.

216

Table of Contents

·   Aggregate holding by a person along with his relatives, associate enterprises and persons acting in concert with him, whether directly
or indirectly, beneficial or otherwise, of shares or voting rights, of 5% or more of the paid-up share capital or voting rights (“major
shareholding”) in a banking company shall require prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India pursuant to Reserve Bank of India
(Acquisition and Holding of Shares or Voting Rights in Banking Companies) Directions dated January 16, 2023. The persons from Financial
Action Task Force non-compliant jurisdictions shall not be permitted to acquire major shareholding in a banking company. However, existing
major shareholding by persons from Financial Action Task Force non-compliant jurisdiction shall be continued, provided that there shall
not be any further acquisition without prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. If aggregate holding of a person falls below 5%, fresh
Reserve Bank of India approval will be required for raising it again to 5% or above. Additionally, the ceiling on voting rights for a
single shareholder is 26.0% of the total voting rights of all shareholders of the bank. In addition, a depository may exercise voting
rights on behalf of a DR holder subject to the DR holder demonstrating compliance of Section 12B of Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

·   A permissible holder may purchase or sell equity shares of a public Indian company which is listed or to be listed on an International
Exchange under Direct Listing of Equity Shares of Companies Incorporated in India on International Exchanges Scheme.

Under the Portfolio Investment Scheme:

i.   Foreign portfolio investors, as referred in Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019,
may hold share capital up to sectoral cap applicable to such Indian company. However, an Indian company may, with the resolution of its
Board of Directors and a special resolution: (i) decrease the aggregate limit before March 31, 2020 to a lower threshold of 24.0% or 49.0%
or 74.0% or (ii) increase the aggregate limit to 49.0% or 74.0% or the sectoral cap or any statutory ceiling. However, once the aggregate
limit is increased, the limit cannot be reduced later. No single foreign portfolio investor may own 10.0% or more of total paid-up equity
capital on a fully diluted basis on behalf of itself or it’s investor group.

ii.   Overseas corporate bodies are not permitted to invest under the Portfolio Investment Scheme, although they may continue to hold investments
that have already been made under the Portfolio Investment Scheme until such time as these investments are sold on the stock exchange.
Overseas corporate bodies are derecognized as a class of investor entity by the Reserve Bank of India under various routes and schemes
under the foreign exchange rules and regulations.

Foreign Portfolio Investment Scheme – Purchase of shares or
convertible debentures or warrants

The Securities and Exchange Board of India issued
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, as amended from time to time. Under the foreign
portfolio investment regime, foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors were merged into a new investor
class called as foreign portfolio investors. A foreign portfolio investor registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India can
purchase shares or convertible debentures or warrants of an Indian company. The total holding by each foreign portfolio investor or its
investor group shall be less than 10.0% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or less than 10.0% of the paid-up
value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company. If the total investment exceeds
the aforementioned threshold limit, the foreign portfolio investor shall divest the excess holding within five trading days from the date
of settlement of the trades resulting in the breach. In the event of failure to do so, the entire investment in the company by such foreign
portfolio investors including its investor group shall be considered as Foreign Direct Investment and the foreign portfolio investor and
its investor group shall not make further portfolio investment in that company. The clubbing of investment limit of foreign portfolio
investors is based on common ultimate beneficial ownership. Except for the exemptions provided in these regulations, multiple entities
registered as foreign portfolio investors and directly or indirectly, having common ownership of more than 50.0% or common control, shall
be treated as part of the same investor group and the investment limits of all such entities shall be clubbed at the investment limit
as applicable to a single foreign portfolio investor.

217

Table of Contents

Transfer of equity instruments by a person resident outside India

A person resident outside India (other than a
non-resident Indian/overseas citizen of India or a former overseas corporate body) may transfer by way of sale or gift the equity instruments
of an Indian company or units held by him or it to any person resident outside India provided that:

i.   prior government approval shall be obtained for any transfer in case the company is engaged in a sector which requires government
approval; and

ii.   where the equity instruments are held by the person resident outside India on a non-repatriable basis, the transfer by way of sale
where the transferee intends to hold the equity instruments on a repatriable basis, shall be in compliance with and subject to the adherence
to entry routes, sectoral caps or investment limits, as specified in Rules and attendant conditionalities for such investment, pricing
guidelines, documentation and reporting requirements for such transfers, as may be specified by the Reserve Bank of India from time to
time.

A person resident outside India holding equity
instruments of an Indian company or units:

i.   may transfer the same to a person resident in India by way of gift;

ii.   may sell the same to a person resident in India on a recognized stock exchange in India through a registered broker in the manner
prescribed by Securities and Exchange Board of India; or

iii.   may sell the same to a person resident in India, subject to the adherence to pricing guidelines, documentation and reporting requirements
for such transfers as may be specified by the Reserve Bank of India in consultation with the Government from time to time.

The Reserve Bank of India guidelines relating
to acquisition by purchase or otherwise of shares or voting rights of a banking company, if such acquisition results in any person owning
or controlling 5.0% or more of the paid-up share capital or voting rights of the banking company, are also applicable to foreign investment,
whether directly or indirectly, beneficial or otherwise. For more details on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines relating to acquisition
and holding of shares or voting rights in banking companies, see “
Supervision and Regulation—Ownership Restrictions
”.

Reporting of foreign investments

The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
on reporting of foreign investments with the objective of integrating different reporting structures for foreign investments in India.
As per the guidelines, a Single Master Form must be filed online. The Single Master Form, as amended from time to time, provides a facility
for reporting total foreign investments in an Indian entity as well as investments by persons residing outside India in an investment
vehicle.

Indian entities not complying with this pre-requisite
will not be able to receive foreign investments (including indirect foreign investments) and will be deemed non-compliant under Foreign
Exchange Management Act, 1999 and regulations made thereunder, as amended from time to time.

All the reporting prescribed under “Foreign
Investment in India”, except if specifically stated otherwise, is required to be done through the Single Master Form, as amended
from time to time, available on the Foreign Investment Reporting and Management System platform of the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve
Bank of India through its circular dated January 4, 2023, advised that the forms submitted with respect to reporting of foreign investment
in Single Master Form on Firms Portal will be auto-acknowledged and the Authorised Dealer Category-I banks shall verify the same within
five working days based on the uploaded documents, as specified. Further, in case of forms filed with delayed reporting of less than or
equal to three years, the Authorised Dealer Category-I banks will approve the same, subject to payment of late submission fee. For delayed
reporting greater than three years, the Authorised Dealer Category-I bank will approve the forms subject to compounding of contravention.
Under the erstwhile provisions, in case of delayed reporting, the case was supposed to be referred to Reserve Bank of India, whereas basis
the recent amendment, powers have been given to Authorised Dealer to approve delayed reporting subject to payment of late submission fees/compounding,
as the case may be.

Currently, an Indian entity or an investment vehicle
making a downstream investment in another Indian entity which is considered as indirect foreign investment for the investee Indian entity
in terms of Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instrument) Rules, 2019, shall notify the Secretariat for Industrial Assistance, DPIIT,
about such investment

218

Table of Contents

(including modality of investment in new/existing ventures) within
30 days of such investment, even if equity instruments have not been allotted. Such entity or investment vehicle shall also file Form
DI with the Reserve Bank of India within 30 days from the date of allotment of equity instruments.

Issue of ADSs

Indian companies are permitted to raise foreign
currency resources through the issuance of shares represented by ADSs to foreign investors under the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014,
as amended from time to time. Such issuance is subject to sectoral cap, entry route, minimum capitalization norms, pricing norms, among
other things, as applicable as per the rules and regulations established by the Government of India and/or Reserve Bank of India from
time to time in this regard.

An Indian company issuing ADSs must comply with
certain reporting requirements specified by the Reserve Bank of India. An Indian company may issue ADSs if it is eligible to issue shares
to persons resident outside India under the foreign direct investment scheme, and shall not exceed the limit on foreign holding of such
eligible securities under the extant Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules made thereunder, as amended from time to time.
Similarly, an Indian company which is not eligible to raise funds from the Indian capital markets, including a company which has been
restricted from accessing the securities market by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, will not be eligible to issue ADSs. As
per the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, if the issue or purchase of permissible securities underlying the depository receipts does not
require approval under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, no Government of India approval will be required for issuance, purchase
or holding of such depository receipts. Overseas corporate bodies as defined under applicable rules, which are not eligible to invest
in India and entities prohibited to buy, sell or deal in securities by the Securities and Exchange Board of India are not eligible to
subscribe to ADSs issued by Indian companies.

For transfer of ADSs, investors may need to seek
specific approval from Government of India on a case-by-case basis. However, Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any investor were to withdraw
its equity shares from the ADS program, its investment would be subject to the general restrictions on foreign ownership noted above and
may be subject to the portfolio investment restrictions. Secondary purchases of securities of a banking company in India by foreign direct
investors or investments by non-resident Indians, and foreign portfolio investors above the ownership levels set forth above require the
Indian government’s approval on a case-by-case basis. It is unclear whether similar case-by-case approvals of ownership of equity
shares withdrawn from the depositary facility by non-resident Indians, overseas corporate bodies and foreign portfolio investors would
be required.

Furthermore, if an investor withdraws equity shares
from the ADS program and its direct or indirect holding in a private Indian bank is equal to or exceeds 25.0% of its total equity, or
when such holding is or exceeds 25.0% of the total equity and thereafter such investor acquires additional 5.0% equity within any financial
year, such investor may be required to make a public offer for acquiring shares of the remaining shareholders under the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations 2011, as amended from time to time. For more details
on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines relating to acquisition by purchase or otherwise of shares of a private bank, see “
Supervision
and Regulation—Ownership Restrictions
”.

Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014

An eligible person may now, issue or transfer
eligible securities to a foreign depository for the purpose of issuance of depository receipts in terms of Depository Receipts Scheme,
2014, as amended from time to time. However, depository receipts issued under the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary
Shares (Through Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 shall be deemed to have been issued under the corresponding provisions of the
Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014.

219

Table of Contents

Dividends

Under Indian law, a company pays dividends upon
a recommendation by its Board of Directors and approval by a majority of the shareholders at the annual general meeting of shareholders
held within six months from the end of each fiscal year. The shareholders have the right to decrease but not increase the dividend amount
recommended by the Board of Directors. Dividends may be paid out of the company’s profits for the fiscal year for which the dividend
is declared or out of undistributed profits of prior fiscal years, after excluding amount representing unrealized gains, notional gains
or revaluation of assets and any change in carrying amount of an asset or of a liability on measurement of the asset or the liability
at fair value. Dividends can also be paid by a company in the interim period, termed “interim dividend” which does not require
the approval of the shareholders unless it is combined with the final dividend being recommended by the Board of Directors. The Reserve
Bank of India has stipulated that banks may declare and pay dividend out of the profits from the relevant accounting period, without prior
approval of the Reserve Bank of India if they satisfy the minimum prudential requirements and subject to the prudential cap on dividend
payout ratio prescribed in the guidelines issued in this regard by the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Restrictions
on Payment of Dividends
”. Equity shares issued by us are pari passu in all respects including dividend entitlement.

We have paid dividends consistently every year
from fiscal 1996, the second year of our operations, other than for fiscal 2020, as the Board of Directors did not recommend any dividend
in view of the Reserve Bank of India circular ‘Declaration of dividends by banks (Revised)’ dated April 17, 2020, directing
banks not to make any dividend payouts from the profits pertaining to fiscal 2020, with the intent that banks conserve capital to retain
their capacity to support the economy and absorb losses in an environment of heightened uncertainty caused by COVID-19.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the dividend per equity share and the total amount of dividends paid out on the equity shares during the fiscal year by ICICI
Bank, each exclusive of dividend tax. This may be different from the dividend declared for the year.

Dividend per equity share   Total
amount of dividend paid
(in Rs.)   (Rs. in billion)
Dividend paid during the fiscal year
2021   Nil   Nil
2022   2.00   13.9
2023   5.00   34.8
2024   8.00   56.0
2025   10.00   70.4

From fiscal 2021, dividend income is taxable in
the hands of shareholders and companies are not liable to pay dividend distribution tax on distributed profits.

For fiscal 2025, the Board of Directors has proposed
a dividend, of Rs. 11.00 per equity share, which will be paid during fiscal 2026 after approval by the shareholders in the forthcoming
annual general meeting.

Future dividends will depend upon our revenues,
cash flow, financial condition, the regulations of the Reserve Bank of India and other factors. Owners of ADSs will be entitled to receive
dividends payable in respect of the equity shares represented by such ADSs. The equity shares represented by ADSs rank pari passu with
existing equity shares. At present, we have equity shares issued in India and equity shares represented by ADSs.

220

Table of Contents

Taxation

Indian Tax

The following discussion of material Indian tax
consequences to investors in ADSs and equity shares who are not resident in India, regardless of whether such investors are of Indian
origin or not (each, a “non-resident investor”), is based on the provisions of the Indian Income-tax Act, 1961 (the Income
Tax Act), including the special tax regime for ADSs contained in section 115AC of the Income Tax Act, which has been extended to cover
additional ADSs that an investor may acquire in a merger or restructuring of the company, and certain regulations implementing the section
115AC regime. The Income-tax Act is amended every year by the Finance Act of the relevant year. Some or all of the tax consequences described
herein may be amended or modified by future amendments to the Income-tax Act. This summary is not intended to constitute a complete analysis
of the tax consequences under Indian law of the acquisition, ownership and sale of ADSs and equity shares by non-resident investors. Holders
should, therefore, consult their own tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of such acquisition, ownership and sale, including the
tax consequences under Indian law, the law of the jurisdiction of their residence, any tax treaty between India and their country of residence,
and in particular the application of the regulations implementing the section 115AC regime.

Residence

For the purposes of the Income-tax Act, an individual
is a resident of India during any fiscal year if such individual:

(a)   is in India in that year for 182 days or more or

(b)   is in India for a period or periods aggregating 365 days or more during the four years preceding that fiscal year and periods aggregating
60 days or more in that fiscal year.

The period of 60 days is replaced with 182 days
(where an individual is having income in India other than foreign source less than Rs. 1.5 million)/replaced with 120 days (where an individual
is having income in India other than foreign source more than Rs. 1.5 million) in the case of an Indian citizen or person of Indian origin
who, being resident outside India, comes on a visit to India during the fiscal year.

The period of 60 days is replaced with 182 days
in the case of:

·   an Indian citizen who leaves India for purposes of employment or

·   as a member of the crew of an Indian ship during the fiscal year.

A company is resident in India in any fiscal year
if it is an Indian company or its place of effective management in that year is in India. A firm or other association of persons is resident
in India except where the control and the management of its affairs are situated wholly outside India.

Taxation of Distributions

As per provision of the income tax laws, dividend
received in respect of ADS will be taxable at the rate of 10% and payer of the dividend would be required to deduct tax at the rate of
10%.

Taxation on Exchange of ADSs

The receipt of equity shares upon the surrender
of ADSs by a non-resident investor would not give rise to a taxable event for Indian tax purposes.

Taxation on Sale of ADSs or Equity Shares

Any transfer of ADSs outside India by a non-resident
investor to another non-resident investor will not give rise to Indian capital gains tax in the hands of the transferor. Gains on the
transfer of ADSs by Foreign Institutional Investors to an Indian resident will be subject to capital gains tax.

Subject to any relief under any relevant double
taxation treaty, gain arising from the sale of an equity share will generally give rise to liability for Indian income tax in the hands
of the transferor and tax will be required to be withheld at source. Gains will either be taxable as capital gains or as business income,
depending upon the nature of holding.

221

Table of Contents

Where the equity share has been held for more than 12 months (measured
from the date on which the request for redemption of the ADS was made), the resulting long-term capital gains will be taxable as per the
provision of the Income Tax Act, at the rate of 10% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess) where the transfer took place before
July 23, 2024 and at the rate of 12.5% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess) where the transfer took place on or after July
23, 2024 under the provision of the Income Tax Act, if the total long-term capital gain exceeds Rs. 0.1 million and the shares are traded
on a recognized stock exchange and the securities transaction tax, described below, is paid on such sale and purchase. For computing capital
gains relating to the acquisition made before February 1, 2018, the cost of acquisition shall be higher of actual cost of acquisition
or lower of price of equity shares quoted on stock exchange on January 31, 2018 (if no trading then immediately preceding day) or sale
price. Further, an additional requirement for payment of securities transaction tax on conversion of ADSs to equity shares has been relaxed
subject to certain conditions. If the equity share has been held for 12 months or less, the resulting short-term capital gains will be
taxable at a tax rate of 15% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess) where the transfer took place before July 23, 2024 and
at the rate of 20% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess) where the transfer took place on or after July 23, 2024. This rate
of tax is applicable provided the gains are treated as capital gains and provided the shares are sold on recognized Indian stock exchanges
and are subject to securities transaction tax. In other cases, the rate of tax applicable under the provisions of the Income-tax Act varies,
subject to a maximum rate of 35% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess). The actual rate depends on a number of factors, including
without limitation the nature of the non-resident investor.

The above rate may be reduced under the provisions
of the double taxation treaty entered into by the Government of India with the country of residence of the non-resident investors. The
double taxation treaty between the United States and India (the “Treaty”) does not provide U.S. residents with any relief
from Indian tax on capital gains i.e. it will be taxable as per the local laws of India.

Tax on long-term and short-term capital gains, if payable,
as discussed above, upon a sale of equity shares,

(a)   To be deducted at source by the person responsible for paying the non-resident, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the
Income Tax Act. As per the provisions of the Income Tax Act, any income by way of capital gains payable to non-residents may be subject
to withholding of tax at the rate under the Income Tax Act or the double taxation treaty, whichever is more beneficial to the assessee,
unless a lower withholding tax certificate is obtained from the tax authorities.

(b)   To get the benefit of the applicable double taxation treaty, the non-resident investor must furnish a certificate of his or her residence
in a country outside India and such other documents as may be prescribed under the Act such as valid Permanent Account Number issued by
the Indian Income Tax authorities or tax identification number issued by the Income Tax authorities country of tax residence along with
certain other details such as name, e-mail ID, contact number, address etc.

Where Permanent Account Number is submitted, it should be
linked to Aadhaar (applicable in case of individuals if Aadhaar is obtained in India) and investor should have filed his income tax returns
in India in past one year, otherwise tax will be deducted at the higher rate which may go up to 20% or more. Further, provisions related
to higher rate of tax deducted at source for income tax return non filer for past one year has been abolished with effect from April 01,
2025 as per amendment made in Finance Act, 2025.

(c)   The non-resident will be entitled to a certificate evidencing such tax deduction in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax
Act.

(d)   However, as per provisions of the Income Tax Act, no deduction of tax shall be made from capital gain arising from transfer of securities,
payable to a Foreign Institutional Investor.

For purposes of determining the amount of capital
gains arising on a sale of an equity share for Indian tax purposes, the cost of acquisition of an equity share received upon the surrender
of an ADS will be the price of the share prevailing on the BSE Limited or the National Stock Exchange of India Limited on the date a request
for such redemption was made. The holding period of an equity share received upon the surrender of an ADS will commence on the date on
which request for such redemption of the ADS was made.

A sale/purchase of equity shares entered into
on a recognized stock exchange in India, whether settled by actual delivery or transfer, will be subject to the securities transaction
tax in the hands of purchaser and seller at the rate of 0.1% on the value of the transaction at the time of sale. However, when settlement
is done other than by actual delivery

222

Table of Contents

or transfer, it will be subject to the securities transaction tax in
the hands of seller at the rate of 0.025% on the value of the transaction at the time of sale.

Rights

Distributions to non-resident investors of additional
ADSs or equity shares or rights to subscribe for equity shares made with respect to ADSs or equity shares are not subject to Indian income
tax in the hands of the non-resident investor.

In case of capital gains derived from the extinguishment
of rights outside India by a non-resident investor that is not entitled to exemption under a tax treaty, to another non-resident investor,
the sale may be deemed by the Indian tax authorities to be situated within India (as our situs is in India), in which case, any gains
realized on the sale of the rights will be subject to Indian capital gains taxation, in the manner discussed above under
“—Taxation
on Sale of ADSs or Equity Shares”
.

Bonus

The holding period in case of bonus shares will
commence from the date of allotment of such bonus shares. The cost of acquisition of bonus shares acquired before January 31, 2018 will
be the fair market value of the bonus shares as on January 31, 2018 but shall not exceed the sales price. The cost of acquisition of bonus
shares acquired after January 31, 2018 will be considered as nil.

General Anti Avoidance Rule

The powers to invoke provisions under General
Anti Avoidance of Tax are bestowed upon the Indian Income Tax Authorities if they allege that the primary motive of a particular transaction
or arrangement is to obtain a tax advantage. If provisions under General Anti Avoidance of Tax are invoked by tax authorities, then a
tax benefit or benefit under the tax treaty may be denied.

Stamp Duty

Pursuant to an amendment to the Indian Stamp Act,
1899 effective July 1, 2020, stamp duty is payable on any issue/ transfer of equity shares in non-physical form. Our equity shares are
compulsorily delivered in non-physical form.

Upon the issuance of the equity shares underlying
ADSs, we, are required to pay a stamp duty of 0.005% of the total market value of the equity shares issued. A transfer of ADSs is not
subject to stamp duty under Indian law. However, transfer of equity shares (on delivery basis) by a non-resident investor is subject to
stamp duty at the rate of 0.015% of the market value of the equity shares on the trade date. Such stamp duty is payable, (i) by the buyer
in case the transfer of equity shares is through a stock exchange and (ii) by the seller in case the transfer of equity shares is other
than through a stock exchange or is through a depository or is other than through a depository.

Other Taxes

At present, there are no taxes on wealth, gifts
or inheritance which apply to the ADSs or underlying equity shares.

Goods and Services Tax

Goods and Services Tax is a single comprehensive
tax levied on the manufacture, sale and consumption of goods and services at a national level. It is applicable from July 1, 2017 on all
transactions of goods and services on which various indirect taxes levied by the Centre and States is submersed except goods and services
outside the purview of Goods and Services Tax and transactions below the threshold limit. Brokerage fees paid to stockbrokers in connection
with the sale or purchase of shares which are listed on any recognized stock exchange in India are subject to Goods and Services Tax at
a rate of 18%. The stockbroker is responsible for collecting the Goods and Services Tax and paying it to the relevant authority. Sale
of the securities including ADS and equity shares is outside the purview of Goods and Services Tax.

United States Federal Income Tax

The following is a description of material U.S.
federal income tax consequences to the U.S. Holders described below of owning and disposing of ADSs or equity shares, but it does not
purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax

223

Table of Contents

considerations that may be relevant to your decision to own ADSs or
equity shares. This discussion applies to you only if you are a U.S. Holder that owns ADSs or equity shares as capital assets for U.S.
federal income tax purposes.

This discussion does not discuss all of the tax
consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, including alternative minimum tax consequences, tax
consequences of the “Medicare contribution tax” on “net investment income” and tax consequences that may be applicable
to you if you are a person subject to special rules, such as:

·   an insurance company;

·   a tax-exempt entity;

·   a dealer or trader in securities who uses a mark-to-market method of tax accounting;

·   one of certain financial institutions;

·   a person who owns ADSs or equity shares as part of an integrated investment (including a straddle or conversion transaction);

·   a person whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;

·   a person who acquired or received ADSs or equity shares pursuant to the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise as compensation;

·   a person holding ADSs or equity shares in connection with a trade or business conducted outside of the United States;

·   a person who owns, directly, indirectly or constructively, 10.0% or more of our stock, by vote or value; or

·   a partnership or other entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

If an entity or arrangement that is classified
as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes owns ADSs or equity shares, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will
generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships owning ADSs or equity shares and partners
in such partnerships should consult their tax advisers as to the particular U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning and disposing
of ADSs or equity shares.

This discussion is based on the tax laws of the
United States including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the “Code”), proposed and final Treasury regulations,
revenue rulings, judicial decisions and the income tax treaty between the United States and India, or the “Treaty”, all as
of the date hereof, which may change, possibly with retroactive effect.

You are a “U.S. Holder” if, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, you are a beneficial owner of ADSs or equity shares and:

·   a citizen or individual resident of the United States;

·   a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state therein
or the District of Columbia; or

·   an estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source.

In general, if you own ADSs you will be treated
as the owner of the underlying equity shares represented by those ADSs for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, you will not
recognize gain or loss upon an exchange of ADSs for the underlying equity shares represented by those ADSs.

Please consult your tax adviser with regard to
the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to ADSs or equity shares in your particular circumstances, including the passive foreign
investment company (“PFIC”) rules described below, as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local
or other taxing jurisdiction.

224

Table of Contents

Taxation of Dividends

Distributions you receive on ADSs or equity shares,
other than certain pro rata distributions of equity shares or rights to acquire equity shares to all holders of equity shares (including
holders of ADSs), will generally constitute foreign-source dividend income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Subject to the PFIC rules
described below, the amount of the dividend you will be required to include in income will be based on the U.S. dollar value of the rupees
received, calculated by reference to the exchange rate in effect on the date the payment is received by the depositary (in the case of
ADSs) or by you (in the case of equity shares) regardless of whether the payment is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt.
If the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, you should not be required to recognize foreign currency gain or
loss in respect of the dividend income. You may have foreign currency gain or loss if the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars after
the date of receipt. If you realize gain or loss on a sale or other disposition of rupees, it will constitute U.S. source ordinary income
or loss. The amount of the dividend will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally available to U.S. corporations
under the Code. Subject to applicable limitations and the PFIC discussion below, if you are a non-corporate U.S. Holder, dividends paid
to you may be taxable at the favorable rates applicable to long-term capital gains. If you are a non-corporate U.S. Holder, you should
consult your tax adviser to determine whether you are subject to any special rules that limit your ability to be taxed at these favorable
rates.

Dividend income will include any amounts withheld
in respect of Indian taxes and will be treated as non-U.S. source income. Indian income taxes withheld from cash dividends on the ADSs
or equity shares generally will be creditable against a U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, subject to applicable limitations
that vary depending upon your circumstances. The rules governing foreign tax credits are complex. For example, Treasury regulations provide
that, in the absence of an election to apply the benefits of an applicable income tax treaty, in order for non-U.S. income taxes to be
creditable the relevant non-U.S. income tax rules must be consistent with certain U.S. federal income tax principles, and we have not
determined whether the Indian income tax system meets these requirements. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service has released notices that
provide relief from certain of the provisions of the Treasury regulations described above for taxable years ending before the date that
a notice or other guidance withdrawing or modifying the temporary relief is issued (or any later date specified in such notice or other
guidance). In lieu of claiming a non-U.S. tax credit, U.S. Holders may elect to deduct non-U.S. taxes (including Indian taxes) in computing
their taxable income, subject to applicable limitations. An election to deduct creditable non-U.S. taxes instead of claiming foreign tax
credits applies to all such non-U.S. taxes paid or accrued in the taxable year. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding
the creditability or deductibility of Indian taxes in their particular circumstances.

Taxation of Capital Gains

You will recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal
income tax purposes on the sale or exchange of ADSs or equity shares. The gain or loss will generally be U.S. source capital gain or loss,
and subject to the PFIC rules discussed below will be long-term capital gain or loss if you have owned such ADSs or equity shares for
more than one year. You should consult your tax adviser about the treatment of capital gains, which may be taxed at lower rates than ordinary
income for non-corporate taxpayers, and capital losses, the deductibility of which may be limited. The amount of the gain or loss will
equal the difference between your tax basis in the ADSs or equity shares disposed of and the amount realized on the disposition, in each
case as determined in U.S. dollars.

Under certain circumstances as described above
under “—
Indian Tax
 —
Taxation on sale of ADSs or Equity Shares
,” you may be subject to Indian tax
upon the disposition of equity shares. Under the Code, any gain or loss on the sale or exchange of ADSs or equity shares will generally
be U.S. source. However, although the application of the Treaty in this respect is subject to uncertainty, it is possible that under the
Treaty your gains from dispositions of equity shares may be treated as foreign source. In that case, you may be able to claim foreign
tax credit in respect of any Indian income tax on this gain if you are eligible for Treaty benefits and elect to apply them. If you are
not eligible for Treaty benefits, or if your gain from a disposition of equity shares is not treated as foreign source gain under the
Treaty, Treasury regulations generally preclude you from claiming foreign tax credit with respect to any Indian income tax on such gain.
However, as noted above, the IRS released notices that provide relief from certain of the provisions of these Treasury regulations (including
the limitation described in the preceding sentence) for taxable years ending before the date that a notice or other guidance withdrawing
or modifying the temporary relief is issued (or any later date specified in such notice or other guidance). Even if the Treasury regulations
do not preclude you from claiming foreign tax credit with respect to any Indian income tax on any gain from dispositions of equity shares,
other limitations may limit your ability to claim a foreign tax credit with respect to such tax. It is possible that any Indian tax on
disposition gains that is not credited against your U.S. federal income tax liability may either be deductible or reduce the amount realized
on a

225

Table of Contents

disposition. If the Indian tax is creditable, an election to deduct
it instead of claiming a foreign tax credit with respect thereto applies to all non-U.S. taxes paid or accrued in the taxable year. The
rules governing foreign tax credits and deductibility of foreign taxes are complex. You should consult your tax adviser with respect to
your ability to credit any Indian income taxes on dispositions against your U.S. federal income tax liability, including the uncertainty
as to whether Indian taxes on dispositions are generally creditable under the Treaty, the requirement to report Treaty-based return positions
and the creditability or deductibility of the Indian tax on disposition gains in your particular circumstances (including any applicable
limitations).

Any Indian stamp duty paid or securities transaction
tax on the purchase or sale of equity shares will not be creditable against your U.S. federal income tax liability. However, stamp duty
or securities transaction tax may increase your tax basis in the equity shares if you are a buyer of the shares, or reduce the amount
of gain (or increase the amount of loss) you recognize on the sale or other disposition of the shares.

Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules

In general, a foreign corporation is a PFIC for any taxable year in which (i) 75.0% or more of its gross income consists of passive
income (such as dividends, interest, rents, royalties and investment gains) or (ii) 50.0% or more of the average value of its assets (generally
determined on a quarterly basis) consists of assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. There are certain
exceptions for active business income, including exceptions for certain income earned by foreign active banks and insurance companies.
Based upon certain proposed Treasury regulations (the “Active Banks Proposed Regulations”), which were proposed to be effective
for taxable years beginning after December 31, 1994, and under current guidance can be relied upon, we do not believe we were a PFIC for
our taxable year that ended March 31, 2025. Because there can be no assurance that the Active Banks Proposed Regulations will be finalized
in their current form (and the manner of their application is not entirely clear), because the rules applicable to active insurance companies
are subject to change (including under certain proposed Treasury regulations), and because the composition of our income and assets will
vary over time and our PFIC status for any taxable year will depend, in large part, on the extent to which our income and assets will
be considered active under the exceptions for active banks or insurance companies, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC
for any taxable year.

If we were a PFIC for any taxable year during
which you owned ADSs or equity shares, you may be subject to adverse tax consequences. Generally, gain recognized upon a disposition (including,
under certain circumstances, a pledge) of ADSs or equity shares by you would be allocated ratably over your holding period for such ADSs
or equity shares. The amounts allocated to the taxable year of disposition and to years before we became a PFIC would be taxed as ordinary
income. The amount allocated to each other taxable year would be subject to tax at the highest rate in effect for that taxable year for
individuals or corporations, as appropriate, and an interest charge would be imposed on the tax attributable to the allocated amounts.
Further, to the extent that distributions received by you on your ADSs or equity shares during a taxable year exceed 125% of the average
of the annual distributions on such ADSs or equity shares received during the preceding three taxable years or your holding period, whichever
is shorter, the excess distributions would be subject to taxation in the same manner as gain, as described above in this paragraph.

If we were a PFIC for any year during which you
owned ADSs or equity shares, we generally would continue to be treated as a PFIC with respect to such ADSs or equity shares for all succeeding
years during which you owned the ADSs or equity shares, even if we ceased to meet the threshold requirements for PFIC status.

Alternatively, if we were a PFIC and if ADSs or
equity shares were “regularly traded” on a “qualified exchange,” you could make a mark-to-market election that
would result in tax treatment different from the general tax treatment for PFICs described above. ADSs or equity shares would be treated
as “regularly traded” in any calendar year in which more than a de minimis quantity of ADSs or equity shares, as the case
may be, were traded on a qualified exchange on at least 15 days during each calendar quarter. The New York Stock Exchange, on which our
ADSs are listed, is a qualified exchange for this purpose. A foreign exchange is a “qualified exchange” if it is regulated
by a governmental authority in the jurisdiction in which the exchange is located and with respect to which certain other requirements
are met.

If you make the mark-to-market election (assuming
the election is available), you generally will recognize as ordinary income any excess of the fair market value of ADSs or equity shares
at the end of each taxable year over their adjusted tax basis, and will recognize an ordinary loss in respect of any excess of the adjusted
tax basis of ADSs or equity shares over their fair market value at the end of the taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount
of income previously included as a result of the mark-to-market election). If you make the election, your tax basis in ADSs

226

Table of Contents

or equity shares will be adjusted to reflect these income or loss amounts.
Any gain recognized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs or equity shares in a year when we are a PFIC will be treated as ordinary
income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss (but only to the extent of the net amount of income previously included as a result
of the mark-to-market election) and any excess loss will be a capital loss.

In addition, if we were a PFIC or, with respect
to you, were treated as a PFIC for the taxable year in which we paid a dividend or for the prior taxable year, the favorable tax rates
with respect to dividends paid to certain non-corporate U.S. Holders, described above under “—
United States Federal Income
Tax
 —
Taxation of Dividends”,
 would not apply.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which
you owned our ADSs or equity shares, you will generally be required to file IRS Form 8621 with your annual U.S. federal income tax returns,
subject to certain exceptions.

You should consult your tax adviser regarding
whether we are or were a PFIC and the potential application of the PFIC rules.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Payments of dividends and sales proceeds that
are made within the United States or through certain U.S.-related financial intermediaries generally are subject to information reporting
and to backup withholding, unless (i) you are an exempt recipient or (ii) in the case of backup withholding, you provide a correct taxpayer
identification number and certify that no loss of exemption from backup withholding has occurred. The amount of any backup withholding
from a payment to you will be allowed as a credit against your U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle you to a refund, provided
that the required information is timely furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.

227

Table of Contents

Presentation of
Financial Information

Pursuant to the issuance and listing of our securities
in the United States under registration statements filed with the United States Securities Exchange Commission, we file annual reports
on Form 20-F, which must include financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S.
GAAP) or financial statements prepared according to a comprehensive body of accounting principles with a reconciliation of net income
and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP. Indian GAAP constitutes a comprehensive body of accounting principles and since fiscal 2006,
we have included in the annual report consolidated financial statements prepared according to Indian GAAP, which varies in certain respects
from U.S. GAAP. For a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP, a description of significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and certain additional information required under U.S. GAAP, see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated
financial statements herein.

The data for fiscal 2023 through fiscal 2025 have
been derived from our consolidated financial statements. The accounting and reporting policies used in the preparation of our financial
statements reflect general industry practices and conform with Indian GAAP including the Accounting Standards (“AS”) issued
by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India
and the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority as applicable to relevant companies. In the case of foreign subsidiaries, Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles as applicable to the respective subsidiaries are followed.

Certain subsidiaries of the Bank, namely ICICI
Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited and ICICI Home Finance
Limited have adopted Ind AS, a revised set of accounting standards issued by The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (which largely
converges the Indian accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards). However, for preparation of consolidated
financial statements of the Bank, financial statements as per Indian GAAP have been considered. All the numbers reported/considered in
this document for these subsidiaries are based on current Indian GAAP.

The consolidated financial statements for fiscal
2023 through fiscal 2024 were audited by joint auditors MSKA & Associates, Chartered Accountants and KKC & Associates LLP (formerly
known as Khimji Kunverji & Co LLP), Chartered Accountants and fiscal 2025 was audited by joint auditors BSR & Co. LLP, Chartered
Accountants and CNK & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants under auditing standards issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants
of India. The consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2023 through fiscal 2025 have also been audited by KPMG Assurance and Consulting
Services LLP (formerly known as KPMG), an independent registered public accounting firm in India, in accordance with the auditing standards
of the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. Our published Indian GAAP consolidated financial statements and disclosures
relating to U.S. GAAP net income reconciliation and stockholders’ equity reconciliation as required by U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission and applicable GAAP, audited by KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP (formerly known as KPMG), are set forth at the end
of this annual report.

Under U.S. GAAP, the consolidation of ICICI’s
majority ownership interest in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is accounted for by the equity method, because of substantive
participative rights retained by the minority shareholders. Under Indian GAAP, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is consolidated
on a line-by-line basis.

During fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors of
the Bank approved the increase of the shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited (“ICICI General”) in
multiple tranches up to 4.0%, making ICICI General a subsidiary of the Bank. Following the receipt of the necessary regulatory approval(s),
the Bank through a stock exchange mechanism acquired an additional stake in ICICI General in multiple tranches, resulting in an increase
in shareholding of more than 50.0%. Consequently, ICICI General ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective
February 29, 2024 in consolidated financial statements under Indian GAAP as well as under U.S. GAAP.

During fiscal 2023, the Board of Directors of
the Bank approved making I-Process Services (India) Limited (“iProcess”) a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank. Following
the receipt of the necessary regulatory approval(s), the Bank entered into a share purchase agreement in relation to an investment in
the equity shares of iProcess through off-market transactions. Consequently, iProcess ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary
of the Bank effective March 20, 2024 and subsequently became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective March 22, 2024 in consolidated
financial statements under Indian GAAP as well as under U.S. GAAP.

228

Table of Contents

During fiscal 2024, the Board of Directors of
the Bank approved the draft scheme of arrangement for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities Limited (the “Scheme”).
As per the Scheme, ICICI Securities Limited was delisted from stock exchanges on March 24, 2025 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Bank in consolidated financial statements under Indian GAAP as well as under U.S GAAP.

Although we have translated in this annual report
certain rupee amounts into dollars for convenience, this does not mean that the rupee amounts referred to could have been, or could be,
converted into dollars at any particular rate, the rates stated earlier in this annual report, or at all. Except in the section on “Market
Price Information”, all translations from rupees to U.S. dollars are based on the exchange rate as set forth in the H.10 statistical
release of the Federal Reserve Board on March 31, 2025.

229

Table of Contents

Additional Information

Memorandum and Articles of Association

Objects and Purposes

Pursuant to Clause III.A.1 of ICICI Bank’s
Memorandum of Association, ICICI Bank’s main objective is to, among other things, carry on the business of banking in any part of
India or outside India.

Provisions Relating to Directors

Certain provisions of our Articles of Association
relating to directors are set forth as follows:

·   Article 128 of the Articles of Association provides that no director shall be required to hold any qualification shares of the Company.

·   Article 135 of the Articles of Association provides that no director of ICICI Bank shall, as a director, take any part in the discussion
of or vote on any contract or arrangement if such director is directly or indirectly concerned or interested in such contract or arrangement.

·   Article 137 of the Articles of Association provides that at every Annual General Meeting of the Company, one third of such directors
for the time being as are liable to retire by rotation or if their number is neither three nor a multiple of three, then the number nearest
to one-third, shall retire from office. The Debenture Directors, the Government Directors and the other Non-Rotational Directors shall
not be subject to retirement under the Articles of Association.

·   Article 138 of the Articles of Association provides that the directors to retire by rotation at every Annual General Meeting shall
be those who have been longest in office since their last appointment, but as between persons who became Directors on the same day, those
who are to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined by lot. There is no provision under the Articles
of Association requiring the mandatory retirement of directors at a specified age. Pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a
person is eligible for appointment as non-executive director, if he or she is between 35 and 75 years of age. After attaining the age
of 75 years, no person can continue in this position. Further, pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, no person can continue
as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer or wholetime director beyond the age of 70 years. Within the overall limit of 70 years,
individual Bank's Boards are free to prescribe a lower retirement age for the wholetime directors, including the Managing Director and
Chief Executive Officer.

Directors have no powers to vote in
absence of a quorum.

·   Article 79 of the Articles of Association provides that the directors may by a resolution passed at a meeting of the Board of Directors,
borrow moneys and raise and secure the payment of amounts in a manner and upon such terms and conditions in all respects as they think
fit and in particular by the issue of bonds, redeemable debentures or debenture stock, or any mortgage or charge or other security on
the undertaking or the whole or any part of the property of ICICI Bank (both present and future) including our uncalled capital.

Amendment to Rights of Holders of Equity Shares

Any change to the existing rights of the equity
holders can be made only by amending the Articles of Association which would require a special resolution of the shareholders, passed
by not less than three times the number of votes cast against the resolution.

General Meetings of Shareholders

We are required to convene our annual general
meeting within a period of five months from the date of closing of the financial year. The Board may convene an extraordinary general
meeting when necessary or at the request of a shareholder or shareholders holding at least 10% of our paid-up capital carrying voting
rights. A general meeting of a company may be called by giving not less than clear 21 days’ notice in the manner prescribed
under the applicable laws/regulations.

230

Table of Contents

Change in Control Provisions

Article 56 of the Articles of Association provides
that the Board of Directors may at its discretion decline to register or acknowledge any transfer of any securities in respect of securities
upon which we have a lien or while any money in respect of the securities desired to be transferred on any of them remain unpaid. Moreover,
the Board of Directors may refuse to register the transfer of any securities if the total nominal value of any securities intended to
be transferred by any person would, together with the total nominal value of any securities held in ICICI Bank, exceed 1% of the paid-up
equity share capital of ICICI Bank or if the Board of Directors is satisfied that as a result of such transfer, it would result in the
change in the Board of Directors or change in the controlling interest of ICICI Bank and that such change would be prejudicial to the
interests of ICICI Bank. However, under the Indian Companies Act, the enforceability of such transfer restrictions is unclear.

Documents on Display

The documents concerning us which are referred
to herein may be inspected at the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). You may read and copy any document filed or
furnished by us at the SEC’s public reference rooms in Washington D.C., New York and Chicago, Illinois or obtain them by mail upon
payment of prescribed rates. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov,
which contains, in electronic form, each of the reports and other information that we have filed electronically with the SEC. Information
about ICICI Bank is also available on the web at www.icicibank.com.

Annual Report to Security Holders

We intend to submit annual report provided to
security holders in electronic format as an exhibit to a current report on Form 6-K.

231

Table of Contents

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit
No.   Description
of Document
1.1   ICICI Bank Memorandum of Association, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2020 filed on July 31, 2020).
1.2   ICICI Bank Articles of Association, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2020 filed on July 31, 2020).
2.1   Deposit Agreement among ICICI Bank, Deutsche Bank and the holders from time to time of American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder (including as an exhibit, the form of American Depositary Receipt) (incorporated herein by reference to ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-30132)*).
2.2   Letter Agreements dated February 19, 2002 and April 1, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2002 filed on September 30, 2002), Letter Agreement dated March 8, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement on Form F-3 (File No. 333-121664)) and Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2012 filed on July 31, 2012) amending and supplementing the Deposit Agreement.
2.3   Letter Agreement dated June 2, 2016, supplementing the Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2016 filed on August 1, 2016).
2.4   Letter Agreement dated October 31, 2017, amending and supplementing the Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2018 filed on July 31, 2018).
2.5   Amendment No.1 to the Deposit Agreement originally dated March 31, 2020 and as amended and supplemented from time to time (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit a(ii) to ICICI Bank's Registration Statement on Form F-6 filed on July 1, 2024).
2.6   ICICI Bank’s Share Certificate Specimen.
2.7   Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
4.1   ICICI Bank Employees Stock Option Scheme - 2000, as amended (incorporated
herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2019 filed on July 31,
2019).
4.2   ICICI Bank Employees Stock Unit Scheme – 2022.
8.1   List of Subsidiaries (included under “Business–Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures” herein).
11.1   Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as amended.
11.2   ICICI Bank Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading.
12.1   Certification of the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
12.2   Certification of the Group Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
13.1   Certification of periodic financial report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as mandated by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
97.1   ICICI Bank Compensation Policy

*Paper filing

232

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report
on our behalf.

For ICICI BANK LIMITED
By:   /s/ Anindya Banerjee
Name:	Mr. Anindya Banerjee
Title:	Group Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 25, 2025

233

Table of Contents

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated
Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31,
2025

and March 31, 2024 together

with Auditors’ Reports

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

Contents   Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Consolidated balance sheet   F-9
Consolidated profit and loss account   F-10
Consolidated cash flow statement   F-11
Schedules to the consolidated financial statements   F-13

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm

To the Stockholders and Board of
Directors

ICICI Bank Limited

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries (the Company) as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated
profit and loss accounts and consolidated cash flow statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2025, and
the related notes and financial statement schedules 1 to 18B (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2025
and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended March 31, 2025, in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in India.

We also have audited, in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting as of March 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated July 25, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

Differences from U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles

Accounting principles generally
accepted in India vary in certain significant respects from U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Information relating to the
nature and effect of such differences is presented in Note 21 of Schedule 18B to the consolidated financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

F-
2

Critical Audit Matters

The critical
audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to
the consolidated financial statements; and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or
disclosures to which they relate.

Allowance for Credit Losses

As discussed
in Note 7 of Schedule 18B to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s allowance for credit losses under generally accepted
accounting principles in India (Indian GAAP) was Rs. 182,656.6 million as at March 31, 2025 (the March 31, 2025 Indian GAAP ACL). As discussed
in Note 21 of Schedule 18B to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s allowance for credit losses included in the reconciliation
of stockholders’ equity from Indian GAAP to U.S. GAAP as of March 31, 2025 was Rs. (27,524.6) million which included allowance for
credit losses on loans evaluated on a collective basis (the March 31, 2025 collective ACL) and allowance for credit losses on loans evaluated
on an individual basis (the March 31, 2025 individual ACL). The March 31, 2025, Indian GAAP ACL, the March 31, 2025, collective ACL and
the March 31, 2025, individual ACL are collectively referred to hereinafter as ‘total ACL’.

The March
31, 2025, collective ACL includes the measure of expected credit losses on a collective (pooled) basis for those loans that share similar
risk characteristics. The Company estimated the March 31, 2025, collective ACL using a current expected credit losses methodology which
is based on relevant information about historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect
the collectability of the loan balances. The quantitative calculation of expected credit losses is the product of multiplying the Company’s
estimates of probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD), and individual loan level exposure at default (EAD). For the quantitative
calculation, the Company uses models to develop the PD and LGD, which are derived from internal historical default and loss experience,
that incorporate the relevant macro-economic scenario over reasonable and supportable forecast period. Further, the probability of default
for subsequent periods reverts to the long run average observed behavior. All such periods are established for each portfolio segment.
The Company estimates the EAD using a model which estimates prepayments over the life of the loans. In order to capture the unique risks
of the loan portfolio within the PD, LGD, and EAD models, the Company segments the portfolio into pools, incorporating certain criteria
including, but not limited to customer type, risk rating and delinquency status for commercial loans and product type, delinquency status,
credit scores and months on book for non-commercial loans. The Company has developed internal models to assign credit risk ratings to
borrowers, which are used for the segmentation of commercial loans. The model output for the collective ACL is adjusted by increasing
the probability of default estimates to take into consideration model imprecision not yet reflected in the calculation. Judgment is applied
in making this adjustment, including taking into account uncertainties associated with the economic conditions, product or portfolio,
as well as other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the portfolio.

F-
3

We identified
the assessment of collective ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge,
and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment of collective ACL due to significant measurement uncertainty.
The assessment as of the March 31, 2025, of collective ACL encompassed the evaluation of the collective ACL methodology, including the
methods and models used to estimate the PD, LGD, and EAD and their significant assumptions. Such significant assumptions included portfolio
segmentation, the relevant macro-economic scenario, the reasonable and supportable forecast periods, the historical observation period,
and credit risk ratings for commercial loans and prepayment estimates.

The assessment
also included the evaluation of the qualitative factors and their significant assumptions, including selection of relevant macroeconomic
variables and consideration of uncertain global economic conditions such as emerging trade tensions, moderation expected in global as
well as Indian growth, geo-economic fragmentation, geopolitical conflicts, attendant volatility in commodity prices, moderation in IT
growth and artificial intelligence developments. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance
of the PD, LGD and commercial loan credit risk rating models.

The following
are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness
of certain internal controls related to Company’s measurement of the collective ACL estimates, including controls over the:

-   review of the collective ACL methodology

-   review of the PD, LGD, commercial loan credit risk rating and EAD models

-   identification and determination of the significant assumptions used in the PD, LGD, commercial loan credit
risk rating and EAD models

-   determination of the key assumptions and inputs used to estimate the quantitative and qualitative calculation
of the collective ACL, including selection of relevant macroeconomic variables and consideration of uncertain global economic conditions
such as emerging trade tensions, moderation expected in global as well as Indian growth, geo-economic fragmentation, geopolitical conflicts,
attendant volatility in commodity prices, moderation in IT growth and artificial intelligence developments.

-   validation of the PD, LGD and commercial loan credit risk rating model for the collective ACL

We evaluated
the Company’s development of the collective ACL estimates by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the
Company used and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk
professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in:

-   evaluating the collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles

-   evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the development and performance monitoring testing
of the PD, LGD, and EAD models by comparing them to relevant Company

-   specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices

-   assessing the conceptual soundness and performance testing of the PD, LGD, commercial loan credit risk
rating and EAD models by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use

-   evaluating the methodology used to develop and incorporate the relevant macro-economic scenario over the
reasonable and supportable forecast periods and underlying assumptions by comparing it to the Company’s business environment and
relevant industry practices

-   assessing the macro-economic variables through benchmarking to publicly available forecasts, where available

F-
4

-   evaluating the length of the historical observation period and reasonable and supportable forecast periods
to evaluate the length of each period by comparing them to specific portfolio risk characteristics and trends

-   determining whether the loan portfolio is segmented by similar risk characteristics by comparing to the
Company’s business environment and relevant industry practices

-   testing the methodology used for estimation of individual credit risk ratings for commercial loans by
performing quantitative validation of credit rating models used to assign the credit risk ratings.

-   evaluating the methodology used for estimating the prepayments within the EAD models over the life of
the loans

-   evaluating the methodology used to develop the qualitative factors, including consideration of uncertain
global economic conditions such as emerging trade tensions, moderation expected in global as well as Indian growth, geo-economic fragmentation,
geopolitical conflicts, attendant volatility in commodity prices, moderation in IT growth and artificial intelligence developments and
the effect of those factors on the collective ACL compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with credit trends and identified
limitations of the underlying quantitative calculations.

Liabilities in respect to life insurance
policies

As given in the consolidated financial statements,
liabilities for life insurance non-linked policies in force of Rs. 1,273,359.8 million is included in the total liabilities for policies
in force of Rs. 2,885,758.8 million.

The liabilities in respect of life insurance non-linked
policies in force under Indian GAAP are estimated in accordance with accepted actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance Act, 1938,
as amended from time to time, regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) and relevant
Guidance Notes / Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The actuarial liability for both participating and
non-participating non-linked policies is primarily calculated by the Company using the gross premium valuation (GPV) method. This method
incorporates assumptions for interest rates, mortality, morbidity, persistency and expenses. These assumptions are updated as of the valuation
date and represent prudent estimates, including margins to accommodate potential adverse deviations.

We identified the assessment of liabilities for
life insurance non-linked policies in force under Indian GAAP to be a critical audit matter since it involves a high degree of audit effort,
including subjective and complex auditor judgment in evaluating management’s estimate, and use of actuarial professionals with specialized
skill and knowledge to assist in performing procedures and evaluating the estimate of such liabilities. Specifically, there is significant
judgement in determination of assumptions for life insurance non-linked policies in force under Indian GAAP.

The following are the primary procedures we performed
to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related
to Company’s measurement of liabilities for life insurance policies in force under Indian GAAP including controls over the valuation
process and underlying data which included assessment and approval of the methods and assumptions adopted over such measurements as well
as appropriate access and change management controls over the actuarial models. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized
skills and knowledge who assisted in:

F-
5

-   assessing the methodology for selecting assumptions by comparing the
methodology used against industry standard actuarial practice,

-   assessing the methodology for calculating the liabilities by reference
to the requirements of the industry standard actuarial practice and assessing the impact of current year changes in methodology on the
calculation of policyholder liabilities,

-   evaluating the analysis of the movements in liabilities during the year,
including consideration of whether the movements were in line with the methodology and assumptions adopted,

-   evaluating judgments applied by management in setting assumptions, and

-   independently re-calculating the liabilities for a selection of individual
policies for select products to assess whether the selected model calibration had been appropriately implemented.

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1999.

/s/ KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP

Mumbai, Maharashtra, India

July 25, 2025

F-
6

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors

ICICI Bank Limited

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting

We have audited ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries’
(the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control –
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2025, based on criteria established
in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of March 31,
2025 and 2024, the related consolidated profit and loss accounts and consolidated cash flow statements for each of the years in the three-year
period ended March 31, 2025, and the related notes and financial statement schedules 1 to 18B (collectively, the consolidated financial
statements), and our report dated July 25, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

F-
7

Definition and Limitations of Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP

Mumbai
,
Maharashtra, India

July 25, 2025

F-
8

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated balance sheet

(Rs. in thousands)
At
Schedule   March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
CAPITAL AND LIABILITIES
Capital   1   14,245,974   14,046,790
Employees stock options/units outstanding   1   A   20,698,433   14,053,180
Reserves and surplus   2   3,104,114,654   2,533,338,376
Minority interest   2   A   148,367,361   138,884,162
Deposits   3   16,416,374,040   14,435,799,524
Borrowings   4   2,188,834,453   2,074,280,008
Policyholder’s funds   2,943,055,571   2,813,183,300
Other liabilities and provisions   5   1,586,723,648   1,617,044,935
TOTAL CAPITAL AND LIABILITIES   26,422,414,134   23,640,630,275
ASSETS
Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India   6   1,202,409,132   899,430,231
Balances with banks and money at call and short notice   7   937,825,505   728,258,795
Investments   8   8,863,768,108   8,271,625,050
Advances   9   14,206,637,124   12,607,762,029
Fixed assets   10   158,124,234   132,402,763
Other assets   11   969,055,719   976,409,788
Goodwill on consolidation   84,594,312   24,741,619
TOTAL ASSETS   26,422,414,134   23,640,630,275
Contingent liabilities   12   78,850,007,864   57,578,163,337
Bills for collection   1,313,614,604   1,007,917,603
Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts   17 & 18

The Schedules referred to above form an integral
part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

F-
9

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated profit and loss account

(Rs. in thousands, except per share data)
Year ended
Schedule   March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I.    INCOME
Interest earned   13   1,863,314,641   1,595,159,252   1,210,668,098
Other income   14   1,082,554,702   765,218,020   651,119,912
TOTAL INCOME   2,945,869,343   2,360,377,272   1,861,788,010
II.    EXPENDITURE
Interest expended   15   890,276,529   741,081,627   505,433,879
Operating expenses   16   1,277,999,771   977,827,922   824,390,232
Provisions and contingencies (refer note 18.6)   233,405,909   191,400,276   187,333,629
TOTAL EXPENDITURE   2,401,682,209   1,910,309,825   1,517,157,740
III.   PROFIT/(LOSS)
Net profit for the year (before share in profit of associates and minority interest)   544,187,134   450,067,447   344,630,270
Add: Share of profit in associates   1,506,622   10,737,680   9,982,876
Net profit for the year before deducting minority interest   545,693,756   460,805,127   354,613,146
Less: Minority interest   35,401,801   18,241,392   14,246,738
Consolidated profit/(loss) for the year attributable to the Group   510,291,955   442,563,735   340,366,408
Brought forward consolidated profit attributable to the group   898,257,800   656,386,769   508,988,514
TOTAL PROFIT/(LOSS)   1,408,549,755   1,098,950,504   849,354,922
IV.  APPROPRIATIONS/TRANSFERS
Transfer to Statutory Reserve   118,068,000   102,221,000   79,742,000
Transfer to Capital Reserve   68,700   332,500   878,200
Transfer to/(from) Investment Fluctuation Reserve   2,586,100   9,927,900   1,043,810
Transfer to Special Reserve   32,490,000   31,353,000   26,254,000
Transfer to/(from) Revenue and other reserves   1,073,620   872,340   50,255,680
Dividend paid during the year   70,412,665   55,985,964   34,794,463
Balance carried over to balance sheet   1,183,850,670   898,257,800   656,386,769
TOTAL   1,408,549,755   1,098,950,504   849,354,922
Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts   17 & 18
Earnings per share (refer note 18.1)
Basic (Rs.)   72.41   63.19   48.86
Diluted (Rs.)   71.14   61.96   47.84
Face value per share (Rs.)   2.00   2.00   2.00

The Schedules referred to above form an integral
part of the Consolidated Profit and Loss Account.

F-
10

ICICI Bank
Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated
cash flow statement

(Rs. in thousands)

Year ended
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
Cash flow from/(used in) operating activities
Profit/loss before taxes   694,640,235   596,839,961   458,300,782
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation   26,903,750   19,958,856   16,351,038
Net (appreciation)/depreciation on investments   (1,023,190   )   16,172,037   27,053,455
Provision in respect of non-performing and other assets   41,272,474   9,635,716   (3,653,501   )
General provision for standard assets   7,011,427   11,658,491   4,898,941
Provision for contingencies & others   (7,227,370   )   8,780,202   54,236,861
(Profit)/loss on sale of fixed assets   (439,077   )   (144,093   )   (542,579   )
Employees stock options expense   7,901,495   7,029,081   5,180,508
(i)   769,039,744   669,930,251   561,825,505
Adjustments for:
(Increase)/decrease in investments   75,014,144   167,355,354   (158,286,285   )
(Increase)/decrease in advances   (1,640,197,486   )   (1,782,646,848   )   (1,638,931,648   )
Increase/(decrease) in deposits   1,980,574,515   2,329,930,107   1,194,663,589
(Increase)/decrease in other assets   (5,176,415   )   18,818,794   (165,971,353   )
Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities and provisions 1   229,962,676   302,893,172   277,742,529
(ii)   640,177,434   1,036,350,579   (490,783,168   )
Refund/(payment) of direct taxes   (iii)   (181,164,596   )   (133,436,047   )   (108,754,258   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) operating activities ((i)+(ii)+(iii)) (A)   1,228,052,582   1,572,844,783   (37,711,921   )
Cash flow from/(used in) investing activities
Purchase of fixed assets   (47,700,055   )   (36,785,464   )   (24,676,808   )
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets   646,115   698,893   2,874,176
(Purchase)/sale of held to maturity securities   (725,829,665   )   (1,423,224,353   )   (658,250,590   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) investing activities   (B)   (772,883,605   )   (1,459,310,924   )   (680,053,222   )
Cash flow from/(used in) financing activities
Proceeds from issue of share capital (including ESOPs)   14,375,199   11,708,675   9,420,691
Proceeds from long-term borrowings   404,464,948   391,968,191   417,361,966
Repayment of long-term borrowings   (399,331,062   )   (391,468,771   )   (268,917,978   )
Net proceeds/(repayment) of short-term borrowings   106,795,922   181,423,005   124,836,960
Dividend paid   (70,412,665   )   (55,985,964   )   (34,794,463   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) financing activities   (C)   55,892,342   137,645,136   247,907,176
Effect of exchange fluctuation on translation reserve   (D)   1,484,292   4,234,435   3,163,063

F-
11

ICICI Bank
Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated
cash flow statement
(Continued)

(Rs. in thousands)

Year ended
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A) + (B) + (C) + (D)   512,545,611   255,413,430   (466,694,904   )
Cash
and cash equivalents at beginning of the year   1,627,689,026   1,364,564,928   1,831,259,832
Add: Addition of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Private Limited as a subsidiary in consolidation during the year   —   7,710,668
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year   2,140,234,637   1,627,689,026   1,364,564,928

1.   Including adjustments for increase/(decrease) in Policyholder’s funds.

2.   Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, foreign currency notes, rupee digital
currency, balances with RBI, balances with other banks and money at call and short notice.

F-
12

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

SCHEDULE 1 - CAPITAL

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
Authorised capital
12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2024: 12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each)   25,000,000   25,000,000
Equity share capital Issued,
subscribed and paid-up capital
7,022,335,643 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2024: 6,982,815,731 equity shares)   14,044,671   13,965,631
Add: 99,592,187 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2024: 39,519,912 equity shares) issued during the year 1   199,184   79,040
14,243,855   14,044,671
Add: Forfeited equity shares 2   2,119   2,119
TOTAL CAPITAL   14,245,974   14,046,790

1.   Additions for FY2025 include
Rs. 112.0 million on account of issuance of 56,008,117 equity shares by the Bank to the shareholders of ICICI Securities Limited in accordance
with the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Securities Limited and their respective shareholders for delisting
of ICICI Securities Limited.

2.   On account of forfeiture of
266,089 equity shares of Rs. 10 each.

SCHEDULE 1A - Employees stock options/units outstanding

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
Opening Balance   14,053,180   7,608,859
Additions during the year 1,2   8,866,163   7,028,323
Deductions during the year 3   (2,220,910   )   (584,002   )
Closing Balance   20,698,433   14,053,180

1.   Represents cost of employee
stock options/units of the Bank recognised during the year.

2.   Additions for FY2025 include
Rs. 964.7 million towards creation of ESOP reserve by the Bank for the options/units granted to employees of ICICI Securities limited
in accordance with the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Securities Limited and their respective shareholders
for delisting of ICICI Securities Limited.

3.   Represents amount transferred
to securities premium on account of exercise of employee stock options/units and to general reserve on lapses of employee stock options/units.

F-
13

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

SCHEDULE
2 - RESERVES AND SURPLUS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I. Statutory
    reserve
Opening balance   537,999,519   435,778,519
Additions during the year   118,068,000   102,221,000
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   656,067,519   537,999,519
II. Special reserve 1
Opening balance   191,585,000   160,232,000
Additions during the year   32,490,000   31,353,000
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   224,075,000   191,585,000
III. Securities
    premium
Opening balance   519,436,438   507,229,514
Additions during the year 2,3   86,696,353   12,206,924
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   606,132,791   519,436,438
IV. AFS
    reserve
Opening balance   (313,803   )   (639,612   )
Impact of transition 4   20,583,089   ..
Additions during the year   1,931,108   325,809
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   22,200,393   (313,803   )
V. Investment fluctuation reserve 5
Opening balance   31,686,709   21,758,809
Additions during the year   2,586,100   9,927,900
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   34,272,809   31,686,709
VI. Capital
    reserve
Opening balance   151,353,548   150,662,553
Additions during the year 6   68,700   690,995
Deductions during the year   (164,841   )   ..
Closing balance 7   151,257,407   151,353,548
VII. Capital
    redemption reserve
Opening balance   3,500,000   3,500,000
Additions during the year   ..   ..
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   3,500,000   3,500,000

F-
14

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
VIII.   Foreign currency translation reserve
Opening balance   19,828,929   15,594,494
Additions during the year 8   1,850,113   4,234,435
Deductions during the year   (365,821   )   ..
Closing balance   21,313,221   19,828,929
IX.   Revaluation reserve
Opening balance   31,112,741   30,918,416
Additions during the year 9   7,828,466   1,174,473
Deductions during the year 10   (1,146,044   )   (980,148   )
Closing balance   37,795,163   31,112,741
X.   Revenue and other reserves
Opening balance   148,891,495   141,979,913
Additions during the year 4   20,190,304   7,055,888
Deductions during the year   (5,432,118   )   (144,306   )
Closing balance 11,12   163,649,681   148,891,495
XI.   Balance in profit and loss account   1,183,850,670   898,257,800
TOTAL RESERVES AND SURPLUS   3,104,114,654   2,533,338,376

1.   Includes amount transferred to Special Reserve as per Section 36(1)(viii) of the Income-tax Act, 1961
by the Bank.

2.   Includes Rs. 16,499.7 million (March 31, 2024 : Rs. 12,206.2 million) on exercise of employee stock options/units.

3.   Additions for FY2025 include Rs. 68,876.0 million on account of issuance of equity shares to the shareholders
of ICICI Securities Limited in accordance with the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Securities Limited and their
respective shareholders for delisting of ICICI Securities Limited.

4.   In accordance with Master Direction issued by RBI on Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment
Portfolio of Commercial Banks, Directions 2023, applicable from April 1, 2024, during FY2025, the Bank has accounted net transition gain
of Rs. 20,583.1 million (net of tax) and Rs. 14,082.9 million (net of tax and minority interest) in AFS reserve and General reserve respectively.

5.   Represents amount transferred by the Bank to Investment Fluctuation Reserve (IFR) on net profit on sale
of AFS and FVTPL (including HFT) investments during the period. The amount not less than the lower of net profit on sale of AFS, FVTPL
(including HFT) category investments during the period or net profit for the period less mandatory appropriations is required to be transferred
to IFR, until the amount of IFR is at least 2% of the AFS and FVTPL (including HFT) portfolio.

6.   Represents appropriations made by the Bank for profit on sale of HTM investments, investments in subsidiaries,
joint ventures and associates and equity AFS investments and profit on sale of land and buildings, net of taxes and transfer to statutory
reserve.

7.   Includes capital reserve on initial/subsequent investment on subsidiaries and associates amounting to
Rs. 437.6 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 437.6 million).

8.   During FY2024, the Bank had transferred accumulated translation loss of Rs. 3,396.6 million related to
closure of Bank's Offshore Banking Unit, SEEPZ Mumbai, to profit and loss account in terms of Accounting Standard 11 - The Effects of
Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates.

9.   Represents gain on revaluation of premises carried out by the Bank and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited.

10.   Includes amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account of incremental depreciation
charge on revaluation and revaluation surplus on premises sold. Also includes the amount of loss on revaluation of certain assets which
were held for sale.

11.   Includes Rs. 3,169.3 million towards fair value change account of insurance subsidiaries (March 31, 2024:
Rs. 6,841.3 million).

12.   Includes unrealised profit/(loss) pertaining to the investments of venture capital funds.

F-
15

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

SCHEDULE 2A - MINORITY INTEREST

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
Opening minority interest   138,884,162   66,867,526
Subsequent increase/(decrease) during the year 1,2   9,483,199   72,016,636
CLOSING MINORITY INTEREST   148,367,361   138,884,162

1.   At March 31, 2024, includes minority interest relating to ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited amounting to Rs. 63,102.1 million on becoming a subsidiary.

2.   At March 31, 2025, includes reversal of the minority interest relating to ICICI
Securities Limited amounting to Rs. 13,495.5 million on becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary.

SCHEDULE 3 – DEPOSITS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
A. I.  Demand
    deposits
i) From banks   56,975,019   47,613,641
ii) From others   2,318,588,072   1,940,571,390
II.  Savings bank deposits   4,442,542,504   4,060,887,215
III. Term deposits
i) From banks   191,795,037   208,627,693
ii) From others   9,406,473,408   8,178,099,585
TOTAL DEPOSITS   16,416,374,040   14,435,799,524
B. I.    Deposits
    of branches in India   15,897,492,345   13,954,785,283
II.  Deposits of branches/subsidiaries outside India   518,881,695   481,014,241
TOTAL DEPOSITS 1   16,416,374,040   14,435,799,524

1.   Includes deposits amounting to Rs. 966,853.0 million against which lien is marked
by the Group in the ordinary course of business (March 31, 2024: Rs. 838,727.2 million).

SCHEDULE 4 - BORROWINGS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I.  Borrowings In India
i) Reserve Bank of India 1   107,760,800   26,186,900
ii) Other banks   164,767,032   104,714,012

F-
16

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
iii) Financial institutions 2   645,482,486   661,840,505
iv) Borrowings in the form of
a) Deposits 3   44,576,176   38,106,055
b) Commercial paper   226,221,340   172,960,808
c) Bonds and debentures (excluding subordinated debt)   514,322,000   525,303,878
v)  Capital instruments
a) Innovative Perpetual Debt
    Instruments (IPDI) (qualifying as additional Tier 1 capital)   ..   ..
b)
    Unsecured redeemable debentures/bonds (subordinated debt included in Tier 2 capital)   56,102,038   48,594,148
TOTAL BORROWINGS IN INDIA   1,759,231,872   1,577,706,306
II.	Borrowings outside India
i) Capital instruments
Unsecured redeemable debentures/bonds (subordinated debt included in Tier 2 capital)   4,284,358   4,135,575
ii) Bonds and notes   115,344,418   133,372,570
iii) Other borrowings   309,973,805   359,065,557
TOTAL BORROWINGS OUTSIDE INDIA   429,602,581   496,573,702
TOTAL BORROWINGS   2,188,834,453   2,074,280,008

1.   Represents borrowings made by the group under Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF)
and Standing Liquidity Facility (SLF).

2.   Includes borrowings made by the Group under repo and refinance.

3.   Represents deposits accepted by ICICI Home Finance Company Limited.

4.   Secured borrowings in I and II above amounting to Rs. 278,123.4 million (March
31, 2024: Rs. 266,868.8 million) other than the borrowings under collateralised borrowing and lending obligation, market repurchase transactions
(including tri-party repo) with banks and financial institutions and transactions under liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing
facility.

SCHEDULE 5 - OTHER LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I.   Bills payable   89,702,015   128,193,100
II.   Inter-office adjustments (net)   812,972   420,905
III.   Interest accrued   42,154,332   38,985,508
IV.   Sundry creditors   619,264,081   639,120,659
V.   General provision for standard assets   68,748,943   61,602,061
VI.   Unrealised loss on foreign exchange and derivative contracts   185,821,678   176,519,175
VII.   Others (including provisions) 1   580,219,627   572,203,527
TOTAL OTHER LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS   1,586,723,648   1,617,044,935

1.   Includes contingency provision of the Bank amounting to Rs. 131,000.0 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 131,000.0 million) and specific
provision for standard loans amounting to Rs. 7,684.6 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 9,795.3 million) of the Bank.

F-
17

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

SCHEDULE 6 - CASH AND BALANCES WITH
RESERVE BANK OF INDIA

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I. Cash
    in hand (including foreign currency notes)   64,936,822   89,558,463
II. Balances
    with Reserve Bank of India   1,137,472,310   809,871,768
a) In current account   627,042,310   625,031,768
b) In other accounts 1   510,430,000   184,840,000
TOTAL CASH AND BALANCES WITH RESERVE BANK OF INDIA   1,202,409,132   899,430,231

1.   Represents lending made by the group under Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) and Standing Deposit Facility
(SDF).

SCHEDULE 7 - BALANCES WITH BANKS AND MONEY AT CALL AND
SHORT NOTICE

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I.  In India
i) Balances with banks
a) in current accounts   2,887,060   3,553,758
b) in other deposit accounts   161,549,141   125,802,157
ii) Money at call and short notice
a) with banks   17,095,000   4,170,250
b) with other institutions 1   72,514,528   180,191,880
TOTAL   254,045,729   313,718,045
II. Outside India
i) in current accounts   452,527,779   218,885,291
ii) in other deposit accounts   147,811,898   80,151,629
iii) Money at call and short notice   83,440,099   115,503,830
TOTAL   683,779,776   414,540,750
TOTAL BALANCES WITH BANKS AND MONEY AT CALL AND SHORT NOTICE   937,825,505   728,258,795

1.   Includes lending made by the Group under reverse repo.

SCHEDULE 8 - INVESTMENTS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I.  Investments in India [net of provisions]
i)    Government securities   5,345,834,889   5,055,928,340
ii)   Other approved securities   ..   ..
iii)  Shares (includes equity and preference shares)   274,995,209   219,751,396
iv)  Debentures and bonds (including commercial paper and certificate of deposits)   1,256,211,776   967,627,791

F-
18

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
v)  Assets held to cover linked liabilities of life insurance business 1   1,612,399,043   1,648,424,014
vi) Investment in associates 2   22,650,041   15,102,339
vii) Others (mutual fund units, pass through certificates, security receipts and other related investments)   211,056,685   222,672,130
TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN INDIA   8,723,147,643   8,129,506,010
II. Investments outside India [net of provisions]
i)   Government securities   82,034,298   79,489,098
ii)  Others (equity shares, bonds and certificate of deposits)   58,586,167   62,629,942
TOTAL INVESTMENTS OUTSIDE INDIA   140,620,465   142,119,040
TOTAL INVESTMENTS   8,863,768,108   8,271,625,050
A.  Investments in India
Gross value of investments 1   8,694,747,035   8,133,543,306
Less: Aggregate of provision/depreciation/(appreciation)   (28,400,608   )   4,037,296
Net investments   8,723,147,643   8,129,506,010
B.  Investments outside India
Gross value of investments   141,030,805   146,627,653
Less: Aggregate of provision/depreciation/(appreciation)   410,340   4,508,613
Net investments   140,620,465   142,119,040
TOTAL INVESTMENTS   8,863,768,108   8,271,625,050

1.   Includes net appreciation amounting to Rs. 283,812.3 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 384,547.0 million) on investments held to cover
linked liabilities of life insurance business.

2.   Includes goodwill on consolidation of associates amounting to Rs. 163.1 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 163.1 million).

SCHEDULE 9 - ADVANCES [net of provisions]

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
A. i)    Bills purchased and discounted 1   463,393,153   500,789,314
ii)    Cash credits, overdrafts and loans repayable on demand   4,944,846,572   3,577,416,833
iii)   Term loans   8,798,397,399   8,529,555,882
TOTAL ADVANCES   14,206,637,124   12,607,762,029
B. i)      Secured
    by tangible assets (includes advances against book debts)   10,386,986,327   9,000,168,618
ii)     Covered by bank/government guarantees   74,837,364   91,804,264
iii)    Unsecured   3,744,813,433   3,515,789,147
TOTAL ADVANCES   14,206,637,124   12,607,762,029

F-
19

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
C. I.     Advances in India
i)     Priority sector   4,630,104,023   3,739,060,521
ii)    Public sector   449,375,474   510,801,139
iii)   Banks   15,293,973   16,359,843
iv)   Others   8,438,646,608   7,598,518,682
TOTAL ADVANCES IN INDIA   13,533,420,078   11,864,740,185
II.    Advances outside India
i)     Due from banks   15,217,500   14,422,000
ii)    Due from others
a) Bills purchased and discounted   92,213,965   116,325,237
b) Syndicated and term loans   235,599,649   257,939,039
c) Others   330,185,932   354,335,568
TOTAL ADVANCES OUTSIDE INDIA   673,217,046   743,021,844
TOTAL ADVANCES   14,206,637,124   12,607,762,029

1.   Net of bills re-discounted amounting to Nil (March 31, 2024: Rs. 5,000.0 million).

SCHEDULE
10 - FIXED ASSETS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I.    Premises Gross block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   102,975,511   94,340,437
Additions during the year 1,4   13,407,476   9,806,147
Deductions during the year   (1,557,059   )   (1,171,073   )
Closing balance   114,825,928   102,975,511
Depreciation
At March 31of preceding year   28,099,523   25,545,325
Charge during the year 2,4   3,288,984   3,196,062
Deductions during the year   (936,197   )   (641,864   )
Total  depreciation   30,452,310   28,099,523
Net block 3   84,373,618   74,875,988
II.   Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures) Gross block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   149,044,513   111,002,632
Additions during the year 5,6   38,213,577   42,594,957
Deductions during the year   (8,895,659   )   (4,553,076   )
Closing balance   178,362,431   149,044,513
Depreciation
At March 31 of preceding year   94,383,964   73,174,464
Charge during the year 5,6   22,747,963   25,873,227

F-
20

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
Deductions during the year   (8,928,875   )   (4,663,727   )
Total  depreciation   108,203,052   94,383,964
Net block   70,159,379   54,660,549
III.   Lease
assets Gross block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   17,900,286   17,902,406
Additions during the year   1,222,931   530
Deductions during the year   (209,810   )   (2,650   )
Closing balance 7   18,913,407   17,900,286
Depreciation
At March 31 of preceding year   15,034,060   14,835,650
Charge during the year   301,152   199,375
Deductions during the year   (13,042   )   (965   )
Total depreciation, accumulated lease adjustment and provisions   15,322,170   15,034,060
Net block   3,591,237   2,866,226
TOTAL FIXED ASSETS   158,124,234   132,402,763

1.   Includes revaluation gain amounting to Rs. 7,828.5 million
(March 31, 2024: Rs. 1,194.7 million) on account of revaluation carried out by the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary.

2.   Including depreciation charge on account of revaluation of
Rs. 848.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2025 (year ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 812.5 million).

3.   Includes assets amounting to Rs. 1.9 million of the Bank
(March 31, 2024: Rs. 8.8 million) which are held for sale.

4.   At March 31, 2024, includes premises cost amounting to Rs.
3,723.1 million and accumulated depreciation amounting to Rs. 305.5 million pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
on becoming a subsidiary w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

5.   At March 31, 2024, includes other fixed assets cost amounting
to Rs. 12,054.0 million and accumulated depreciation amounting to Rs. 9,567.3 million pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited on becoming a subsidiary w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

6.   At March 31, 2024, includes other fixed assets cost amounting
to Rs. 47.5 million and accumulated depreciation amounting to Rs. 43.8 million pertaining to I-Process Services (India) Private Limited
on becoming a subsidiary w.e.f. March 20, 2024.

7.   Includes assets taken on lease by the Bank amounting to Rs.
2,198.8 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 1,185.7 million).

SCHEDULE
11 – OTHER ASSETS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I.   Inter-office adjustments (net)   ..   ..
II.   Interest accrued   238,378,033   208,551,090
III.   Tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net)   6,929,092   12,595,878
IV.   Stationery and stamps   275,386   251,899
V.   Non-banking
assets acquired in satisfaction of claims 1,2   ..   ..
VI.   Advance for capital assets   10,732,726   8,831,572
VII.   Deposits   107,877,248   72,688,283
VIII.   Deferred tax asset (net) (refer note 18.10)   48,410,016   63,115,807
IX.   Deposits in Rural Infrastructure and Development Fund   134,932,128   200,918,559
X.   Unrealised gain on foreign exchange and derivative contracts   161,647,519   169,989,164
XI.   Others   259,873,571   239,467,536
TOTAL OTHER ASSETS   969,055,719   976,409,788

1.   Assets amounting to Rs. 9.1 million were transferred from banking assets to non-banking
asset by the Bank during the year ended March 31, 2025 (year ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 2.6 million). Assets amounting to Rs. 727.1 million
were sold by the Bank during the year ended March 31, 2025 (year ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 827.7 million).

2.   Net of provision held by the Bank amounting to Rs. 27,475.0 million (March 31,
2024: Rs. 28,189.9 million).

F-
21

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

SCHEDULE
12 - CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024
I.   Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts   166,956,057   110,275,158
II.   Liability for partly paid investments   4,079,021   3,573,880
III.   Liability on account of outstanding forward exchange contracts 1   17,435,254,509   15,786,739,940
IV.   Guarantees given on behalf of constituents
a) In India   1,661,358,147   1,365,548,848
b) Outside India   120,341,685   121,463,607
V.   Acceptances, endorsements and other obligations   662,291,596   514,009,699
VI.   Currency swaps 1   770,171,066   541,254,033
VII.   Interest rate swaps, currency options and interest rate futures 1   57,930,748,878   39,017,579,690
VIII.   Other items for which the Group is contingently liable   98,806,905   117,718,482
TOTAL CONTINGENT LIABILITES   78,850,007,864   57,578,163,337

1.   Represents notional amount.

SCHEDULE
13 - INTEREST EARNED

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I.   Interest/discount on advances/bills   1,332,437,089   1,165,897,763   879,292,351
II.   Income on investments (including dividend)   473,025,439   381,070,710   279,050,297
III.   Interest on balances with Reserve Bank of India and other   inter-bank funds   34,286,557   26,498,839   23,054,570
IV.   Others 1,2   23,565,556   21,691,940   29,270,880
TOTAL INTEREST EARNED   1,863,314,641   1,595,159,252   1,210,668,098

1.   Includes interest on income tax refunds amounting to Rs. 2,034.7 million (March
31, 2024: Rs. 2,828.2 million).

2.   Includes interest and amortisation of premium on non-trading interest rate swaps
and foreign currency swaps.

F-
22

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

SCHEDULE
14 - OTHER INCOME

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I.   Commission, exchange and brokerage   277,661,551   235,718,656   196,484,672
II.   Profit/(loss) on sale of investments (net)   36,975,602   36,689,228   12,730,117
III.   Profit/(loss) on revaluation of investments (net)   15,364,503   1,182,467   (1,317,590   )
IV.   Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net) 1   439,077   144,093   542,579
V.   Profit/(loss) on exchange/derivative transactions (net)   39,505,447   30,860,575   30,509,008
VI.   Premium and other operating income from insurance business   709,008,343   458,528,108   411,367,848
VII.   Miscellaneous income (including lease income)   3,600,179   2,094,893   803,278
TOTAL OTHER INCOME   1,082,554,702   765,218,020   651,119,912

1.   Includes profit/(loss) on sale of assets given on lease.

SCHEDULE 15 - INTEREST EXPENDED

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I. Interest
    on deposits   716,478,741   587,844,555   394,765,407
II. Interest
    on Reserve Bank of India/inter-bank borrowings   41,684,988   32,114,853   13,380,975
III. Others
    (including interest on borrowings of erstwhile ICICI Limited)   132,112,800   121,122,219   97,287,497
TOTAL INTEREST EXPENDED   890,276,529   741,081,627   505,433,879

SCHEDULE
16 - OPERATING EXPENSES

(Rs. in thousands)

Year ended
March 31, 2025   March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I. Payments
    to and provisions for employees   236,299,361   191,719,774   152,341,687
II. Rent,
    taxes and lighting 1   22,804,087   17,054,394   15,846,567
III. Printing
    and stationery   3,185,496   3,610,245   2,713,187
IV. Advertisement
    and publicity   28,437,327   28,292,745   32,807,911
V. Depreciation
    on property   25,972,008   19,152,745   14,946,054
VI. Depreciation
    (including lease equalisation) on leased assets   301,152   199,361   199,538
VII. Directors'
    fees, allowances and expenses   209,214   146,009   137,405
VIII. Auditors'
    fees and expenses   348,676   264,719   248,666
IX. Law
    charges   1,904,460   1,494,968   1,771,894
X. Postages,
    courier, telephones, etc.   9,681,053   8,875,883   7,475,175
XI. Repairs
    and maintenance   38,200,665   36,171,827   34,644,161
XII. Insurance   15,714,195   16,843,829   14,788,575
XIII. Direct
    marketing agency expenses   24,057,542   37,986,800   32,599,179
XIV. Claims
    and benefits paid pertaining to insurance business   225,451,163   78,282,341   53,426,955
XV. Other
    expenses pertaining to insurance business 2   512,610,643   424,318,817   363,124,210
XVI. Other
    expenditure 3,4   132,822,729   113,413,465   97,319,068
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES   1,277,999,771   977,827,922   824,390,232

1.   Includes lease expense amounting to Rs. 17,106.1 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 13,877.7
million).

2.   Includes commission expenses and reserves for actuarial liabilities (including
the investible portion of the premium on the unit-linked policies).

3.   Includes expenses on purchase of Priority Sector Lending Certificates (PSLC) for
the Bank amounting to Rs. 20,038.5 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 16,428.5 million).

4.   Includes expenses on reward program by the Bank amounting to Rs. 21,651.0 million
(March 31, 2024: Rs. 18,414.8 million).

F-
23

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

SCHEDULE 17

Significant accounting policies

Overview

ICICI Bank Limited, together with its
subsidiaries and associates (collectively, the Group), is a diversified financial services group providing a wide range of banking and
financial services including commercial banking, retail banking, project and corporate finance, working capital finance, insurance, venture
capital and private equity, investment banking, broking and treasury products and services.

ICICI Bank Limited (‘the Bank’),
incorporated in Vadodara, India is a publicly held banking company governed by the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

Principles of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements
include the financials of ICICI Bank, its subsidiaries and associates.

Entities, in which the Bank holds, directly
or indirectly, through subsidiaries and other consolidating entities, more than 50.00% of the voting rights or where it exercises control,
over the composition of board of directors/governing body, are fully consolidated on a line-by-line basis in accordance with the provisions
of AS 21 on ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’. Investments in entities where the Bank has the ability to exercise significant
influence are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and the pro-rata share of their profit/(loss) is included in the consolidated
profit and loss account. The Bank does not consolidate entities where the significant influence/control is intended to be temporary or
entities which operate under severe long-term restrictions that impair their ability to transfer funds to parent/investing entity or where
the objective of control is not to obtain economic benefit from their activities. All significant inter-company balances and transactions
with subsidiaries and entities consolidated as per AS-21 have been eliminated on consolidation.

Basis of preparation

The accounting and reporting policies
of the Group used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements conform to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India
(‘Indian GAAP’), the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India (‘RBI’), Securities and Exchange Board of
India (‘SEBI’), Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (‘IRDAI’) from time to time and the Accounting
Standards notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and
Companies (Accounting Standard) Rule 2021, as applicable to relevant companies and practices generally prevalent in the banking industry
in India. In the case of the foreign subsidiaries, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles as applicable to the respective foreign subsidiaries
are followed. The Group follows the historical cost convention and the accrual method of accounting except where otherwise stated. Investments
of the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) are accounted for in accordance with the extant RBI guidelines
on Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2023. In case the accounting policies
followed by a subsidiary are different from those followed by the Bank, the same have been disclosed in the respective accounting policy.

F-
24

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that are considered in the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
(including contingent liabilities) as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported income and expenses during
the reporting period. Management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are prudent
and reasonable. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The impact of any revision in these estimates is recognised prospectively
from the period of change.

The consolidated financial statements include the results
of the following entities in addition to the Bank.

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Country of incorporation   Nature of relationship   Nature of business   Ownership interest
1.   ICICI Bank UK PLC   United Kingdom   Subsidiary   Banking   100.00%
2.   ICICI Bank Canada   Canada   Subsidiary   Banking   100.00%
3.   ICICI Securities Limited 1   India   Subsidiary   Securities broking and merchant banking   100.00%
4.   ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. 2   USA   Subsidiary   Holding company   100.00%
5.   ICICI Securities Inc. 2   USA   Subsidiary   Securities broking   100.00%
6.   ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   India   Subsidiary   Securities investment, trading and underwriting   100.00%
7.   ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Private equity/venture capital fund management   100.00%
8.   ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Housing finance   100.00%
9.   ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   India   Subsidiary   Trusteeship services   100.00%
10.   ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Asset management and Investment advisory   100.00%

F-
25

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Country of incorporation   Nature of relationship   Nature of business   Ownership interest
11.   ICICI International Limited   Mauritius   Subsidiary   Asset management   100.00%
12.   ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited 3   India   Subsidiary   Pension fund management and Points of Presence   100.00%
13.   ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Life insurance   51.03%
14.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 4   India   Subsidiary   General insurance   51.55%
15.   ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Asset management   51.00%
16.   ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   India   Subsidiary   Trusteeship services   50.80%
17.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited 5   India   Subsidiary   Manpower support services   100.00%
18.   ICICI Strategic Investments Fund   India   Consolidated as per AS 21   Venture capital fund   100.00%
19.   FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) 6,7   India   Associate   Merchant acquiring and servicing   19.01%
20.   NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited 7   India   Associate   Education and training in banking, finance and insurance   18.79%

F-
26

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Country of incorporation   Nature of relationship   Nature of business   Ownership interest
21.   India Infradebt Limited 7   India   Associate   Infrastructure re-finance   42.33%
22.   India Advantage Fund-III 7   India   Associate   Venture capital fund   24.10%
23.   India Advantage Fund-IV 7   India   Associate   Venture capital fund   47.14%
24.   Arteria Technologies Private Limited 7   India   Associate   Software company   19.98%

1.   On March 24, 2025, ICICI Securities Limited became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Bank.

2.   ICICI Securities Holding Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Limited.
ICICI Securities Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.

3.   ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

4.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

5.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024.

6.   The Bank had executed a share purchase agreement for sale of its entire shareholding
of 19.01% in the equity shares of FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited), an associate
of the Bank, on March 29, 2025. The share transfer was completed subsequently and FISERV ceased to be an associate of the Bank effective
April 17, 2025.

7.   These entities have been accounted as per the equity method as prescribed by AS-23
on ‘Accounting for Investments in Associates in Consolidated Financial Statements’.

Falcon Tyres Limited, in which
the Bank holds 26.39% equity shares has not been accounted as per equity method under AS-23, since the investment is temporary in nature.
During year ended March 31, 2024, Comm Trade Services Limited had not been consolidated under AS-21, since the investment was temporary
in nature. During` the year ended March 31, 2025, Comm Trade Services Limited has been wound up.

F-
27

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

1.   Revenue recognition

a)   Interest income is recognised in the profit and loss account as it accrues, except
in the case of non-performing assets (NPAs) where it is recognised upon realisation, as per the income recognition and asset classification
norms of RBI/NHB/other applicable guidelines.

b)   Income on discounted instruments is recognised over the tenure of the instrument
on a constant yield basis.

c)   Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive the dividend
is established.

d)   Loan processing fee is accounted for upfront when it becomes due except in the case
of foreign banking subsidiaries, where it is amortised over the period of the loan.

e)   Project appraisal/structuring fee is accounted for on the completion of the agreed
service.

f)   Arranger fee is accounted for as income when a significant portion of the arrangement
is completed and right to receive is established.

g)   Commission received on guarantees and letters of credit issued is amortised on a
straight-line basis over the period of the guarantee/letters of credit.

h)   The annual/renewal fee on credit cards, debit cards and prepaid cards are amortised
on a straight-line basis over one year.

i)   Fees paid/received for priority sector lending certificates (PSLC) is amortised
on straight-line basis over the period of the certificate.

j)   Penal charge is recognised as income on realisation basis.

k)   All other fees are accounted for as and when they become due where the Group is
reasonably certain of ultimate collection.

l)   Fund management and portfolio management fees are recognised on an accrual basis.

m)   Income from securities brokerage activities is recognised as income on the trade
date of the transaction. Brokerage income in relation to public or other issuances of securities is recognised based on mobilisation and
terms of agreement with the client.

n)   Life insurance premium for non-linked policies is recognised as income (net of goods
and service tax) when due from policyholders. For unit linked business, premium is recognised when the associated units are created. Premium
on lapsed policies is recognised as income when such policies are reinstated. Top-up premiums paid by unit linked policyholders’
are considered as single

F-
28

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

premium. Income from unit linked
policies, which includes fund management charges, policy administration charges, mortality charges and other charges, if any, are recovered
from the linked funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of the policy and are recognised when due.

o)   In case of general insurance business, premium including reinsurance accepted (net
of goods & services tax) other than for multi-year (with term more than one year) motor insurance policies for new cars and new two
wheelers issued on or after September 1, 2018 and other long-term product (as defined in master circular on IRDAI (Insurance Products)
Regulations, 2024 – General Insurance dated June 11, 2024) insurance policies issued on or after October 1, 2024, is recorded on
receipt of complete information, for the policy period at the commencement of risk. For government sponsored crop insurance, the premium
is accounted based on management estimates that are progressively actualised on receipt of information. For installment cases, premium
is recorded on installment due dates. Reinstatement premium is recorded as and when such premiums are recovered. Premium earned including
reinstatement premium and reinsurance accepted is recognised as income over the period of risk or the contract period based on 1/365 method,
whichever is appropriate on a gross basis other than instalment premiums received for group health policies, wherein the instalment premiums
are recognised over the balance policy period. Any subsequent revisions to premium as and when they occur are recognised over the remaining
period of risk or contract period, as applicable.

In case of multi-year motor
insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers (third party liability coverage) issued on or after September 1, 2018 and other
long-term products (as defined in master circular on IRDAI (Insurance Products) Regulations, 2024 - General Insurance dated June 11,
2024) issued on or after October 1, 2024, premium received (net of goods & services tax) is recognised equally over the policy
period at the commencement of risk on 1/n basis where “n” denotes the policy duration and premium received for own
damage coverage under multi-year motor policy up to October 1, 2024 is recognised in accordance with movement of Insured Declared
Value (IDV) over the period of risk, on receipt of complete information. Reinstatement premium is recorded as and when such premiums
are recovered. Premium allocated for the year is recognised as income earned based on 1/365 method, on a gross basis. Reinstatement
premium is allocated on the same basis as the original premium over the balance term of the policy. Any subsequent revisions to
premium as and when they occur are recognised on the same basis as the original premium over the balance term of the policy.
Adjustments to premium income arising on cancellation of policies are recognised in the period in which the policies are cancelled.
Adjustments to premium income for corrections to area covered under government sponsored crop insurance are recognised in the period
in which the information is confirmed by the concerned government/nodal agency. Commission on reinsurance ceded is recognised as
income in the period of ceding the risk. Profit commission under reinsurance treaties, wherever applicable, is recognised as income
in the year of final determination of profits as confirmed by reinsurers and combined with commission on reinsurance ceded. Sliding
scale commission under reinsurance treaties, wherever applicable, is determined at every balance sheet date as per terms of the
respective treaties. Any changes in the previously accrued commission is recognised immediately and any additional accrual is
recognised on confirmation from reinsurers. Such commission is combined with commission on reinsurance ceded.

F-
29

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

p)   In case of life insurance business, reinsurance premium ceded/accepted is accounted
in accordance with the terms of the relevant treaties/arrangements with the reinsurer/insurer. Premium ceded on reinsurance is net of
profit commission on reinsurance ceded.

q)   In case of general insurance business, insurance premium on ceding of the risk other
than for multi-year motor insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers issued on or after September 1, 2018 and other long-term
product insurance policies issued on or after October 1, 2024, is recognised simultaneously along with the insurance premium in accordance
with reinsurance arrangements with the reinsurers. In case of multi-year motor insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers issued
on or after September 1, 2018 and other long-term product insurance policies issued on or after October 1, 2024, reinsurance premium is
recognised on the insurance premium allocated for the year simultaneously along with the recognition of the insurance premium in accordance
with the reinsurance arrangements with the reinsurers. Any subsequent revision to premium ceded is recognised in the period of such revision.
Adjustment to reinsurance premium arising on cancellation of policies is recognised in the period in which the policies are cancelled.
Adjustments to reinsurance premium for corrections to area covered under crop insurance are recognised simultaneously along with related
premium income.

In the case of general insurance
business, premium deficiency is recognised when the sum of expected claim costs and related expenses and maintenance costs (related to
claims handling) exceed the reserve for unexpired risks and is computed at a segmental revenue account level. The premium deficiency is
calculated and duly certified by the Appointed Actuary.

2.   Investments

i)   Investments of the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries)
are accounted for in accordance with the extant RBI guidelines on classification, valuation and operation of investment portfolio by Banks.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) follows trade date method of accounting for purchase and sale of investments, except for government
of India and state government securities where settlement date method of accounting is followed in accordance with RBI guidelines.

Till March 31, 2024, the Bank had
been following accounting policies for investments primarily based on the Master Direction - Classification, Valuation and Operation of
Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2021 where securities were valued scrip-wise and classified into ‘Held to
Maturity’ (HTM), ‘Available for Sale’ (AFS) and ‘Held for Trading’ (HFT). Depreciation/appreciation on securities
was aggregated for each category. Net appreciation in each category under each investment classification, if any, being unrealised, was
ignored, while net depreciation in each category was provided. HTM securities were carried at their acquisition cost or at amortised cost,
if acquired at a premium over the face value. Any premium over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate securities acquired was
amortised over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. Other domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) were following generally accepted accounting principles in India (Indian GAAP).

F-
30

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

With effect from April 1, 2024,
the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) implemented the Master Direction - Classification, Valuation and
Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2023 and transitional adjustments has been recorded as per the directions.
Accordingly, the significant accounting policies with respect to investments have been modified as stated below:

a.   All investments are recognised at fair value on initial recognition, primarily the
acquisition cost. Where facts and circumstances suggest that the fair value is materially different from the acquisition cost, the difference
between the fair value and the acquisition cost is recognised in accordance with RBI guidelines.

b.   All investments are classified into ‘Held to Maturity’ (HTM), ‘Available
for Sale’ (AFS) and ‘Fair value through Profit and Loss account’ (FVTPL) including ‘Held for Trading’ (HFT)
which is a separate investment sub-category within FVTPL on the date of purchase as per the extant RBI guidelines on classification, valuation
and operation of investment portfolio by Banks. Under each classification, the investments are further categorised as (a) government securities,
(b) other approved securities, (c) shares, (d) bonds and debentures, and (e) others. Further, all the investments including debt investments
in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are classified in separate category.

c.   Investments are classified as HTM if:

1)   the security is acquired with the intention and objective of holding it to maturity,
i.e., the financial assets are held with an objective to collect the contractual cash flows; and

2)   the contractual terms of the security give rise to cash flows that are solely payments
of principal and interest on principal outstanding (‘SPPI criterion’) on specified dates.

HTM securities are carried at cost.
Any premium or discount over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered securities acquired is amortised over the remaining
period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively.

d.   Investments are classified as AFS if:

1)   the security is acquired with an objective that is achieved by both collecting contractual
cash flows and selling securities; and

2)   the contractual terms of the security meet the ‘SPPI criterion’.

Further, certain equity investments
are also designated as AFS investments, where on initial recognition; the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries)
has made an irrevocable election to classify such equity investments as AFS investments.

Investments classified as AFS are
fair valued periodically as per RBI guidelines. Any premium or discount over/below the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered
securities acquired is amortised over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively.
The unrealised gain or loss across all performing AFS investments (adjusted for effect of taxes, if any) is recognised in ‘AFS reserves’.

e.   Securities that do not qualify for inclusion in HTM or AFS are classified under
FVTPL. There is a separate sub-category called HFT within FVTPL. The HFT investments primarily include listed

F-
31

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

equity investments (except for
equity investments designated as AFS investments) and debt securities acquired with an intent to sale.

Investments classified as FVTPL
are fair valued periodically as per RBI guidelines. Any premium or discount over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered
securities acquired which pass the SPPI criterion is amortised over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight
line basis respectively. The unrealised gain or loss across all performing FVTPL investments is aggregated across all categories and net
appreciation/depreciation is recognised in profit and loss account.

f.   All investments (including debt and equity) in subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures are held at acquisition cost. Any premium or discount over/below the face value of fixed rate and floating rate/staggered securities
acquired is amortised over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. The Bank and
domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) assesses investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates for any other
than temporary diminution in value and appropriate provisions are made.

g.   Costs, including brokerage and commission pertaining to trading book investments
paid at the time of acquisition and broken period interest (the amount of interest from the previous interest payment date till the date
of purchase of instruments) on debt instruments, are charged to the profit and loss account.

h.   For the purpose of initial recognition and subsequent measurement investments are
fair valued based on RBI guidelines. Securities are valued scrip-wise.

i.   Quoted investments are valued based on the closing quotes on the recognised stock
exchanges or prices declared by Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association (FIMMDA)/Financial Benchmark India Private Limited
(FBIL), periodically.

j.   The market/fair value of unquoted government securities which are in the nature
of Statutory Liquidity Ratio (SLR) securities included in the AFS and FVTPL categories is as per the rates published by FBIL and for unquoted
corporate bonds, security level valuation (SLV) published by FIMMDA. The valuation of other unquoted fixed income securities, including
Pass Through Certificates, wherever linked to the Yield-to-Maturity (YTM) rates, is computed with a mark-up (reflecting associated credit
risk) over the YTM rates for government securities published by FIMMDA. The sovereign foreign securities and non-INR India linked bonds
are valued on the basis of prices published by the sovereign regulator or counterparty quotes.

k.   Treasury bills, commercial papers and certificate of deposits being discounted instruments,
are valued at carrying cost.

l.   The units of mutual funds are valued at the latest repurchase price/net asset value
declared by the mutual fund. Unquoted equity shares are valued at the break-up value, if the latest balance sheet is available, or at
Rs.1, as per RBI guidelines.

F-
32

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

m.   Investments in units of Venture Capital Funds (VCFs)/Alternative Investment Funds
(AIFs) are categorised under FVTPL and are valued at the net asset value (NAV) declared by the VCFs/AIFs respectively. If the latest NAV
is not available continuously for more than 18 months, the units of VCFs/AIFs are valued at Rs. 1, as per RBI guidelines.

n.   The units of Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvIT) are valued as per the quoted
price available on the exchange.

o.   At the end of each reporting period, security receipts issued by the asset reconstruction
companies are valued in accordance with the guidelines applicable to such instruments, prescribed by RBI from time to time. Accordingly,
in cases where the cash flows from security receipts issued by the asset reconstruction companies are limited to the actual realisation
of the financial assets assigned to the instruments in the concerned scheme, the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries)
reckons the net asset value obtained from the asset reconstruction company from time to time, for valuation of such investments at each
reporting period end. The Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) makes additional provisions on the security
receipts based on the remaining period for the resolution period to end. The security receipts which are outstanding and not redeemed
as at the end of the resolution period are treated as loss assets and are fully provided. The provision on the fully provided security
receipts including receipts guaranteed by Government of India, is reversed through profit and loss account on actual receipts of recoveries
or approval of claims, if any, by the Government of India.

p.   Impairment of non-performing investments is made as per internal provisioning norms,
subject to minimum provisioning requirements of RBI.

q.   Gain/loss on sale of investments except AFS equity investments is recognised in
the profit and loss account. Cost of investments is computed based on the First-In-First-Out (FIFO) method. The realised gain or loss
on AFS equity investments is recognised in AFS reserve. Further, the profit from sale of HTM investments, investments in subsidiaries,
joint ventures and associates and equity AFS investments, net of taxes and transfer to statutory reserve is appropriated to “Capital
Reserve” in accordance with the RBI guidelines.

r.   The Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) undertakes
short sale transactions in dated central government securities in accordance with RBI guidelines. The short positions are categorised
under HFT category and are marked-to-market. The mark-to-market gain/loss is charged to profit and loss account as per RBI guidelines.

s.   Market repurchase, reverse repurchase and transactions with RBI under Liquidity
Adjustment Facility (LAF)/Marginal Standing Facility (MSF) are accounted for as borrowing and lending transactions in accordance with
the extant RBI guidelines.

ii)   The Bank’s overseas banking subsidiaries account for unrealised gain/loss,
net of tax, on investment in ‘AFS’/‘Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income’ (FVOCI) category directly in
AFS reserves. Further unrealised gain/loss on investment in ‘HFT’/‘Fair Value Through Profit and Loss’

F-
33

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

(FVTPL) category is accounted directly
in the profit and loss account. Investments in ‘HTM’/‘amortised cost’ category are carried at amortised cost.

In the case of life and general
insurance businesses, investments are made in accordance with the Insurance Act, 1938 (amended by the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act,
2015), the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Actuarial, Finance and Investment Functions of Insurers) Regulations,
2024 and various other circulars/notifications issued by the IRDAI in this context from time to time.

In the case of life insurance business,
valuation of investments (other than linked business) is done on the following basis:

a.   All debt securities including government securities and redeemable preference shares
are considered as ‘held to maturity’ and stated at historical cost, subject to amortisation of premium or accretion of discount
over the period of maturity/holding on a constant yield basis.

b.   Listed equity shares and equity exchange traded funds (ETF) are stated at fair value
being the last quoted closing price on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) (or BSE, in case the investments are not listed on NSE). Unlisted
equity shares are stated at acquisition cost less impairment, if any. Equity shares lent under the Securities Lending and Borrowing scheme
(SLB) continue to be recognised in the Balance Sheet as the Company retains all the associated risks and rewards of these securities.
Non-traded and thinly traded equity shares are valued at last available price on NSE/BSE or the value derived using valuation principle
of net worth per share, whichever is lower. Equity shares are classified as non-traded if the same is not quoted on NSE/BSE for preceding
30 days from the valuation date.

c.   Mutual fund units are valued based on the previous day’s net asset value.

Unrealised gains/losses arising
due to changes in the fair value of listed equity shares and mutual fund units are taken to ‘Revenue and other reserves’ and
‘Liabilities on policies in force’ in the balance sheet for Shareholders’ fund and Policyholders’ fund respectively
for life insurance business.

In the case of general
insurance business, valuation of investments is done on the following basis:

a.   All debt securities including government securities, money market instruments, non-convertible
and redeemable preference shares and excluding Additional Tier-1 perpetual bonds are considered as ‘held to maturity’ and
accordingly stated at amortised cost determined after amortisation of premium or accretion of discount over the holding/maturity period
in accordance with income recognition policy.

Additional
Tier-1 perpetual bonds

Additional Tier-1 perpetual bond investments
are valued at fair value using market yield rates published by rating agency registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(SEBI).

F-
34

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

b.   Listed equities and convertible preference shares at the balance sheet date are
stated at fair value, being the last quoted closing price on the NSE and in case these are not listed on NSE, then based on the last quoted
closing price on the BSE.

c.   Mutual fund investments (other than venture capital fund) are stated at fair value,
being the closing net asset value at balance sheet date.

d.   Investments other than mentioned above are valued at cost.

Unrealised gains/losses arising due
to changes in the fair value of listed equity shares, convertible preference shares and mutual fund investments and Additional Tier-I
perpetual bonds are taken to ‘Revenue and other reserves’ in the balance sheet for general insurance business.

Insurance subsidiaries assess at each
balance sheet date whether there is any indication that any investment may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the carrying value
of such investment is reduced to its recoverable amount and the impairment loss is recognised in the revenue(s)/profit and loss account.
The previously impaired loss is also reversed on disposal/realisation of securities and results thereon are recognised.

The total proportion of investments
other than linked investments, for which subsidiaries have applied accounting policies different from the Bank as mentioned above, is
approximately 22.66% of the total investments at March 31, 2025.

3.   Loans and other credit facilities

i)   The Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) classifies
its loans and investments, including at overseas branches and overdues arising from crystallised derivative contracts, into performing
and NPAs in accordance with RBI guidelines. Loans and advances held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host
country regulations but which are standard as per the extant RBI guidelines, are classified as NPAs to the extent of amount outstanding
in the respective host country. Further, NPAs are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated
by RBI. Interest on non-performing advances is transferred to an interest suspense account and not recognised in profit and loss account
until received.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) considers an account as restructured, where for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s
financial difficulty, the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) grants concessions to the borrower, that the
Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) would not otherwise consider. The moratorium granted to the borrowers
based on RBI guidelines is not accounted as restructuring of loan. Certain specified guidelines by RBI requires the asset classification
to be maintained as “Standard”. Therefore, the borrowers where resolution plan was implemented under these guidelines are
classified as standard restructured.

F-
35

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Non-performing and restructured loans
are upgraded to standard as per the extant RBI guidelines or host country regulations, as applicable.

In the case of corporate loans and
advances, provisions are made for sub-standard and doubtful assets as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning
requirements of RBI. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful assets are fully provided. For impaired loans and advances held
in overseas branches, which are performing as per RBI guidelines, provisions are made as per the host country regulations. For loans and
advances held in overseas branches, which are NPAs both as per the RBI guidelines and host country guidelines, provisions are made at
the higher of the provisions required as per internal provisioning norms and host country guidelines, provisions on non-performing retail
loans and advances, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of RBI, are made on the basis of the ageing of the loan. The specific
provisions on non-performing loans and advances held by the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding insurance subsidiaries) are higher
than the minimum regulatory requirements.

In respect of non-retail loans reported
as fraud to RBI, the entire amount is provided over a period not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in which fraud has
been detected. In respect of non-retail loans where there has been delay in reporting the fraud to the RBI or which are classified as
loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In case of fraud in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately.
In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative borrowers or willful defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per RBI
guidelines.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and advances, and against certain performing
loans and advances in accordance with RBI directions.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) makes provision on restructured loans subject to minimum requirements as per RBI guidelines. Provision
due to diminution in the fair value of restructured/rescheduled loans and advances is made in accordance with the applicable RBI guidelines.

The NPAs are written-off in accordance
with the internal policy and in accordance with RBI guidelines. Amounts recovered against bad debts written-off are recognised in the
profit and loss account.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) maintains general provision on performing loans and advances in accordance with the RBI guidelines,
including provisions on loans to borrowers having unhedged foreign currency exposure, provisions on loans to specific borrowers in specific
stressed sector, provision on exposures to step-down subsidiaries of Indian companies and provision on incremental exposure to borrowers
identified as per RBI’s large exposure framework. For performing loans and advances in overseas branches, the general provision
is made at higher of aggregate provision required as per host country regulations and RBI requirement.

F-
36

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

In addition to the provisions required
to be held according to the asset classification status, provisions are held for individual country exposures including indirect country
risk (other than for home country exposure). The countries are categorised into seven risk categories namely insignificant, low, moderately
low, moderate, moderately high, high and very high, and provisioning is made on exposures with contractual maturity exceeding 180 days
on a graded scale ranging from 0.25% to 25%. For exposures with contractual maturity of less than 180 days, provision is required to be
held at 25% of the rates applicable to exposures exceeding 180 days. The indirect exposure is reckoned at 50% of the exposure. If the
Bank’s net funded exposure in respect of a country is less than 1% of its total assets, no provision is required on such country
exposure.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries) makes additional provisions as per RBI guidelines for the cases where viable resolution plan has not
been implemented within the timelines prescribed by the RBI from the date of default. These additional provisions are written-back on
satisfying the conditions for reversal as per RBI guidelines.

The Bank and domestic subsidiaries
(excluding insurance subsidiaries), on prudent basis, has made contingency provision on certain loan portfolios, following the Covid-19
pandemics as well as specific geo-political escalations. The Bank also makes additional contingency provision on certain standard assets.
The contingency provision is included in ‘Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

The Bank has a Board approved policy
for making floating provision, which is in addition to the specific and general provisions made by the Bank. The floating provision can
be utilised, with the approval of Board and RBI, in case of contingencies which do not arise in the normal course of business and are
exceptional and non-recurring in nature and for making specific provision for impaired loans as per the requirement if extant RBI guidelines
or any regulatory guidance/instructions. The floating provision is netted-off from advances.

ii)   In the case of the Bank’s UK subsidiary, loans are stated net of allowance
for credit losses. Loans are classified as impaired and impairment losses are incurred only if there is objective evidence of impairment
as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition on the loan (a loss event) and that loss event (or events)
has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. An allowance for impairment losses is maintained
at a level that management considers adequate to absorb identified credit related losses as well as losses that have occurred but have
not yet been identified.

iii)   The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary measures impairment loss on all financial assets
using expected credit loss (ECL) model based on a three-stage approach. The ECL for financial assets that are not credit-impaired and
for which there is no significant increase in credit risk since origination, is computed using 12-month probability of default (PD) and
represents the lifetime cash shortfalls that will result if a default occurs in next 12 months. The ECL for financial assets, that are
not credit-impaired but have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since origination, is computed using a life time PD, and
represents lifetime cash shortfalls that will result if a default occurs during the expected life of
financial assets. A financial asset is considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
future cash flows of that

F-
37

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

financial asset have occurred. The
allowance for credit losses for impaired financial assets is computed based on individual assessment of expected cash flows from such
assets.

The total proportion of loans for
which subsidiaries have applied accounting policies different from the Bank as mentioned above, is approximately 2.74 % of the total loans
at March 31, 2025.

4.   Transfer and servicing of assets

The Bank transfers commercial and
consumer loans through securitisation transactions. The transferred loans are de-recognised and gains/losses are accounted, only if the
Bank surrenders the rights to benefits specified in the underlying securitised loan contract. Recourse and servicing obligations are accounted
for net of provisions.

In accordance with the RBI guidelines
for securitisation of standard assets, with effect from February 1, 2006, the profit/premium arising from securitisation is amortised
over the life of the securities issued or to be issued by the special purpose vehicle to which the assets are sold. With effect from May
7, 2012, the RBI guidelines require the profit/premium arising from securitisation to be amortised based on the method prescribed in the
guidelines. As per the RBI guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, gain realised at the time of securitisation of loans is accounted
through profit and loss account on completion of transaction. The Bank accounts for any loss arising from securitisation immediately at
the time of sale.

The unrealised gains, associated
with expected future margin income is recognised in profit and loss account on receipt of cash, after absorbing losses, if any.

Net income arising from sale of
loan assets through direct assignment with recourse obligation is amortised over the life of underlying assets sold and net income from
sale of loan assets through direct assignment, without any recourse obligation, is recognised at the time of sale. Net loss arising on
account of direct assignment of loan assets is recognised at the time of sale. As per the RBI guidelines issued on September 24,
2021, any loss or realised gain from sale of loan assets through direct assignment is accounted through profit and loss account on completion
of transaction.

The acquired loans is carried at
acquisition cost. In case premium is paid on a loan acquired, premium is amortised over the loan tenure.

In accordance with RBI guidelines,
in case of non-performing loans sold to Asset Reconstruction Companies (ARCs), the Bank reverses the excess provision in profit and loss
account in the year in which amounts are received. Any shortfall of sale value over the net book value on sale of such assets is recognised
by the Bank in the year in which the loan is sold.

The Canadian subsidiary has entered
into securitisation arrangements in respect of its originated and purchased mortgages. ICICI Bank Canada either retains substantially
all the risk and rewards or retains control over these mortgages, hence these arrangements do not qualify for de-recognition accounting
under their local accounting standards. It continues to recognise the mortgages securitised as “Loans and Advances” and the
amounts received through securitisation are recognised as “Other borrowings”.

F-
38

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

5.   Fixed assets (Property, Plant and Equipment)

Fixed assets, other than premises
of the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. In case of the
Bank and its housing finance subsidiary, premises are carried at revalued amount, being fair value at the date of revaluation less accumulated
depreciation. Cost includes freight, duties, taxes and incidental expenses related to the acquisition and installation of the asset.

Depreciation is charged over the
estimated useful life of fixed assets on a straight-line basis. Assets purchased/sold during the year are depreciated on a pro-rata basis
for the actual number of days the asset has been capitalised. The Group assets individually costing up to Rs. 5,000/- are depreciated
fully in the year of acquisition.

In case of revalued/impaired assets,
depreciation is provided over the remaining useful life of the assets with reference to revised asset values. In case of premises, which
are carried at revalued amounts, the depreciation on the excess of revalued amount over historical cost is transferred from Revaluation
Reserve to General Reserve annually. Profit on sale of premises by the Bank is appropriated to Capital Reserve, net of transfer to Statutory
Reserve and taxes, in accordance with RBI guidelines.

The useful lives of the groups of
fixed assets are given below.

Assets   Useful life
Premises   60 years
Lease assets and improvement to leasehold properties   60 years or lease period whichever is lower
ATMs 1,2   5 - 8 years
Plant and Machinery 1 (including office equipment)   3 - 10 years
Electric installation and equipments   3 - 15 years
Computers   3 - 4 years
Servers and network equipment 1   3 - 10 years
Furniture and fixtures 1   3 - 10 years
Motor vehicles 1   5 years
Others (including software) 1,3   2 - 6 years

1.   The useful life of fixed assets is based on historical experience
of the Group, which is different from the useful life as prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013.

2.   Cash acceptor machine.

3.   Excludes software, which are procured based on licensing arrangements
and depreciated over the period of license.

4.   Assets at residences of Bank’s employees are depreciated
over the estimated useful life of 5 years.

Non-banking assets

Non-banking assets (NBAs) acquired
in satisfaction of claims are valued at the market value on a distress sale basis or value of loan, whichever is lower. Further, the Bank
creates provision on these assets as per the extant RBI guidelines or specific RBI directions.

F-
39

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

6.   Translation of foreign currency items

The consolidated financial statements
of the Group are reported in Indian rupees (Rs.), the national currency of India. Foreign currency income and expenditure items of domestic
operations are translated at the exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. Income and expenditure items of integral foreign
operations (representative offices) are translated at daily closing rates, and income and expenditure items of non-integral foreign operations
(foreign branches, offshore banking units and foreign subsidiaries) are translated at quarterly average closing rates.

Monetary foreign currency assets and
liabilities of domestic and integral foreign operations are translated at closing exchange rates notified by Foreign Exchange Dealers’
Association of India (FEDAI) relevant to the balance sheet date and the resulting gains/losses are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Both monetary and non-monetary foreign
currency assets and liabilities of non-integral foreign operations are translated at relevant closing exchange rates notified by FEDAI
at the balance sheet date and the resulting gains/losses from exchange differences are accumulated in the foreign currency translation
reserve until the disposal of the net investment in the non-integral foreign operations. Pursuant to RBI guideline, the Bank does not
recognise the cumulative/proportionate amount of such exchange differences as income or expenses, which relate to repatriation of accumulated
retained earnings from overseas operations, in the profit and loss account.

Contingent liabilities on account of
guarantees, endorsements and other obligations denominated in foreign currencies are disclosed at the closing exchange rates notified
by FEDAI relevant to the balance sheet date.

7.   Foreign exchange and derivative contracts

Derivative transactions comprises of
forward contracts, futures, swaps and options. The Group undertakes derivative transactions for trading and hedging balance sheet assets
and liabilities.

The forward exchange contracts that
are not intended for trading and are entered into to establish the amount of reporting currency required or available at the settlement
date of a transaction are effectively valued at closing spot rate. The premium or discount arising on inception of such forward exchange
contracts is amortised over the life of the contract as interest income/expense. All other outstanding forward exchange contracts are
revalued based on the exchange rates notified by FEDAI for specified maturities and at interpolated rates for contracts of interim maturities.
The contracts of longer maturities where exchange rates are not notified by FEDAI are revalued based on the forward exchange rates implied
by the swap curves in respective currencies. The resultant gains or losses are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The swap contracts entered to hedge
on-balance sheet assets and liabilities are structured such that they bear an opposite and offsetting impact with the underlying on-balance
sheet items. The impact of such derivative instruments is correlated with the movement of underlying assets and liabilities and accounted
pursuant to the principles of hedge accounting. The Group identifies the hedged item (asset or liability) at the inception of the transaction
itself. Hedge effectiveness is ascertained at the time of the inception of the hedge and periodically thereafter. Based on RBI circular
issued on June 26, 2019, the accounting of hedge relationships established after June 26, 2019 is in accordance with the Guidance note
on Accounting for Derivative Contracts issued by ICAI. The swaps under hedge relationships established prior to that date are accounted

F-
40

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

for on an accrual basis and are not
marked to market unless their underlying transaction is marked-to-market. Gains or losses arising from hedge ineffectiveness, if any,
are recognised in the profit and loss account except in the case of the Bank’s overseas banking subsidiaries.

In overseas subsidiaries, in case of
fair value hedge, the hedging transactions and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) are measured at fair value with changes recognised
in the profit and loss account and in case of cash flow hedges, changes in the fair value of effective portion of the cash flow hedge
are taken to ‘Revenue and other reserves’ and ineffective portion, if any, are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The derivative contracts entered into for trading purposes are marked to market and the resulting gain or loss is accounted for in the
profit and loss account. Marked to market values of such derivatives are classified as assets when the fair value is positive or as liabilities
when the fair value is negative. Premium for Foreign currency/ Indian rupees option transaction is recognised as income/expense on expiry
or early termination of the transaction. Mark to market gain/loss (adjusted for premium received/paid on options contracts) is recorded
in the profit and loss account. The gain or loss arising on unwinding or termination of the contracts, is accounted for in the profit
and loss account. Currency futures contracts are marked to market using daily settlement price on a trading day, which is the closing
price of the respective futures contracts on that day. Pursuant to RBI guidelines, any receivables under derivative contracts which remain
overdue for more than 90 days and mark-to-market gains on other derivative contracts with the same counter-parties are reversed through
the profit and loss account.

8.   Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS) and Employee Stock Unit Scheme (ESUS)

The following entities within the Group have granted stock options/units to their employees:

·   ICICI Bank Limited

·   ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

·   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

·   ICICI Securities Limited

The Employees Stock Option Scheme - 2000 (Option Scheme) of the Bank provides for grant of options on the Bank’s equity shares to
wholetime directors and employees of the Bank and its subsidiaries. The options granted vest in a graded manner and may be exercised within
a specified period.

The Employees Stock Unit Scheme - 2022
(Unit Scheme) provides for grant of units at face value to the eligible employees of the Bank and its subsidiaries. The units granted
vest in a graded manner and as per vesting criteria and may be exercised within a specified period.

Till March 31, 2021, the Bank recognised
cost of stock options granted under Employee Stock Option Scheme, using intrinsic value method. Under intrinsic value method, options
cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair market price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on the grant date.

Pursuant to RBI clarification dated
August 30, 2021, the cost of stock options/units granted after March 31, 2021 is recognised based on fair value method. The cost of stock
options/units granted up to March 31, 2021 continues to be recognised on intrinsic value method. The Bank uses Black-Scholes model to
fair value the

F-
41

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

options/units on the grant date and
the inputs used in the valuation model include assumptions such as the expected life of the share option/units, volatility, risk free
rate and dividend yield.

The cost of stock options/units is recognised
in the profit and loss account over the vesting period.

In case of modification/cancellations
and replacements of options/units already granted, the Bank measures the incremental fair value of options/units as a difference between
the fair value of modified options/units and that of the original options/units both measured on the modification date and recognises
the same over the remaining vesting period.

On exercise of the stock options/units,
corresponding balance in Employee Stock Options/Units Outstanding is transferred to Securities Premium. In respect of the options/units
lapses, the corresponding balance in Employee Stock Options/Units Outstanding is transferred to General Reserve.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited have also formulated similar stock options/units
schemes for their employees for grant of equity shares of their respective companies. The intrinsic value method is followed by ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited to account for their stock-based employee
compensation plans. Compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair market price of the underlying stock over the exercise
price on the grant date and amortised over the vesting period. The fair market price is the closing price on the stock exchange with the
highest trading volume of the underlying shares of the Bank, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited, immediately prior to the grant date.

9.   Employee benefits

Gratuity

The Group pays gratuity, a defined benefit
plan, to employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service and in case of employees at overseas locations
as per the rules in force in the respective countries. The Group makes contribution to recognised trusts which administer the funds on
their own account or through insurance companies.

Actuarial valuation of the gratuity
liability is determined by an independent actuary appointed by the Group. Actuarial valuation of gratuity liability is determined based
on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected unit credit method.
The actuarial gains or losses arising during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Superannuation Fund and National
Pension Scheme

The Bank has a superannuation fund,
a defined contribution plan, which is administered by trustees and managed by insurance companies. The Bank contributes maximum 15.0%
of the total annual basic salary for certain employees to superannuation funds. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, ICICI
Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited and ICICI
Investment Management Company Limited have

F-
42

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

accounted for superannuation liability
based on a percentage of basic salary payable to eligible employees for the period of service.

The Group contributes up to 10.0%
of the total basic salary of certain employees to National Pension Scheme (NPS), a defined contribution plan, which is managed and
administered by pension fund management companies. The employees are given an option to receive the amount in cash in lieu of such
contributions along with their monthly salary during their employment.

The amounts so contributed/paid by the
Group to the superannuation fund and NPS or to employees during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account. The Group has
no liability towards future benefits under superannuation fund and national pension scheme other than its annual contribution.

Pension

The Bank provides for pension, a defined
benefit plan covering eligible employees of erstwhile Bank of Madura, erstwhile Sangli Bank and erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan. The Bank
makes contribution to a trust which administers the funds on its own account or through insurance companies. The plan provides for pension
payment including dearness relief on a monthly basis to these employees on their retirement based on the respective employee’s years
of service with the Bank and applicable salary.

Actuarial valuation of the pension liability
is determined by an independent actuary appointed by the Bank. Actuarial valuation of pension liability is calculated based on certain
assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected unit credit method.

The actuarial gains or losses arising
during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Employees covered by the pension plan
are not eligible for employer’s contribution under the provident fund plan.

Provident fund

The Group is statutorily required to
maintain a provident fund, a defined benefit plan, as a part of retirement benefits to its employees. Each employee contributes a certain
percentage of his or her basic salary and the Group contributes an equal amount for eligible employees. The Group makes contribution as
required by The Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 to Employees’ Pension Scheme administered
by the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner and the balance contributions are transferred to funds administered by trustees. The funds
are invested according to the rules prescribed by the Government of India. The Group recognises such contribution as an expense in the
year in which it is incurred.

Interest payable on provident fund should
not be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by the Central Government under the Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous
Provisions Act, 1952. Actuarial valuation for the interest obligation on the provident fund balances is determined by an actuary appointed
by the Group.

The actuarial gains or losses arising
during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The overseas branches of the Bank and
its eligible employees contribute a certain percentage of their salary towards respective government schemes as per local regulatory guidelines.
The contribution made by the overseas branches is recognised in profit and loss account at the time of contribution.

F-
43

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Compensated absences

The Group provides
for compensated absences based on actuarial valuation conducted by an independent actuary.

10.   Income taxes

Income tax expense is the aggregate
amount of current tax and deferred tax expense incurred by the Group. The current tax expense and deferred tax expense is determined in
accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and as per Accounting Standard 22 - Accounting for Taxes on Income respectively.
Deferred tax adjustments comprise changes in the deferred tax assets or liabilities during the year and change in tax rate.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognised by considering the impact of timing differences between taxable income and accounting income for the current year and carry
forward losses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the balance sheet date. The impact of changes in the deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognised in the profit and loss
account.

Deferred tax assets are recognised and
re-assessed at each reporting date, based upon the management’s judgement as to whether their realisation is considered as reasonably
certain. However, in case of domestic companies, where there is unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward loss under taxation laws, deferred
tax assets are recognised only if there is virtual certainty of realisation of such assets.

In the consolidated financial statements,
deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed at an individual entity level and aggregated for consolidated reporting.

Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) credit is
recognised as an asset to the extent there is convincing evidence that the Group will pay normal income tax during specified period, i.e.,
the period for which MAT credit is allowed to be carried forward as per prevailing provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. In accordance
with the recommendation contained in the guidance note issued by ICAI, MAT credit is to be recognised as an asset in the year in which
it becomes eligible for set off against normal income tax. The Group reviews MAT credit entitlements at each balance sheet date and writes
down the carrying amount to the extent there is no longer convincing evidence to the effect that the Group will pay normal income tax
during the specified period.

11.   Impairment of assets

The immovable fixed assets are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An asset is treated as impaired
when its carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The impairment is recognised by debiting the profit and loss account and is measured
as the amount by which the carrying amount of the impaired assets exceeds their recoverable value. The Bank and its housing finance subsidiary
follows revaluation model of accounting for its premises and the recoverable amount of the revalued assets is considered to be close to
its revalued amount. Accordingly, separate assessment for impairment of premises is not required.

F-
44

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

For assets other than
premises, the Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. Impairment loss,
if any, is provided in the profit and loss account to the extent the carrying amount of assets exceeds their estimated recoverable amount.

12.   Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets

The Group estimates the
probability of any loss that might be incurred on outcome of contingencies on the basis of information available up to the date on
which the consolidated financial statements are prepared. A provision is recognised when an enterprise has a present obligation as a
result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in respect of
which a reliable estimate can be made. Provisions are determined based on management estimates of amounts required to settle the
obligation at the balance sheet date, supplemented by experience of similar transactions. These are reviewed at each balance sheet
date and adjusted to reflect the current management estimates. In cases where the available information indicates that the loss on
the contingency is reasonably possible but the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, a disclosure to this effect is made in
the consolidated financial statements. In case of remote possibility, neither provision nor disclosure is made in the consolidated
financial statements. The Group does not account for or disclose contingent assets, if any.

The Bank estimates the probability of
redemption of customer loyalty reward points using an actuarial method by employing an independent actuary and accordingly makes provision
for these reward points. Actuarial valuation is determined based on certain assumptions regarding mortality rate, discount rate, cancellation
rate and redemption rate.

13.   Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net
profit or loss after tax for the year attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding
for the year.

Diluted earnings per
share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if contracts to issue equity shares were exercised or converted during the year.
Diluted earnings per equity share is computed using the weighted average number of equity shares and dilutive potential equity shares
issued by the Group outstanding during the year, except where the results are anti-dilutive.

14.   Share issue expenses

Share issue expenses are deducted from
Securities Premium Account in terms of Section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013.

15.   Bullion transaction

The Bank deals in bullion business
on a consignment basis. The bullion is priced to the customers based on the price quoted by the supplier. The difference between price
recovered from customers and cost of bullion is accounted for as commission at the time of sales to the customers. The Bank also deals
in bullion on a borrowing and lending basis and the interest expense/income is accounted on accrual basis.

F-
45

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

16.   Lease transactions

Lease payments including
cost escalations for assets taken on operating lease are recognised as an expense in the profit and loss account over the lease term on
straight line basis. The leases of property, plant and equipment, where substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership are transferred
to the Bank are classified as finance lease. Minimum lease payments under finance lease are apportioned between the finance costs and
outstanding liability.

17.   Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash
in hand, rupee digital currency, foreign currency notes, balances with RBI, balances with other banks and money at call and short notice.

18.   Segment Reporting

The disclosure related to segment information
is in accordance with AS-17, Segment Reporting and as per guidelines issued by RBI.

19.   Corporate Social Responsibility

Expenditure towards corporate social
responsibility, in accordance with Companies Act, 2013, is recognised in the profit and loss account.

20.   Claims and benefits paid

In the case of general insurance business,
claims incurred comprise claims paid, estimated liability for outstanding claims made following a loss occurrence reported and estimated
liability for claims incurred but not reported (IBNR) and claims incurred but not enough reported (IBNER). Further, claims incurred also
include specific claim settlement costs such as survey/legal fees and other directly attributable costs. Claims (net of amounts receivable
from re-insurers/co-insurers) are recognised on the date of intimation based on internal management estimates or on estimates from surveyors/insured
in the respective revenue account. Estimated liability for outstanding claims at the balance sheet date is recorded net of claims recoverable
from/payable to co-insurers/re-insurers and salvage to the extent there is certainty of realisation and includes provision for solatium
fund. Salvaged stock is recognised at estimated net realisable value based on independent valuer’s report. Estimated liability for
outstanding claim is determined by the management on the basis of ultimate amounts likely to be paid on each claim based on the past experience
and in cases where claim payment period exceeds four years based on actuarial valuation. These estimates are progressively revalidated
on availability of further information. Claims IBNR represent that amount of claims that may have been incurred during the accounting
period but have not been reported or claimed. The claims IBNR provision also includes provision, if any, required for claims that have
been incurred but are not enough reported (IBNER). The provision for claims IBNR/claims IBNER is based on an actuarial estimate duly certified
by the Appointed Actuary of the entity. The actuarial estimate is derived in accordance with relevant IRDAI regulations and Guidance Note
GN 21 issued by the Institute of Actuaries of India.

F-
46

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

In the case of life insurance business,
benefits paid comprise policy benefits and claim settlement costs, if any. Death and rider claims are accounted for on receipt of intimation.
Survival, maturity and annuity benefits are accounted when due. Withdrawals and surrenders under non-linked policies are accounted on
the receipt of intimation. Amount payable on lapsed/discontinued policies are accounted for on expiry of lock-in-period of these policies.
Surrenders, withdrawals and lapsation are disclosed at net of charges recoverable. Claim settlement cost, legal and other fees form part
of claim cost wherever applicable. Reinsurance claims receivable are accounted for in the period in which the claim is intimated and are
netted off against benefits paid. Repudiated claims and other claims disputed before the judicial authorities are provided for on prudent
basis as considered appropriate by the management.

21.   Liability for life policies in force

In the case of life insurance business,
the actuarial liabilities for life policies in force and policies where premiums are discontinued but a liability exists as at the valuation
date, are calculated in accordance with accepted actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, as amended from time to time,
and regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, relevant Guidance Notes and Actuarial Practice
Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India.

22.   Reserve for unexpired risk

Reserve for unexpired risk is recognised
net of reinsurance ceded and represents premium written that is attributable to and is to be allocated to succeeding accounting periods.
For fire, marine cargo and miscellaneous business it is calculated on a daily pro-rata basis, except in the case of marine hull business
which is computed at 100.00% of net premium written on all unexpired policies at balance sheet date.

23.   Actuarial method and valuation

In the case of life insurance business,
the actuarial liability on both participating and non-participating policies is calculated using the gross premium method, using assumptions
for interest, mortality, morbidity, expense and inflation, and in the case of participating policies, future bonuses together with allowance
for taxation and allocation of profits to shareholders. These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates at the date of valuation
with allowances for adverse deviations.

The liability for the unexpired portion
of the risk for the non-unit liabilities of linked business and attached riders is the higher of liability calculated using discounted
cash flows and unearned premium reserves.

An unexpired risk reserve and a reserve
in respect of claims incurred but not reported is held for contracts wherein there is a possibility of lag in intimation of claims.

The unit liability in respect of linked
business is the value of the units standing to the credit of policyholders, using the Net Asset Value (NAV) prevailing at the valuation
date.

Mortality rates used are based on the
published “Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-2014) Ult.” mortality table for assurances and “Indian Individual Annuitant’s
Mortality Table (2012-15)” table for annuities, adjusted to reflect expected experience. Morbidity rates used are based on CIBT
93 table, adjusted for expected experience, or on risk rates supplied by reinsurers.

F-
47

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Expenses are provided for at least at
current levels, in respect of renewal expenses, with no allowance for future improvements.

24.   Acquisition costs for insurance business

Acquisition costs are those costs that
vary with and are primarily related to the acquisition of insurance contracts and are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

SCHEDULE 18: NOTES FORMING PART OF THE ACCOUNTS

A. The following additional disclosures
have been made taking into account the requirements of Accounting Standards (ASs) and Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guidelines.

1.   Earnings per share

Basic and diluted earnings per equity
share are computed in accordance with AS 20 - Earnings per share. Basic earnings per equity share is computed by dividing net profit/(loss)
after tax by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period/year. Diluted earnings per equity share is computed
using the weighted average number of equity shares and weighted average number of dilutive potential equity shares outstanding during
the year.

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the computation of earnings per share.

Rs. in million, except per
share data

Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Net profit/(loss) attributable to equity shareholders used in computation of Basic EPS   510,292.0   442,563.7
Less: Dilution impact of options granted by subsidiary and associate companies   (418.0)   (688.3)
Net profit/(loss) attributable to equity shareholders used in computation of Diluted EPS   509,874.0   441,875.4
Nominal value per share (Rs.)   2.00   2.00
Basic earnings per share (Rs.)   72.41   63.19
Effect of potential equity shares (Rs.)   (1.27)   (1.23)
Diluted earnings per share (Rs.) 1   71.14   61.96
Reconciliation between weighted shares used in computation of basic and diluted earnings per share
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding used in computation of Basic EPS   7,047,535,896   7,003,943,116
Add: Effect of potential equity shares   119,746,543   128,245,813
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding used in computation of Diluted EPS   7,167,282,439   7,132,188,929

1.   The dilutive impact is due to options/units granted to employees by the Group.

F-
48

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

2.   Related party transactions

The Group has transactions with
its related parties comprising associates/other related entities and key management personnel and relatives of key management personnel.

I.   Related parties

Associates/others

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Nature of relationship
1.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 1   Associate
2.   Arteria Technologies Private Limited   Associate
3.   India Advantage Fund-III   Associate
4.   India Advantage Fund-IV   Associate
5.   India Infradebt Limited   Associate
6.   FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) 2   Associate
7.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited 3   Associate
8.   NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited   Associate
9.   Comm Trade Services Limited 4   Other related entity
10.   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   Other related entity
11.   Cheryl Advisory Private Limited   Enterprises over which KMP/relatives of KMP have control/significant influence
12.   Chamunda Diamonds 5   Enterprises over which KMP/relatives of KMP have control/significant influence
13.   Procedium Strategy LLP 6   Enterprises over which KMP/relatives of KMP have control/significant influence
14.   FactoryOS Private Limited 6   Enterprises over which KMP/relatives of KMP have control/significant influence

1.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be
an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

2.   The Bank had executed a share purchase agreement for sale of
its entire shareholding of 19% in the equity shares of FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private
Limited), an associate of the Bank, on March 29, 2025. The share transfer was completed subsequently and FISERV ceased to be an associate
of the Bank effective April 17, 2025.

3.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate
and became a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024.

4.   Comm Trade Services Limited ceased to be a related entity from
Q1-2025.

F-
49

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

5.   Chamunda Diamonds considered as a related entity from Q1-2025.

6.   Procedium Strategy LLP and FactoryOS Private Limited are considered
as related entities from Q4-2025.

Key management personnel

Sr. no.   Name of the Key management personnel   Relatives of the Key management personnel
1.   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   · Ms. Mona Bakhshi · Mr. Shivam Bakhshi · Ms. Aishwarya Bakhshi · Ms. Esha Bakhshi · Ms. Minal Bakhshi · Mr. Sameer Bakhshi · Mr. Ritwik Thakurta · Mr. Ashwin Pradhan · Ms. Radhika Bakhshi
2.   Mr. Anup Bagchi (up to April 30, 2023)   · Ms. Mitul Bagchi · Mr. Aditya Bagchi · Mr. Shishir Bagchi · Mr. Arun Bagchi
3.   Mr. Sandeep Batra   · Mr. Pranav Batra · Ms. Arushi Batra · Mr. Vivek Batra · Ms. Veena Batra · Mr. Sarthak Shah
4.   Mr. Rakesh Jha   · Mr. Narendra Kumar Jha · Mr. Navin Ahuja · Mr. Sharad Bansal · Ms. Aparna Ahuja · Ms. Apoorva Jha Bansal · Ms. Pushpa Jha · Ms. Sanjali Jha · Ms. Swati Jha · Mr. Rajesh Jha · Mr. Sachchit Jha
5.   Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta (w.e.f. March 15, 2024)   · Dr. Shabnam Gupta · Mr. Akhil Gupta · Mr. Aneesh Gupta · Mr. Ashok Gupta · Mr. Vinay Gupta · Ms. Aparna Gupta · Ms. Madhu Gupta · Ms. Rita Agarwal · Ms. Shanti Gupta · Ms. Maitri Thakker · Shyam Lall Gupta HUF

F-
50

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

II.   Transactions with related parties

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the significant transactions between the Group and its related parties.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Interest income   645.4   380.2
Associates/others   643.4   379.3
Key management personnel   2.0   0.9
Income from services rendered   329.8   1,589.2
Associates/others   327.8   1,588.4
Key management personnel   1.9   0.6
Relatives of key management personnel   0.1   0.2
Gain/(loss) on forex and derivative transactions (net)   ..   61.6
Associates/others   ..   61.6
Dividend income   106.5   2,582.9
Associates/others   106.5   2,582.9
Income from shared services   27.1   243.4
Associates/others   27.1   243.4
Insurance claims received   ..   40.1
Associates/others   ..   40.1
Interest expense   115.4   218.0
Associates/others   83.9   193.8
Key management personnel   21.6   14.4
Relatives of key management personnel   9.9   9.8
Expenses for services received   1,193.4   13,043.6
Associates/others   1,193.4   13,043.6
Insurance premium paid   ..   3,288.0
Associates/others   ..   3,288.0

F-
51

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Expenses for shared services and other payments   ..   5.0
Associates/others   ..   5.0
Insurance claims, surrenders and annuities paid   4.3   44.1
Associates/others   3.7   43.6
Key management personnel   0.6   0.5
CSR expenses   9,093.9   5,882.3
Associates/others   9,093.9   5,882.3
Volume of fixed deposits accepted   17,281.1   11,834.1
Associates/others   16,881.7   11,718.6
Key management personnel   309.5   84.9
Relatives of key management personnel   89.9   30.6
Purchase of investments   ..   3,904.1
Associates/others   ..   3,904.1
Sale of Investments   ..   23,777.9
Associates/others   ..   23,777.9
Capital Infusion   5.8   ..
Associates/others   5.8   ..
Investments in the securities issued by related parties   27,497.3   20,937.8
Associates/others   27,497.3   20,937.8
Redemption/buyback of Investments by related parties   328.2   2,500.0
Associates/others   328.2   2,500.0
Purchase of fixed assets   2.7   1.7
Associates/others   2.7   1.7
Forex/swaps/derivatives and forwards transactions entered (notional value)   763.7   6,939.8
Associates/others   763.7   6,939.8
Guarantees/letters of credit given by the Group   140.3   0.1
Associates/others   140.3   0.1
Insurance premium received   25.8   49.4
Associates/others   19.9   48.7

F-
52

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Key management personnel   0.4   0.3
Relatives of key management personnel   5.5   0.4
Remuneration to wholetime directors 1   365.1   287.0
Key management personnel   365.1   287.0
Dividend paid   21.8   5.2
Key management personnel   14.1   4.3
Relatives of key management personnel   7.7   0.9
Value of employee stock options exercised   476.6   86.3
Key management personnel   476.6   86.3
Reimbursement of expenses paid   2.1   ..
Key management personnel   2.1   ..

1.   Excludes the perquisite value on employee stock options exercised and includes performance
bonus paid during the period.

2.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

3.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024.

4.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

III.   Material transactions with related parties

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the material transactions between the Group and its related parties. A specific related party transaction is disclosed
as a material related party transaction wherever it exceeds 10% of all related party transactions in that category.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Interest income
1   India Infradebt Limited   633.6   365.5
Income from services rendered
1   FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)   276.8   100.2
2   India Infradebt Limited   50.0   42.5
3   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   1,445.6
Gain/(loss) on forex and derivative transactions (net)
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   61.6
Dividend income
1   India Infradebt Limited   106.5   106.5
2   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   2,476.4

F-
53

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Income from shared services
1   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   27.0   36.6
2   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   169.6
3   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   N.A.   27.0
Insurance claims received
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   40.1
Interest expense
1   FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)   29.3   17.9
2   Arteria Technologies Private Limited   20.7   15.1
3   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   18.3   15.0
4   NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited   15.6   10.7
5   Mr. Rakesh Jha   16.8   11.6
6   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   116.5
Expenses for services received
1   FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)   1,050.6   2,085.4
2   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   N.A.   10,885.4
3   Arteria Technologies Private Limited   142.8   72.8
Insurance Premium paid
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   3,288.0
Expenses for shared services and other payments
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   5.0
Insurance claims, surrenders and annuities paid
1   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   3.7   1.1
2   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   42.5
3   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   0.5   0.5
CSR expenses
1   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   9,093.9   5,882.3
Volume of fixed deposits accepted
1   FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)   16,255.0   5,330.0
2   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   N.A.   5,952.9
Purchase of investments
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   3,904.1
Sale of Investments
1   India Infradebt Limited   ..   7,617.1
2   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   16,160.8

F-
54

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Investments
    in the securities issued by related parties
1   India Infradebt Limited   27,497.3   20,937.8
Capital Infusion
1   Arteria Technologies Private Limited   5.8   ..
Redemption/buyback of investments by related parties
1   India Infradebt Limited   ..   2,500.0
2   India Advantage Fund- IV   185.3   ..
3   India Advantage Fund- III   142.9   ..
Purchase of fixed assets
1   Arteria Technologies Private Limited   2.7   1.7
Forex/swaps/derivatives and forwards transactions entered (notional value)
1   FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)   647.4   590.4
2   Arteria Technologies Private Limited   116.4   59.5
3   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   6,289.9
Guarantees/letters of credit given by the Group
1   NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited   0.0   0.1
2   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   140.3   ..
Insurance premium received
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   N.A.   47.2
2   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   14.7   1.0
3   India Infradebt Limited   2.8   0.6
4   Ms. Aparna Gupta   5.0   ..
Remuneration to wholetime directors
1   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   104.5   99.7
2   Mr. Sandeep Batra   91.3   86.7
3   Mr. Rakesh Jha   89.6   84.0
4   Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta   79.7   2.9
5   Mr. Anup Bagchi   N.A.   13.7
Dividend paid
1   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   4.1   2.2
2   Mr. Sandeep Batra   3.5   1.4
3   Mr. Rakesh Jha   0.6   0.7
4   Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta   5.9   ..
5   Mr. Shivam Bakhshi   4.1   0.3
Value of employee stock options exercised

F-
55

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
1   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   213.8   34.5
2   Mr. Sandeep Batra   121.4   13.3
3   Mr. Rakesh Jha   99.8   38.5
4   Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta   41.6   ..
Reimbursement of expenses paid
1   Mr. Rakesh Jha   0.6   ..
2   Mr. Sandeep Batra   0.7   ..
3   Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta   0.8   ..

1.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

2.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

3.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024.

IV.   Related party outstanding balances

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the outstanding balances payable to/receivable from related parties.

Rs. in million

Items   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Deposits accepted   2,068.4   2,518.0
Associates/others   1,385.0   2,023.1
Key management personnel   496.5   350.8
Relatives of key management personnel   186.9   144.1
Investments of related parties in the Group   9.2   8.5
Key management personnel   2.9   2.5
Relatives of key management personnel   6.3   6.0
Payables   5,103.7   3,159.4
Associates/others   5,102.4   3,158.4
Key management personnel   0.2   0.2
Relatives of key management personnel   1.1   0.8
Investments of the Group   12,735.1   11,736.7
Associates/others   12,735.1   11,736.7
Advances by the Group   119.6   192.6
Associates/others   72.9   123.0
Key management personnel   45.4   68.8
Relatives of key management personnel   1.3   0.8
Receivables   221.0   238.6

F-
56

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Items   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024

Associates/others   221.0   238.6
Key management personnel   ..   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   0.0   0.0
Guarantees issued by the Group   197.7   60.2
Associates/others   197.7   60.2

1.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

V.   Related party maximum balances

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the maximum balances payable to/receivable from related parties.

Rs. in million

Items   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Deposits accepted
Key management personnel   727.3   351.2
Relatives of key management personnel   197.1   144.1
Investments of related parties in the Group 1
Key management personnel   3.1   2.5
Relatives of key management personnel   6.3   6.0
Payables 1
Key management personnel   0.2   1.5
Relatives of key management personnel   1.5   0.9
Advances by the Group
Key management personnel   68.9   85.7
Relatives of key management personnel   6.9   2.5
Receivables 1
Key management personnel   0.1   ..
Relatives of key management personnel   0.0   0.0

1.   Maximum balance is determined based on comparison of the total outstanding balances
at each quarter end during the financial year.

2.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

F-
57

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

3.   Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS)/ Employees Stock Unit Scheme (ESUS)

ICICI Bank:

In terms of the ESOS, as amended, the
maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.05% of the issued equity shares of the
Bank at the time of grant of the options and aggregate of all such options granted to the eligible employees shall not exceed 10.0% of
the aggregate number of the issued equity shares of the Bank on the date(s) of the grant of options in line with SEBI Regulations. Under
the stock option scheme, eligible employees are entitled to apply for equity shares. In April 2016, exercise period was modified from
10 years from the date of grant or five years from the date of vesting, whichever is later, to 10 years from the date of vesting. In June
2017, exercise period was further modified to not exceed 10 years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board
Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee to be applicable for future grants. In May 2018, exercise period was further modified
to not exceed five years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination
Committee to be applicable for future grants.

Options granted after March 2014 vest
in a graded manner over a three-year period with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 12 months
from the date of grant other than certain options granted in April 2014 which vested to the extent of 50% on April 30, 2017 and the balance
on April 30, 2018 and option granted in September 2015 which vested to the extent of 50% on April 30, 2018 and balance 50% vested on April
30, 2019. Options granted in January 2018 vested at the end of four years from the date of grant. Certain options granted on May 2018,
vested to the extent of 50% on May 2021 and balance 50% on May 2022.

Options granted prior to March 2014
except mentioned below, vested in a graded manner over a four-year period, with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of the grants vesting in each year,
commencing from the end of 12 months from the date of grant. Options granted in April 2009 vested in a graded manner over a five-year
period with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of grant vesting each year, commencing from the end of 24 months from the date of grant. Options granted
in September 2011 vested in a graded manner over a five-year period with 15%, 20%, 20% and 45% of grant vesting each year, commencing
from the end of 24 months from the date of the grant.

The exercise price of the Bank’s
options, except mentioned below, is the last closing price on the stock exchange, which recorded highest trading volume preceding the
date of grant of options. In February 2011, the Bank granted 16,692,500 options to eligible employees and whole-time directors of the
Bank and certain of its subsidiaries at an exercise price of Rs. 175.82. This exercise price was the average closing price on the stock
exchange during the six months ended October 28, 2010. Of these options granted, 50% vested on April 30, 2014 and the balance 50% vested
on April 30, 2015.

In terms of ESUS, the maximum number
of Units granted to any eligible employee shall not exceed 20,000 units in any financial year and 0.14% of the total units available for
grant over a period of seven years from the date of approval of the Unit Scheme by the shareholders.

Units granted under the Scheme 2022
shall vest not later than the maximum vesting period of four years. Exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares of the Bank
i.e. Rs. 2 for each unit (as adjusted for any changes in capital structure of the Bank).

F-
58

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Units granted under the scheme vest
in a graded manner over a three-year period with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 13 months
from the date of grant. Exercise period of units is five years from the date of vesting, or such shorter period as may be determined by
the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant.

As per the Scheme of Arrangement amongst
ICICI Bank Limited, ICICI Securities Limited and their respective Shareholders (“the Scheme”), the outstanding Employee Stock
Options (Options) and/or Employee Stock Units (Units) as on March 24, 2025 (Record Date), granted by ICICI Securities Limited to the employees
of ICICI Securities Limited and its subsidiaries under the ICICI Securities Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme 2017 and ICICI Securities
Limited Employees Stock Unit Scheme 2022 stand cancelled. Fresh Options/Units have been granted by the Bank in line with the approved
swap ratio and the fractional entitlements, if any, arising pursuant to the applicability of the swap ratio has been rounded off to the
nearest higher integer. The exercise price for Options is adjusted after taking into account the effect of the Swap Ratio.

The weighted average fair value, based
on Black-Scholes model, of options granted during the year ended March 31, 2025 was Rs. 444.76 (year ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 340.59)
and of units granted during the year ended March 31, 2025 was Rs. 1,120.43 (year ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 879.43).

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options granted.

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Risk-free interest rate   6.42% to 7.11%   6.88% to 7.32%
Expected term   3.43 to 5.43 years   3.23 to 5.23 years
Expected volatility   18.01% to 33.27%   24.78% to 37.41%
Expected dividend yield   0.65% to 0.83%   0.56% to 0.85%

F-
59

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of units granted.

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Risk-free interest rate   6.42% to 7.09%   6.82% to 6.94%
Expected term   1.58 to 3.58 years   1.58 to 3.58 years
Expected volatility   16.49% to 24.72%   23.63% to 36.56%
Expected dividend yield   0.72% to 0.74%   0.56%

Risk free interest rates over the expected
term of the option/units are based on the government securities yield in effect at the time of the grant. The expected term of an option/units
is estimated based on the vesting term as well as expected exercise behavior of the employees who receive the option/units. Expected exercise
behavior is estimated based on the historical stock option exercise pattern of the Bank. Expected volatility during the estimated expected
term of the option/units is based on historical volatility determined based on observed market prices of the Bank's publicly traded equity
shares. Expected dividends during the estimated expected term of the option/units are based on recent dividend activity. The key assumptions
for the year ended March 31, 2025 also includes the key assumptions used for options/units granted to employees of ICICI Securities Limited
in accordance with the Scheme.

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the summary of the status of the Bank’s stock option plan.

Rs. except number of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   198,731,466   411.26   225,025,803   361.60
Add: Granted during the year 1   15,964,860   1,052.89   14,635,600   894.95
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   1,997,001   896.53   1,410,025   728.44
Less: Exercised during the year   42,832,398   335.58   39,519,912   296.27
Outstanding at the end of the year   169,866,927   484.94   198,731,466   411.26
Options exercisable   137,704,023   379.06   159,296,026   324.55

1.   Includes Rs. 3.0 million number of options granted to employees of ICICI Securities
Limited (including its subsidiaries) in accordance with the scheme.

F-
60

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

The following table sets forth, the
summary of stock options outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (Number of years)
60-199   1,188,860   157.91   0.76
200-399   88,958,357   269.18   2.81
400-599   31,580,712   491.68   2.41
600-799   21,218,869   743.79   4.26
800-999   13,937,234   896.55   5.14
1000-1200   12,982,895   1,111.98   6.18

The following table sets forth, the
summary of stock options outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (Number of years)
60-199   4,012,005   161.88   1.25
200-399   115,605,713   267.72   3.54
400-599   42,086,634   483.18   3.22
600-799   22,668,214   747.64   5.20
800-899   14,358,900   894.81   6.16

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the summary of the status of the Bank’s stock unit plan.

Rs. except number of units

Particulars   Stock units outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Number of units   Weighted average exercise price   Number of units   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   4,190,810   2.00   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year 1   4,964,420   2.00   4,419,670   2.00
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   371,263   2.00   228,860   2.00
Less: Exercised during the year   751,672   2.00   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   8,032,295   2.00   4,190,810   2.00
Units exercisable   560,656   2.00   2,700   2.00

1.   Includes Rs. 0.6 million number of units granted to employees of ICICI Securities
Limited (including its subsidiaries) in accordance with the scheme.

F-
61

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

At March 31, 2025, the weighted average
remaining contractual life of stock units outstanding was 5.90 years.

The options were exercised regularly
throughout the period and weighted average share price as per National Stock Exchange price volume data during the year ended March 31,
2025 was Rs. 1,222.88 (Year ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 972.60).

ICICI Life
:

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited has formulated ESOS/ESUS for their employees.

The following
table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited.

Rs. except number
of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   28,450,010   440.61   23,942,115   435.18
Add: Granted during the year   640,100   580.30   7,215,300   448.95
Less: Forfeited/lapsed during the year   183,430   498.94   613,390   485.02
Less: Exercised during the year   4,651,085   405.14   2,094,015   394.28
Outstanding at the end of the year   24,255,595   450.66   28,450,010   440.61
Options exercisable   17,009,763   436.70   16,332,549   415.08

F-
62

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

The following table sets forth, summary
of stock options outstanding of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2025.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
300-399   4,355,285   379.57   1.25
400-499   14,483,010   436.29   4.09
500-599   5,363,800   545.49   4.37
600-699   53,500   618.73   3.88

The following table sets forth, summary
of stock options outstanding of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2024.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
300-399   7,363,410   379.67   2.36
400-499   15,904,970   435.91   5.09
500-599   5,127,130   540.79   5.12
600-699   54,500   619.43   4.87

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the summary of the status of the ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited’s stock unit plan.

Rs. except number of units

Particulars   Stock units outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Number of units   Weighted average exercise price   Number of units   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year   1,710,600   10.00   ..   ..
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   9,830   10.00   ..   ..
Less: Exercised during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   1,700,770   10.00   ..   ..
Units exercisable   3,160   10.00   ..   ..

F-
63

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

At March 31, 2025, the weighted average
remaining contractual life of stock units outstanding was 6.20 years.

ICICI
General:

ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited has formulated ESOS/ESUS for their employees.

The following
table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited.

Rs. except
number of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   14,536,884   1,074.44   12,646,890   1,398.39
Add: Granted during the year   1,241,248   1,648.65   4,527,220   1,115.92
Less: Forfeited/lapsed during the year   574,248   1,318.47   1,074,224   1,276.98
Less: Exercised during the year   3,033,702   1,152.44   1,563,002   1,055.30
Outstanding at the end of the year   12,170,182   1,260.31   14,536,884   1,074.44
Options exercisable   3,198,284   1,281.98   5,497,000   888.94

The following table sets forth, summary
of stock options outstanding of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2025.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
700-800   682,320   715.15   2.10
800-1100   790,580   1,086.85   1.00
1100-1200   3,344,997   1,104.10   5.10
1200-1300   1,360,800   1,235.15   2.10
1300-1400   2,823,860   1,363.10   4.10
1400-1500   1,949,107   1,417.15   3.00
1500-1600   40,000   1,589.70   3.40
1600-1700   1,178,518   1,643.95   6.00

F-
64

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

The following table sets forth, summary
of stock options outstanding of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2024.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
700-800   1,105,080   715.15   2.45
800-1100   1,540,310   1,086.85   2.05
1100-1200   4,038,370   1,104.10   6.05
1200-1300   1,924,840   1,235.15   3.11
1300-1400   3,439,304   1,363.10   5.41
1400-1500   2,348,980   1,417.15   4.05
1500-1600   40,000   1,589.70   5.10
1600-1700   100,000   1,639.25   6.90

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the summary of the status of the ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited’s stock unit plan.

Rs. except number of units

Particulars   Stock units outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Number of units   Weighted average exercise price   Number of units   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year   603,624   10.00   ..   ..
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   24,133   10.00   ..   ..
Less: Exercised during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   579,491   10.00   ..   ..
Units exercisable   ..   ..   ..   ..

At March 31, 2025, the weighted average
remaining contractual life of stock units outstanding was 6.10 years.

F-
65

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

ICICI Securities
:

ICICI Securities
Limited has formulated ESOS and ESUS 2022 for their employees.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Securities Limited.

Rs. except
number of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   6,060,085   462.58   4,146,544   445.94
Add: Granted during the year   1,507,800   712.35   2,568,250   473.28
Less: Forfeited/lapsed during the year   1,381,345   582.59   165,680   544.97
Less: Exercised during the year   1,768,340   428.72   489,029   349.77
Less: Cancelled during the year   4,418,200   523.81   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   ..   ..   6,060,085   462.58
Options exercisable   ..   ..   2,266,545   382.85

The following table sets forth,
summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Securities Limited at March 31, 2024.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
200-249   505,550   221.45   2.06
250-299   37,730   256.55   1.55
350-399   994,940   361.00   3.10
400-449   625,410   424.60   4.05
450-499   2,362,550   465.10   6.05
500-549   4,700   512.10   5.80
600-649   1,529,205   624.94   5.17

F-
66

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, a summary of the status of the stock unit plan of ICICI Securities Limited.

Rs. except number of units

Particulars   Stock units outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Number of units   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of units   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   708,220   5.00   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year   505,660   5.00   800,990   5.00
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   165,582   5.00   92,770   5.00
Less: Exercised during the year   125,471   5.00   ..   ..
Less: Cancelled during the year   922,827   5.00   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   ..   ..   708,220   5.00
Options exercisable   ..   ..   ..   ..

As per the Scheme of Arrangement amongst
ICICI Bank Limited, ICICI Securities Limited and their respective Shareholders (“the Scheme”), the outstanding Employee Stock
Options (Options) and/or Employee Stock Units (Units) as on March 24, 2025 (Record Date), granted by ICICI Securities Limited to the employees
of ICICI Securities Limited and its subsidiaries under the ICICI Securities Limited Employees Stock Option Scheme 2017 and ICICI Securities
Limited Employees Stock Unit Scheme 2022 stand cancelled. Fresh Options/Units have been granted by the Bank in line with the approved
swap ratio and the fractional entitlements, if any, arising pursuant to the applicability of the swap ratio has been rounded off to the
nearest higher integer. The exercise price for Options is adjusted after taking into account the effect of the Swap Ratio.

4.   Fixed assets

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the movement in software acquired by the Group, as included in fixed assets.

Rs. in million

Particulars   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Gross block at March 31 of preceding year   51,219.2   36,232.4
Add: Adjustments 1,2   ..   8,307.6
Adjusted gross block at March 31   51,219.2   44,540.0
Additions during the year   9,709.0   7,555.5
Deductions during the year   (2,801.6)   (876.3)

F-
67

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Particulars   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Gross block- closing   58,126.6   51,219.2
Depreciation to date   (41,972.4)   (37,492.7)
Net block   16,154.2   13,726.5

1.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

2.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024.

5.   Assets on lease

5.1   Assets taken under operating lease

Operating leases primarily comprise
office premises which are renewable at the option of the Group.

(i) The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the details of liability for premises taken on non-cancellable operating leases.

Rs. in million

Particulars   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Not later than one year   1,522.2   992.7
Later than one year and not later than five years   2,643.5   2,462.6
Later than five years   2,130.2   2,375.1
Total   6,295.9   5,830.4

(ii) Total of non-cancellable lease
payments recognised in the profit and loss account for the year ended March 31, 2025 is Rs. 1,651.5 million (year ended March 31, 2024:
Rs. 1,540.5 million).

5.2   Assets taken under finance lease

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the details of assets taken on finance leases.

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
A. Total minimum lease payments outstanding
Not later than one year   318.8   249.8
Later than one year and not later than five years   884.8   359.9
Later than five years   354.3   0.2
Total   1,557.9   609.9
B. Interest cost payable
Not later than one year   88.3   42.6
Later than one year and not later than five years   189.9   41.1
Later than five years   26.8   ..
Total   305.0   83.7

F-
68

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024

C.
Present value of minimum lease payments payable (A-B)
Not later than one year   230.5   207.2
Later than one year and not later than five years   694.9   318.8
Later than five years   327.5   0.2
Total   1,252.9   526.2

5.3   Assets given under finance lease

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the details of finance leases.

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Future
minimum lease receipts
Present value of lease receipts   ..   34.3
Unmatured finance charges   ..   0.8
Sub
total   ..   35.1
Less: collective provision   ..   (0.1)
Total   ..   35.0
Maturity profile of future minimum lease receipts
- Not later than one year   ..   35.1
- Later than one year and not later than five years   ..   0.0
- Later than five years   ..   ..
Total   ..   35.1
Less: collective provision   ..   (0.1)
Total   ..   35.0

Maturity profile of present value
of lease rentals

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the details of maturity profile of present value of finance lease receipts.

Rs. in million

Particulars   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Maturity profile of future present value of finance lease receipts
- Not later than one year   ..   34.3
- Later than one year and not later than five years   ..   ..
- Later than five years   ..   ..

F-
69

Total   ..   34.3
Less: collective provision   ..   (0.1)
Total   ..   34.2

6.   Provisions and contingencies

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the break-up of provisions and contingencies included in the profit and loss account.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Provision for depreciation of investments 1   8,001.1   7,049.6
Provision towards non-performing and other assets 2   41,272.5   9,635.7
Provision towards income tax
a) Current   174,971.7   136,933.0
b) Deferred   9,376.6   17,343.2
Other provisions and contingencies 3,4   (215.8)   20,438.8
Total provisions and contingencies   233,405.9   191,400.3

1.   During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Group has written
back provision amounting to Rs. 3,826.6 million against its investments in Alternate Investment Funds (AIFs).

2.   Includes provision of the Bank towards NPA amounting to Rs.
42,690.0 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 14,798.5 million).

3.   No contingency provision was made by the Bank during the year
ended March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Nil).

4.   Includes general provision made towards standard assets, provision
made on fixed assets acquired under debt-asset swap and non-fund based facilities.

The Group has assessed its obligations
arising in the normal course of business, including pending litigations, proceedings pending with tax authorities and other contracts
including derivative and long-term contracts. In accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standard - 29 on ‘Provisions, Contingent
Liabilities and Contingent Assets’, the Group recognises a provision for material foreseeable losses when it has a present obligation
as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in respect of which
a reliable estimate can be made. In cases where the available information indicates that the loss on the contingency is reasonably possible
or the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, a disclosure to this effect is made as contingent liabilities in the financial statements.
The Group does not expect the outcome of these proceedings to have a materially adverse effect on its financial results. For insurance
contracts booked in its life insurance subsidiary, reliance has been placed on the Appointed Actuary for actuarial valuation of ‘liabilities
for policies in force’. The Appointed Actuary has confirmed that the assumptions used in valuation of liabilities for policies
in force are in accordance with the guidelines and norms issued by the IRDAI and the Institute of Actuaries of India in concurrence with
the IRDAI.

F-
70

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

7.   Description of contingent liabilities

The following table describes the nature
of contingent liabilities of the Group.

Sr. no.   Contingent liability   Brief Description
1.   Claims against the Group, not acknowledged as debts   This item represents demands made in certain tax and legal matters against the Group in the normal course of business and customer claims arising in fraud cases. In accordance with the Group’s accounting policy and AS 29, the Group has reviewed and classified these items as possible obligations based on legal opinion/judicial precedents/assessment by the Group.
2.   Liability for partly paid investments   This item represents amounts remaining unpaid towards liability for partly paid investments. These payment obligations of the Group do not have any profit/loss impact.
3.   Liability on account of outstanding forward exchange contracts   The Group enters into foreign exchange contracts in the normal course of its business, to exchange currencies at a pre-fixed price at a future date. This item represents the notional principal amount of such contracts. With respect to the transactions entered into with its customers, the Group generally enters into off-setting transactions in the inter-bank market. This results in generation of a higher number of outstanding transactions, and hence a large value of gross notional principal of the portfolio, while the net market risk is lower.
4.   Guarantees given on behalf of constituents, acceptances, endorsements and other obligations   This item represents the guarantees and documentary credits issued by the Group in favour of third parties on behalf of its customers, as part of its trade finance banking activities with a view to augment the customers’ credit standing. Through these instruments, the Group undertakes to make payments for its customers’ obligations, either directly or in case the customers fail to fulfill their financial or performance obligations.
5.   Currency swaps, interest rate swaps, currency options and interest rate futures   This item represents the notional principal amount of various derivative instruments which the Group undertakes in its normal course of business. The Group offers these products to its customers to enable them to transfer, modify or reduce their foreign exchange and interest rate risks. The Group also undertakes these contracts to manage its own interest rate and foreign exchange positions. With respect to the transactions entered into with its customers, the Group generally enters into off-setting transactions in the inter-bank market. This results in generation of a higher number of outstanding transactions, and hence a large value of gross notional principal of the portfolio, while the net market risk is lower.
6.   Other items for which the Group is contingently liable   Other items for which the Group is contingently liable primarily include the amount of government securities bought/sold and remaining to be settled on the date of financial statements. This also includes amount transferred to RBI under the Depositor Education and Awareness Funds, commitment towards contribution to venture fund, the amount that the Group is obligated to pay under capital contracts and letter of undertaking and indemnity letters. Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature which have been committed.

F-
71

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

8.   Employee benefits

Pension

The following tables set forth, for
the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other details for
pension benefits.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Opening
obligations   17,919.9   18,429.1
Service cost   82.1   114.8
Interest cost   1,268.1   1,314.0
Actuarial (gain)/loss   1,371.2   (11.5)
Past service cost   ..   306.9 1
Liabilities extinguished on settlement   (1,225.9)   (2,137.9)
Benefits paid   (48.9)   (95.5)
Obligations at
the end of year   19,366.5   17,919.9
Opening plan assets,
at fair value   17,921.5   18,190.2
Expected return on plan assets   1,329.9   1,361.0
Actuarial gain/(loss)   273.7   439.5
Assets distributed on settlement   (1,442.2)   (2,375.4)
Contributions   395.9   401.7
Benefits paid   (48.9)   (95.5)
Closing plan assets,
at fair value   18,429.9   17,921.5
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year   18,429.9   17,921.5
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (19,366.5)   (17,919.9)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in Para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..
Asset/(liability)   (936.6)   1.6
Cost 2
Service cost   82.1   114.8
Interest cost   1,268.1   1,314.0
Expected return on plan assets   (1,329.9)   (1,361.0)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   1,097.5   (451.0)
Past service cost   ..   306.9 1
Curtailments & settlements (gain)/loss   216.3   237.5
Effect of the limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’   ..   ..

Net cost   1,334.1   161.2

F-
72

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024

Actual return on plan assets   1,603.6   1,800.5
Expected employer’s contribution next year   400.0   400.0
Investment details
of plan assets
Government of India securities   44.20%   41.46%
Corporate bonds   42.10%   46.59%
Equity securities in listed companies   10.05%   9.35%
Others   3.65%   2.60%
Assumptions
Discount rate   6.60%   7.20%
Salary escalation rate:
On Basic pay   1.50%   1.50%
On Dearness relief   8.00%   8.00%
Estimated rate of return on plan assets   7.50%   7.50%

1.   Represents impact towards dearness allowance neutralization
as per IBA notification dated October 16, 2023.

2.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule-
16 Operating expenses.

Estimated rate of return on plan assets
is based on the expected average long-term rate of return on investments of the Fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

Experience adjustment

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022   Year ended March 31, 2021
Fair value of plan assets   18,429.9   17,921.5   18,190.2   19,843.3   21,162.2
Defined benefit obligations   (19,366.5)   (17,919.9)   (18,429.1)   (18,661.0)   (20,265.6)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..   ..   (401.9)   (304.8)
Surplus/(deficit)   (936.6)   1.6   (238.9)   780.4   591.8
Experience adjustment on plan assets   273.7   439.5   (682.0)   (331.9)   521.9
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   (56.5)   (227.0)   805.8   809.0   613.4

F-
73

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Gratuity

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other details for
gratuity benefits of the Group.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Opening
obligations   23,420.9   18,896.8
Add: Adjustment for exchange fluctuation on opening obligation   3.6   2.4
Add: Adjustment 1,2   ..   1,695.1
Adjusted
obligations   23,424.5   20,594.3
Service cost   2,419.6   1,915.7
Interest cost   1,732.8   1,435.5
Actuarial (gain)/loss   2,142.7   1,246.5
Past service cost   0.0   ..
Liability transferred from/to other companies   (0.1)   13.9
Benefits paid   (1,898.2)   (1,785.0)
Obligations
at the end of the year   27,821.3   23,420.9
Opening
plan assets, at fair value   22,948.5   17,061.6
Add: Adjustment 1,2   ..   1,608.9
Adjusted
plan assets at fair value   22,948.5   18,670.5
Expected return on plan assets   1,641.3   1,238.9
Actuarial gain/(loss)   639.6   870.5
Contributions   2,686.1   3,932.8
Assets transferred from/to other companies   1.3   13.9
Benefits paid   (1,825.1)   (1,778.1)
Closing
plan assets, at fair value   26,091.7   22,948.5
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year   26,091.7   22,948.5
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (27,821.3)   (23,420.9)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..
Asset/(liability)   (1,729.6)   (472.4)
Cost 3
Service cost   2,419.6   1,915.7
Interest cost   1,732.8   1,435.5

F-
74

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024

Expected return on plan assets   (1,641.3)   (1,238.9)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   1,503.2   376.1
Past service cost   0.0   ..
Exchange fluctuation loss/(gain)   3.6   2.4
Effect of the limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’   ..   ..
Net cost   4,017.9   2,490.8
Actual return on plan assets   2,280.9   2,109.3
Expected employer’s contribution next year   2,010.9   1,731.0
Investment details of plan assets
Insurer managed funds   22.06%   21.85%
Government of India securities   30.22%   30.73%
Corporate bonds   33.34%   34.90%
Equity   13.26%   11.23%
Others   1.13%   1.29%
Assumptions
Discount rate   6.55%-6.92%   7.15%-7.25%
Salary escalation rate   5.92%-10.00%   7.00%-10.00%
Estimated rate of return on plan assets   7.00%-7.50%   7.00%-7.50%

1.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

2.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024.

3.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule-
16 Operating expenses.

Estimated rate of return on plan assets
is based on the expected average long-term rate of return on investments of the Fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

Experience adjustment

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022   Year ended March 31, 2021
Fair value of plan assets   26,091.7   22,948.5   17,061.6   16,738.3   16,541.6

F-
75

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Defined benefit obligations   (27,821.3)   (23,420.9)   (18,896.8)   (16,895.1)   (16,954.5)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Surplus/(deficit)   (1,729.6)   (472.4)   (1,835.2)   (156.8)   (412.9)
Experience adjustment on plan assets   639.6   870.5   (577.3)   (33.1)   892.1
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   960.4   1,211.4   869.4   464.7   (548.2)

The estimates of future salary increases,
considered in actuarial valuation, take into consideration inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant factors.

Provident Fund (PF)

The Group does not have any liability
towards interest rate guarantee on exempt provident fund on the basis of actuarial valuation, the Group has not made any provision for
the year ended March 31, 2025 (year ended March 31, 2024: Nil).

The following tables set forth, for
the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other details for
provident fund of the Group.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Opening obligations   65,020.0   55,367.7
Less: Adjustments   ..   ..
Adjusted balance   65,020.0   55,367.7
Service cost   3,585.7   3,381.8
Interest cost   4,817.0   4,237.9
Actuarial (gain)/loss   1,313.5   919.2
Employees contribution   5,946.7   5,726.7
Liability transferred from/to other companies   991.8   1,169.0
Benefits paid   (6,654.1)   (5,782.3)
Obligations at end of the year   75,020.6   65,020.0
Opening plan assets, at fair value   66,637.2   56,128.1
Less: Adjustments   ..   ..

Adjusted balance   66,637.2   56,128.1

F-
76

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Expected return on plan assets   5,326.4   4,613.3
Actuarial gain/(loss)   1,049.7   1,400.7
Employer contributions   3,585.7   3,381.8
Employees contributions   5,946.7   5,726.6
Assets transfer from/to other companies   991.7   1,169.0
Benefits paid   (6,654.1)   (5,782.3)
Closing plan assets, at fair value   76,883.3   66,637.2
Plan assets at the end of the year   76,883.3   66,637.2
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (75,020.6)   (65,020.0)
Amount not recognised as an asset (Limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’) 1   (1,862.7)   (1,617.2)
Asset/(liability)   ..   ..
Cost 2
Service cost   3,585.7   3,381.8
Interest cost   4,817.0   4,237.9
Expected return on plan assets   (5,326.4)   (4,613.3)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   263.9   (481.6)
Effect of limit in para 59(b) 1   245.5   856.9
Net cost   3,585.7   3,381.7
Actual return on plan assets   6,376.1   6,014.0
Expected employer's contribution next year   3,870.9   3,650.8
Investment details of plan assets
Government of India securities   55.94%   54.37%
Corporate Bonds   32.23%   33.57%
Special deposit scheme   0.70%   0.81%
Others   11.13%   11.25%
Assumptions
Discount rate   6.55%-6.60%   7.15%-7.20%
Expected rate of return on assets   7.64%-7.78%   7.84%-8.43%

F-
77

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Discount rate for the remaining term to maturity of investments   6.70%-6.85%   7.20%-7.25%
Average historic yield on the investment   7.74%-8.08%   7.84%-8.53%
Guaranteed rate of return   8.25%-8.25%   8.25%-8.25%

1.   Pursuant to revised Guidance Note 29 on “Valuation of Interest Rate Guarantees
on Exempt Provident Funds under AS 15 (Revised)” issued by the Institute of Actuaries of India on February 16, 2022, plan assets
held by the PF Trust have been fair valued. The amount represents the fair value gain on plan assets.

2.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule-
16 Operating expenses.

Experience adjustment

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022   Year ended March 31, 2021
Fair value of plan assets   76,883.3   66,637.2   56,128.1   50,656.3   45,615.2
Defined benefit obligations   (75,020.6)   (65,020.0)   (55,367.7)   (49,411.5)   (45,617.9)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’) 1   (1,862.7)   (1,617.2)   (760.4)   (1,244.8)   ..
Surplus/(deficit)   ..   ..   ..   ..   (2.7)
Experience adjustment on plan assets   1,049.7   1,400.7   (432.8)   415.1   663.8
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   465.2   445.6   753.2   (684.8)   1,703.3

1 .   Pursuant to revised Guidance Note
29 on “Valuation of Interest Rate Guarantees on Exempt Provident Funds under AS 15 (Revised)” issued by Institute of Actuaries
of India on February 16, 2022, plan assets held by PF Trust have been fair valued. The amount represents the fair value gain on plan
assets.

The Group has contributed Rs. 7,288.0
million to provident fund including Government of India managed employees provident fund for the year ended March 31, 2025 (year ended
March 31, 2024: Rs. 5,861.0 million), which includes compulsory contribution made towards employee pension scheme under Employees Provident
Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952.

Superannuation Fund

The Group has contributed Rs. 374.0
million for the year ended March 31, 2025 (year ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 355.1 million) to Superannuation Fund for employees who had
opted for the scheme.

F-
78

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

National Pension Scheme (NPS)

The Group has contributed Rs. 606.3
million for the year ended March 31, 2025 (year ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 452.2 million) to NPS for employees who had opted for the scheme.

Compensated absence

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, movement in provision for compensated absence.

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Total actuarial liability   6,560.0   5,436.0
Cost 1   2,433.3   1,702.2
Assumptions
Discount rate   6.50%-6.92%   7.12%-7.25%
Salary escalation rate   5.92%-10.00%   5.96%-10.00%

1.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’
of schedule- 16 Operating expenses.

9.   Provision for income tax

The provision for income tax (including
deferred tax) for the year ended March 31, 2025 amounted to Rs. 184,348.3 million (year ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 154,276.2 million).

The Group has a comprehensive system
of maintenance of information and documents required by transfer pricing legislation under sections 92-92F of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
The management is of the opinion that all transactions with international related parties and specified transactions with domestic related
parties are primarily at arm's length so that the above legislation does not have material impact on the financial statements.

10.   Deferred tax

At March 31, 2025, the Group has recorded
net deferred tax asset of Rs. 48,410.0 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 63,115.8 million), which has been included in other assets.

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the break-up of deferred tax assets and liabilities into major items.

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Deferred tax assets
Provision for bad and doubtful debts   94,353.2   95,145.6
Provision for operating expenses   3,451.7   4,026.9
Provision/MTM on investment   4,453.4   6,774.4

F-
79

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Provision
    for expense allowed on payment basis   5,150.5   5,175.4
Unexpired risk reserve   548.7   1,486.5
Foreign currency translation reserve 1   542.8   148.0
Others 2   1,710.7   2,213.2
Total deferred tax assets   110,211.0   114,970.0
Deferred tax liabilities
Special reserve deduction   53,457.4   45,489.3
Provision/MTM on investment   1,470.0   620.6
Depreciation on fixed assets   5,889.5   5,074.3
Interest on refund of taxes 1   625.0   441.9
Others   359.1   228.1
Total deferred tax liabilities   61,801.0   51,854.2
Total net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)   48,410.0   63,115.8

1.   These items are considered in accordance with the requirements of Income Computation
and Disclosure Standards (ICDS).

2.   Includes deferred tax assets created primarily on operating loss, lease rentals
and interest on credit impaired loans.

3.   Deferred tax liability was created by the Bank and domestic subsidiaries (excluding
insurance subsidiaries) created on change in fair value of investments on account of implementation of the Master Direction – Classification,
Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks (Direction), 2023. The deferred tax liability on account of transition
gain was accounted through reserves.

11.   Information about business and geographical segments

A.   Business Segments

Pursuant to the guidelines issued
by RBI on AS 17 – Segment Reporting, the following business segments of the Group have been reported.

i.   Retail banking includes exposures of the Bank which satisfy the four criteria
of orientation, product, granularity and low value of individual exposures for retail exposures as per RBI guidelines. This segment also
includes income from credit cards, debit cards, third party product distribution and the associated costs.

ii.   Wholesale banking includes all advances to trusts, partnership firms, companies
and statutory bodies, by the Bank which are not included under Retail banking.

iii.   Treasury primarily includes the entire investment and derivative portfolio
of the Bank.

iv.   Other banking includes leasing operations and other items not attributable
to any particular business segment of the Bank. Further, it includes the Bank’s banking subsidiaries i.e. ICICI Bank UK PLC and
ICICI Bank Canada.

v.   Life insurance represents results of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited.

vi.   General insurance represents results of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited.

F-
80

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

vii.   Others includes ICICI Home Finance
                                            Company Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited, ICICI International Limited,
                                            ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Holdings
                                            Inc., ICICI Securities Inc., ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Prudential
                                            Trust Limited, ICICI Investment Management Company Limited, ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited,
                                            ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited and I-Process Services (India)
                                            Private Limited.

viii.   Unallocated includes items such as tax paid in advance
net of provision, deferred tax and provisions to the extent reckoned at the entity level.

Income, expenses, assets and liabilities
are either specifically identified with individual segments or are allocated to segments on a systematic basis.

All liabilities of the Bank are
transfer priced to a central treasury unit, which pools all funds and lends to the business units at appropriate rates based on the relevant
maturity of assets being funded after adjusting for regulatory reserve requirements.

The transfer pricing mechanism
of the Bank is periodically reviewed. The segment results are determined based on the transfer pricing mechanism prevailing for the respective
reporting periods.

The results of reported segments
for the year ended March 31, 2025 are not comparable with that of reported segments for the year ended March 31, 2024 to the extent new
entities have been consolidated and entities that have been discontinued from consolidation.

F-
81

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

The following
table sets forth, the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rs. in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Revenue   1,561,846.8   824,362.1   1,350,423.1   75,083.2   602,242.4   256,510.9   188,326.5   (1,912,925.6)   2,945,869.4
2   Segment results 1   216,210.4   215,646.3   187,503.2   14,511.9   13,364.3   33,212.9   74,230.8   (26,144.3)   728,535.5
3   Unallocated expenses   ..
4   Share of profit from associates   1,506.6
5   Operating profit (2) – (3)+(4) 1   730,042.1
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   184,348.3
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   545,693.8
Other information
8   Segment assets   7,929,301.9   5,482,698.2   7,227,332.6   1,025,594.7   3,140,885.4   685,617.4   1,029,682.0   (154,037.2)   26,367,075.0
9   Unallocated assets   55,339.1
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   26,422,414.1
11   Segment liabilities   11,119,662.2   5,559,973.9   4,306,765.4 3   595,655.2 3   3,142,401.4 3   690,202.5 3   1,030,790.7 3   (154,037.2) 3   26,291,414.1
12   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
13   Total liabilities (11) + (12)   26,422,414.1
14   Capital expenditure   27,062.6   11,779.3   2,054.9   2,449.5   2,808.5   2,631.7   4,057.8   ..   52,844.3
15   Depreciation   14,068.8   5,983.3   1,005.0   672.2   1,333.8   1,244.1   1,982.4   (16.4)   26,273.2

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
82

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

The following
table sets forth, the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rs. in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Revenue   1,345,475.7   717,802.2   1,137,018.3   64,034.0   542,361.3   18,958.1   140,368.7   (1,605,641.1)   2,360,377.2
2   Segment results 1   188,491.7   199,717.1   146,408.8   16,384.0   9,232.3   2,204.7   60,097.0   (18,192.0)   604,343.6
3   Unallocated expenses   ..
4   Share of profit from associates   10,737.7
5   Operating profit (2) – (3)+(4) 1   615,081.3
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   154,276.2
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   460,805.1
Other information
8   Segment assets   7,193,136.2   4,824,561.0   6,340,548.0   893,056.2   2,987,952.9   628,317.0   879,966.1   (182,618.8)   23,564,918.6
9   Unallocated assets   75,711.7
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   23,640,630.3
11   Segment liabilities   10,198,454.9   4,565,715.3   3,815,846.8 3   607,215.6 3   2,989,997.0 3   633,082.9 3   881,936.6 3   (182,618.8) 3   23,509,630.3
12   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
13   Total liabilities (11) + (12)   23,640,630.3
14   Capital expenditure   19,984.4   7,806.3   1,390.0   598.4   3,128.9   139.6   3,529.4   ..   36,577.0
15   Depreciation   10,978.1   4,596.4   788.2   444.8   1,129.0   93.5   1,338.5   (16.4)   19,352.1

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
83

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules
                                            forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

B.   Geographical segments

The Group reports
its operations under the following geographical segments.

·   Domestic operations comprise branches and subsidiaries/joint ventures in
India.

·   Foreign operations comprise branches and subsidiaries/joint ventures outside
India and offshore banking units in India.

The Group conducts
transactions with its customers on a global basis in accordance with their business requirements, which may span across various geographies.

The following
tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the geographical segment results.

Rs. in million

Revenue   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Domestic operations 1   2,869,925.8   2,296,083.0
Foreign operations   77,450.2   75,031.9
Total   2,947,376.0   2,371,114.9

1.   Includes share of profit from associates of Rs. 1,506.6 million (March 31, 2024:
Rs. 10,737.7 million).

Rs. in million

Assets   At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Domestic operations   24,976,014.2   22,366,146.4
Foreign operations   1,391,060.8   1,198,772.2
Total   26,367,075.0   23,564,918.6

1.   Segment assets do not include tax paid in advance/tax deducted
at source (net) and deferred tax assets (net).

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, capital expenditure and depreciation thereon for the geographical segments.

Rs. in million
Capital expenditure incurred during the   Depreciation provided during the
Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2025   Year ended March 31, 2024
Domestic operations   51,073.8   36,299.6   25,953.4   19,081.8
Foreign operations   1,770.5   277.4   319.8   270.4
Total   52,844.3   36,577.0   26,273.2   19,352.2

12.   Penalties/fines imposed by banking regulatory bodies

RBI imposed a penalty of Rs. 10.0 million
on May 27, 2024 based on the deficiency observed in regulatory compliance with the Banking Regulation Act, during statutory inspection
for supervisory evaluation (ISE 2022) of the Bank conducted by RBI (year ended March 31, 2024: Rs. 121.9 million). Further, a penalty
of Rs. 3.4 million was imposed by an overseas banking regulatory body on an overseas banking subsidiary for delayed and incorrect submission
of a regulatory report pertaining to reporting period December 31, 2022 (Year ended March 31, 2024: Nil).

F-
84

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules
                                            forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

13.   Additional information to consolidated accounts

Additional information to consolidated
accounts at March 31, 2025 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
Parent
ICICI Bank Limited   93.0%   2,920,763.0   92.5%   472,269.9
Subsidiaries
Indian
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   0.6%   20,399.9   1.0%   5,348.6
ICICI Securities Limited 3   1.7%   53,146.4   3.4%   17,492.6
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   1.2%   38,210.6   1.1%   5,564.8
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   0.0%   11.4   0.0%   1.7
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   0.0%   187.1   0.0%   57.7
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   0.1%   2,484.0   0.0%   150.5
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   3.8%   119,413.1   2.3%   11,890.6
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   4.8%   149,838.1   4.9%   25,082.6
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   0.0%   25.2   0.0%   9.1
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   1.1%   35,315.8   5.2%   26,482.5
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited   0.0%   524.8   (0.0%)   (35.5)
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   0.0%   886.4   0.1%   266.7
Foreign
ICICI Bank UK PLC   1.0%   30,082.3   0.4%   2,269.0
ICICI Bank Canada   0.9%   28,951.6   0.9%   4,351.9
ICICI International Limited   0.0%   172.9   0.0%   38.7
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.   0.0%   130.8   (0.0%)   (1.1)
ICICI Securities Inc.   0.0%   434.4   0.0%   32.4
Other consolidated entities
Indian
ICICI Strategic Investments Fund   0.0%   103.3   0.0%   34.0
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Minority Interests   (4.7%)   (148,367.4)   (6.9%)   (35,401.8)
Associates
Indian

F-
85

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules
                                            forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   21.3
FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) 4   ..   ..   (0.2%)   (813.0)
India Infradebt Limited   ..   ..   0.4%   2,194.6
India Advantage Fund III   ..   ..   0.0%   66.1
India Advantage Fund IV   ..   ..   0.0%   7.7
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   29.9
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Joint Ventures
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Inter-company adjustments   (3.5%)   (113,654.4)   (5.1%)   (27,119.7)
TOTAL   100.0%   3,139,059.1   100.0%   510,292.0

1.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

2.   Total assets minus total liabilities.

3.   On March 24, 2025, ICICI Securities Limited became a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Bank.

4.   The Bank has executed a share purchase agreement for sale of its entire stake in
equity shares of FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) on March 29, 2025. The
share transfer was not completed by March 31, 2025.

Additional information to consolidated
accounts at March 31, 2024 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
Parent
ICICI Bank Limited   93.1%   2,383,993.2   92.4%   408,882.7
Subsidiaries
Indian
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   0.7%   18,288.0   0.9%   4,139.1
ICICI Securities Limited   1.5%   38,825.6   3.9%   17,305.9
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   1.1%   28,029.3   1.2%   5,316.0
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   0.0%   9.7   0.0%   1.1
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   0.0%   129.5   (0.0%)   (57.6)
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   0.1%   2,483.4   0.0%   110.2

F-
86

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules
                                            forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   4.3%   110,082.3   1.9%   8,523.9
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 3   5.1%   129,493.3   0.3%   1,543.9
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   0.0%   19.8   0.0%   4.7
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   1.0%   24,849.0   4.1%   18,145.0
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited   0.0%   560.2   (0.0%)   (17.2)
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited 4   0.0%   619.8   0.0%   15.6
Foreign
ICICI Bank UK PLC   1.1%   28,146.7   0.5%   2,277.8
ICICI Bank Canada   1.1%   28,043.6   1.0%   4,500.7
ICICI International Limited   0.0%   130.6   0.0%   6.7
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.   0.0%   131.9   (0.0%)   (1.0)
ICICI Securities Inc.   0.0%   396.5   0.0%   25.6
Other consolidated entities
Indian
ICICI Strategic Investments Fund   0.0%   129.8   0.0%   7.6
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Minority Interests   (5.4%)   (138,884.2)   (4.1%)   (18,241.4)
Associates
Indian
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 3   ..   ..   1.9%   8,452.0
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited 4   ..   ..   0.0%   25.4
NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   10.7
FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited)   ..   ..   0.0%   215.8
India Infradebt Limited   ..   ..   0.4%   1,869.7
India Advantage Fund III   ..   ..   0.0%   60.6
India Advantage Fund IV   ..   ..   0.0%   85.7
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   17.9
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Joint Ventures
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..

F-
87

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules
                                            forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
Inter-company adjustments   (3.7%)   (94,039.7)   (4.7%)   (20,663.4)
TOTAL   100.0%   2,561,438.3   100.0%   442,563.7

1.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

2.   Total assets minus total liabilities.

3.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

4.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became
a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024.

14.   Investments

With effect from April 1, 2024, the
Bank has implemented Master Direction issued by the RBI on Classification, Valuation and Operation of investment Portfolio of Commercial
Banks (Directions), 2023 (‘RBI Directions’) which has introduced significant changes in the basis of classification and accounting
of investments and recognition of fair valuation of gains and losses. For the purpose of consolidation, the domestic group entities (except
insurance subsidiaries), have aligned with the Bank’s accounting policies including the aforesaid RBI Directions. Accordingly, the
Group has accounted net transition gain of Rs. 20,583.1 million (net of tax and minority interest) and Rs. 14,082.9 million (net of tax
and minority interest) in AFS Reserve and General Reserve respectively in accordance with the RBI Directions. Subsequent changes in fair
value of performing investments under AFS and Fair Value Through Profit and Loss (‘FVTPL’) (including Held For Trading (‘HFT’))
categories at March 31, 2025 have been recognised through AFS Reserve and Profit and Loss account respectively. Accordingly, the amounts
for previous periods are not comparable.

15.   Revaluation of fixed assets

The Bank and its housing finance subsidiary
follows the revaluation model for their premises (land and buildings) other than improvements to leasehold property as per AS 10 –
‘Property, Plant and Equipment’. In accordance with the policy, annual revaluation is carried out through external valuers,
using methodologies such as direct sales comparison method and income capitalisation method and the incremental amount has been taken
to revaluation reserve. The revalued amount at March 31, 2025 was Rs. 61,442.7 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 55,184.5 million) as compared
to the historical cost less accumulated depreciation of Rs. 23,647.6 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 24,058.0 million).

The revaluation reserve is not available
for distribution of dividend.

16.   Proposed dividend on equity shares

The Board of Directors at its meeting
held on April 19, 2025 has recommended a dividend of Rs. 11 per equity share for the year ended March 31, 2025 (year ended March 31, 2024:
Rs. 10 per equity share). The declaration and payment of dividend is subject to requisite approvals.

17.   Divergence in asset classification and provisioning for NPAs

In terms of the RBI circular no. DOR.ACC.REC.No.74/21.04.018/2022-23
dated October 11, 2022, banks are required to disclose the divergences in asset classification and provisioning consequent to RBI’s
annual supervisory process in their notes to accounts to the financial statements, wherever either (a) the additional provisioning requirements
assessed by RBI exceed 5% of the reported net profits before provisions and contingencies or (b) the additional gross NPAs identified
by RBI exceed 5% of

F-
88

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules
                                            forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

the published incremental gross NPAs
for the reference period, or both. Based on the condition mentioned in RBI circular, no disclosure on divergence in asset classification
and provisioning for NPAs is required with respect to RBI’s supervisory process for the year ended March 31, 2024 and for the year
ended March 31, 2023.

18.   Disclosure on lending and borrowing activities

The Bank and other subsidiaries, as
part of its normal banking business, grant loans and advances, makes investment, provides guarantees to and accept deposits and borrowings
from its customers, other entities and persons. These transactions are part of Bank’s normal banking business, which is conducted
ensuring adherence to all regulatory requirements.

Other than the transactions described
above, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of
funds) by the Bank and other subsidiaries incorporated in India to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”)
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall lend or invest in party identified by or
on behalf of the Bank and other subsidiaries incorporated in India (Ultimate Beneficiaries). The Bank and other subsidiaries incorporated
in India have also not received any fund from any parties (Funding Party) with the understanding that the Bank and other subsidiaries
incorporated in India shall whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified by or on behalf of
the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

19.   Acquisition of additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

On May 28, 2023, the Board of Directors
of the Bank approved to increase shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in multiple tranches up to 4.0% additional
shareholding, as permissible under applicable law, to ensure compliance with the Section 19(2) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and
make the Company, a subsidiary of the Bank, subject to receipt of necessary regulatory approval(s). On August 4, 2023, RBI vide letter
CO.DOR.RAUG.AUT.No.S2656/24.01.002/2023-24, had conveyed the approval to the Bank for acquiring additional stake in ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited. On September 1, 2023, IRDAI vide letter 733/F&I/ToS/ICICIL/FY24/1/59 had also conveyed the approval in
connection to above. Accordingly, the Bank through stock exchange mechanism had acquired the additional stake in ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited in multiple tranches, resulting into increase in shareholding of more than 50.0%. Consequently, ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024. Accordingly,
goodwill of Rs. 23,728.3 million was recognised on purchase of additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

During Q1-2025, the Bank through stock
exchange mechanism had acquired the additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in multiple tranches, resulting
into increase in shareholding by 0.54%. Accordingly, additional goodwill of Rs. 4,360.2 million was recognised on purchase of additional
stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

20.   Acquisition of I-Process Services (India) Private Limited

On February 17-18, 2023, the Board of
Directors of the Bank approved to make I-Process Services (India) Private Limited a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, subject to receipt
of requisite regulatory and statutory approvals. On September 8, 2023, RBI vide letter CO.DoR.RAUG.No.S3282/ 24.01.002/2023-24, had conveyed
the approval to the Bank in connection to above. On January 30, 2024, the Bank entered into a share purchase agreement in relation to
investment in equity shares of I-Process Services (India) Private Limited. Accordingly, the Bank purchased equity shares of the

F-
89

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules
                                            forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Company in off-market transactions.
Consequently, I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 20,
2024. Subsequently, I-Process Services (India) Private Limited became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024. Accordingly,
capital reserve of Rs. 358.5 million was recognised on purchase of additional stake in I-Process Services (India) Private Limited.

21.   De-listing of ICICI Securities Company Limited

The Board of Directors of the Bank on
June 29, 2023 approved the draft scheme of arrangement for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities Limited. As per the Scheme of
Arrangement amongst ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Bank Limited and their respective shareholders (‘the Scheme’), ICICI Securities
Limited has been delisted from stock exchanges on March 24, 2025 and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank. The Bank issued 56,008,117
equity shares of the Bank of face value Rs. 2 each (in accordance with the Scheme to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities Limited.
The Bank recognised a securities premium of Rs. 68,876.0 million based on the market price of equity shares of the Bank on effective date
of the Scheme. Further, the Bank recognised a goodwill of Rs. 55,492.5 million in consolidated financial statements at March 31, 2025
on account of acquisition of additional stake in ICICI Securities Limited.

22.   Sale of FISERV Merchant Solutions Private Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services
Private Limited)

On December 13, 2024, the Board had
approved a proposal for sale of the Bank’s entire shareholding of 19% in the equity shares of FISERV Merchant Solutions Private
Limited (erstwhile ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited) (FISERV), an associate of the Bank. On March 29, 2025, the Bank had executed
a share purchase agreement (SPA) in relation to this sale proposal. In accordance with the SPA, the Bank has completed all the procedures
and sold its entire shareholding and consequently, FISERV ceased to be an associate of the Bank effective April 17, 2025.

23.   Additional disclosures

Additional statutory information disclosed
in the separate financial statements of the Bank and subsidiaries having no material bearing on the true and fair view on the consolidated
financial statements and the information pertaining to the items which are not material have not been disclosed in the consolidated financial
statements.

24.   Comparative figures

During FY2024, ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Private Limited has become subsidiaries due to increase in the Bank’s shareholding
above 50.0%. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements for FY2025 are not comparable with the previous year.

Figures of the previous year have been
re-grouped, wherever necessary to conform to the current year presentation.

F-
90

B. Additional Notes

1.   Reserves

Statutory reserve:
Represents reserve created
as a percentage of the net profit before any other appropriation as required by the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. Every banking company
in India is currently required to transfer not less than 25% of the net profit (before appropriations) to the “statutory reserve”.

Special reserve:
Represents reserve maintained
under the Income Tax Act, 1961 to avail tax benefits.

Securities premium:
 Represents amount of
premium received on issue of share capital, net of expenses incurred on issue of shares.

AFS reserve:
Represents unrealized gains
and losses on investments classified as available for sale, net of tax if any.

Investment fluctuation reserve:
Represents
appropriation of net gains on sale of securities classified as available for sale and fair value through profit and loss account (including
securities classified as held for trading), or net profit after mandatory appropriations to other reserves, whichever is lower, until
the amount of this reserve is at least 2% of securities classified as available for sale and fair value through profit and loss account
(including securities classified as held for trading). Balance in investment fluctuation reserve in excess of 2% of securities classified
as available for sale and fair value through profit and loss account (including securities classified as held for trading) portfolio can
be drawn down and transferred to balance in profit and loss account.

Capital reserve:
Represents amount of gains
on sale of securities classified as held to maturity, gains on sale of equity investments designated as available for sale, gain on sale/reclassification
of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates and gains on sale of land and building classified as banking assets, net
of tax and transfer to statutory reserve.

Capital redemption reserve:
Represents
appropriations made from the surplus profit available for previous years on redemption of preference shares by the Bank, as required under
the Companies Act, 2013.

Foreign currency translation reserve:
Represents
cumulative exchange differences arising from translation of financial statements of non-integral foreign operations. Foreign currency
translation reserve also includes translation differences on the already repatriated retained earnings of non-integral foreign operations
which are not recoginzed in profit and loss account in accordance with RBI guidelines. As per RBI guidelines, such translation differences
on already repatriated retained earnings can only be recognized in profit and loss account on closure of the non-integral operations.

Revaluation reserve:
Represents reserve
on revaluation of premises carried out by the Group.

Revenue and other reserves:
Represents
reserves other than capital reserves and those separately classified.

Balance
in profit and loss account:
Represents the balance of profit after appropriations.

F-
91

2.   Deposits

Deposits include current account
deposits, which are non-interest bearing, savings account deposits and time deposits, which are interest bearing.

The following table sets forth
the residual contractual maturities of time deposits at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Deposits maturing during the year ending March 31,
2026   7,335,737.5
2027   1,682,143.4
2028   264,437.3
2029   157,132.8
2030   87,602.5
Thereafter   71,215.8
Total time deposits   9,598,268.4

Total uninsured time deposits
at March 31, 2025 were Rs. 8,596,700.7 million and at March 31, 2024 were Rs. 7,363,865.2 million.

3.   Long-term debt

Long-term debt represents debt
with an original contractual maturity of greater than one year. Maturity distribution is based on contractual maturity or the date at
which the debt is callable at the option of the holder, whichever is earlier. A portion of the long-term debt bears a fixed rate of interest.
Interest rates on floating-rate debt are generally linked to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate or similar money market rates. The segregation
between fixed-rate and floating-rate obligations is based on the contractual terms.

The following table sets forth
a listing of long-term debt at March 31, 2025, by maturity and interest rate profile.

Rupees
                                            in million
Fixed-rate obligations   Floating-rate obligations   Total
Long-term debt maturing during the year ending March 31,
2026   335,653.9   58,248.8   393,902.7
2027   193,508.8   38,121.7   231,630.5
2028   142,017.5   32,411.5   174,429.0
2029   102,501.7   8,529.8   111,031.6
2030   109,040.6   5,038.5   114,079.1
Thereafter   221,404.8   8,363.8   229,768.6
Total   1,104,127.3   150,714.2   1,254,841.5
Less: Unamortized debt issue costs   (11.2 )   -   (11.2)
Total   1,104,116.1   150,714.2   1,254,830.2

Long-term debt is denominated
in various currencies. At March 31, 2025, long-term debt comprises Indian rupee debt of Rs. 1,017,887.4 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 1,042,058.9
million) and foreign currency debt of Rs. 236,942.8 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 274,489.3 million).

F-
92

Indian rupee debt

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of major categories of Indian rupee debt.

Rupees
    in million
Category   At
    March 31, 2025
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds issued to institutional/individual
    investors   570,075.5   7.5%   6.1% to 13.1%   4.7
Refinance from financial institutions   344,067.1   6.8%   3.0% to 8.5%   1.3
Borrowings from other banks   60,491.5   8.0%   7.5% to 8.6%   5.6
Fixed deposits   43,253.3   7.5%   5.6% to 8.7%   2.6
Total   1,017,887.4   7.3%   3.5

Rupees
    in million
Category   At
    March 31, 2024
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds issued to institutional/individual
    investors   573,913.8   7.7%   5.9% to 13.1%   4.5
Refinance from financial institutions   383,877.0   6.8%   2.9% to 8.4%   1.4
Borrowings from other banks   47,036.8   8.2%   7.9% to 8.8%   6.0
Fixed deposits   37,231.3   7.3%   5.5% to 8.7%   2.7
Total   1,042,058.9   7.3%   3.4

Foreign currency debt

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of major categories of foreign currency debt.

Rupees
    in million
Category   At
    March 31, 2025
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds   119,628.8   4.0%   3.7% to 7.1%   1.7
Other borrowings   117,314.0   2.5%   0.6% to 8.0%   1.3
Total   236,942.8   3.3%   1.5

F-
93

Rupees
    in million
Category   At
    March 31, 2024
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds   137,508.1   4.2%   3.7% to 7.1%   2.3
Other borrowings   136,981.2   2.6%   0.6% to 6.9%   2.1
Total   274,489.3   3.4%   2.2

See note on “Schedule
18B-Additional note-19 Selected information from Indian GAAP financials” for assets pledged as securities for borrowings.

4.   Cash and cash equivalents

Banks in India are required
to maintain with Reserve Bank of India, average daily balance of 4% of their net demand and time liabilities by way of cash reserve, for
a fortnight period. The banks are allowed to maintain minimum cash reserve of not less than 90% of the required cash reserve on all days
during the reporting fortnight, in such a manner that the average of cash reserve maintained daily shall not be less than the requirement
prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India.

The Bank’s minimum cash
reserve requirements for the fortnight period of March 31, 2025 were Rs. 605,107.8 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 616,350.3 million) which
are subject to withdrawal and usage restrictions. Deposits maintained with the Reserve Bank of India were Rs. 627,009.0 million at March
31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 625,010.3 million) towards the minimum cash reserve requirements.

Deposits with other banks include
Rs. 210,133.0 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 166,659.0 million) in deposits, which have original maturities greater than 90 days.

5.   Investments

During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Bank
has implemented the Master Direction on Classification, Valuation and Operations of Investment portfolio of Commercial Banks
(Direction), 2023 issued on September 12, 2023. The implementation of the master direction resulted in reclassification of the
existing investment portfolio of the Bank as on April 1, 2024 into revised categories of ‘Held to maturity’ (HTM),
‘Available for sale’ (AFS), ‘Fair value through profit and loss account’ (FVTPL) including ‘Held for
trading’ (HTM) as sub-category within FVTPL and ‘Investment in subsidiary, associate and joint venture’ which are
carried at cost (Cost). The Bank reclassified its investment portfolio as per direction on  April 1, 2024 and recorded transition
adjustments in General Reserve and Available for sale reserve.

For the purpose of below disclosures, the investments
classified as Held to maturity and Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures at March 31, 2025 under Indian GAAP are
disclosed as part of ‘Held to maturity’ category, investments classified as available for sale at March 31, 2025 under Indian
GAAP are disclosed as part of “Available for sale” category and investments classified as Held for trading and Fair value
through profit and loss account at March 31, 2025 under Indian GAAP are disclosed part of ‘Held for trading’ category.

Further, no change is made in all previous periods
presented as this requires assumptions about management's intent in previous periods which would be not practicable. Accordingly, the
previous period information is not comparable with information as at March 31, 2025. The detailed explanation of changes in
the accounting policy due to implementation of the said master direction is provided in the section ‘2. Investments’ of Schedule
17: Significant Accounting policy.

F-
94

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as held to maturity.

Rupees in million

At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Amortized cost/cost   Gross unrealized gain   Gross unrealized loss   Fair value   Amortized cost/cost   Gross unrealized gain   Gross unrealized loss   Fair value
Held to maturity
Corporate debt securities   613,750.5   9,947.3   (1,186.1   )   622,511.7   479,631.6   4,743.8   (3,567.9   )   480,807.6
Government securities   4,167,081.3   115,004.4   (3,573.8   )   4,278,511.9   3,949,704.1   40,373.9   (26,418.6   )   3,963,659.3
Other debt securities 1   75,860.0   24.8   (0.3   )   75,884.5   10,704.8   6.8   (2.6   )   10,709.0
Total debt securities   4,856,691.8   124,976.5   (4,760.2   )   4,976,908.1   4,440,040.5   45,124.5   (29,989.1   )   4,455,175.9
Equity shares   16,488.1   ..   ..   16,488.1   15.0   86.8   ..   101.8
Other securities   2,052.4   1,622.4   (29.5   )   3,645.3   2,573.0   8,595.5   (133.1   )   11,035.4
Total   4,875,232.3   126,598.9   (4,789.7   )   4,997,041.5   4,442,628.5   53,806.8   (30,122.2   )   4,466,313.1

1.   Includes certificate of deposit and commercial paper.

2.   Interest accrued on held-to-maturity securities amounted to Rs. 90,317.4
million at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 82,251.2 million).

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million

At March 31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Amortized cost/cost   Gross unrealized gain   Gross unrealized loss   Fair value   Amortized cost/cost   Gross unrealized gain   Gross unrealized loss   Fair value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   114,765.2   866.8   (185.0   )   115,447.0   204,957.5   2,494.7   (1,238.9   )   206,213.3
Government securities   620,226.1   4,173.8   (130.9   )   624,269.0   671,364.8   1,061.3   (708.7   )   671,717.4
Other debt securities 1   254,107.0   3,702.0   (367.7   )   257,441.3   194,459.6   4,696.8   (274.8   )   198,881.7
Total debt securities   989,098.3   8,742.6   (683.6   )   997,157.3   1,070,781.9   8,252.8   (2,222.4   )   1,076,812.4
Equity shares   190,125.8   61,031.0   (7,008.9   )   244,147.9   189,271.8   101,770.9   (10,438.8   )   280,603.9
Other securities   13,264.2   644.9   (238.5   )   13,670.7   43,383.1   12,238.4   (8,013.1   )   47,608.4
Total   1,192,488.3   70,418.5   (7,931.0   )   1,254,975.9   1,303,436.8   122,262.1   (20,674.3   )   1,405,024.7

1.   Includes pass through certificates, certificate of deposit, commercial paper
and banker's acceptance.

2.   Interest accrued on available for sale securities amounted to Rs. 12,237.6
million at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 15,199.2 million).

F-
95

Income from securities available
for sale

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of income from securities classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Interest   76,636.7   86,421.6   56,073.0
Dividend   2,783.9   1,644.8   2,320.7
Total   79,420.6   88,066.4   58,393.7
Gross realized gain   21,969.3   34,847.3   19,961.4
Gross realized loss   (1,566.1   )   (4,090.7   )   (7,090.2   )
Total   20,403.2   30,756.6   12,871.2

Income from securities held
for trading

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of income from securities classified as held for trading.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Interest and dividend   67,096.6   31,690.9   16,416.4
Realized gain/(loss) on sale of trading portfolio   15,433.8   5,877.7   958.8
Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio   15,336.1   19.3   133.8
Total   97,866.5   37,587.9   17,509.0

Maturity profile of debt
securities

The following table sets forth
a listing of each category of held to maturity debt securities at March 31, 2025, by maturity.

Rupees in million

Amortized cost   Fair value
Corporate debt securities
Less than one year   64,201.6   64,310.0
One to five years   299,016.4   302,503.8
Five to ten years   208,392.5   212,863.6
Greater than ten years   42,140.0   42,834.3
Total corporate debt securities   613,750.5   622,511.7
Government securities
Less than one year   33,734.9   33,915.2
One to five years   1,126,933.4   1,151,303.5
Five to ten years   2,080,957.7   2,138,201.3
Greater than ten years   925,455.3   955,091.9
Total government securities   4,167,081.3   4,278,511.9
Other debt securities
Less than one year   75,860.0   75,884.5
One to five years   ..   ..
Five to ten years   ..   ..
Greater than ten years   ..   ..
Total other debt securities   75,860.0   75,884.5
Total debt securities classified as held to maturity   4,856,691.8   4,976,908.1

F-
96

The following table sets forth
a listing of each category of available for sale debt securities at March 31, 2025, by maturity.

Rupees in million

Amortized cost   Fair value
Corporate debt securities
Less than one year   15,843.7   15,854.5
One to five years   81,396.8   81,738.4
Five to ten years   14,483.5   14,830.4
Greater than ten years   3,041.2   3,023.7
Total corporate debt securities   114,765.2   115,447.0
Government securities
Less than one year   214,803.5   215,252.5
One to five years   243,524.7   245,626.6
Five to ten years   152,792.4   154,141.2
Greater than ten years   9,105.5   9,248.7
Total Government securities   620,226.1   624,269.0
Other debt securities
Less than one year   144,747.0   145,037.8
One to five years   53,622.0   54,346.6
Five to ten years   21,112.9   21,987.7
Greater than ten years   34,625.1   36,069.2
Total other debt securities   254,107.0   257,441.3
Total debt securities classified as available for sale   989,098.3   997,157.3

Credit rating profile of
held-to-maturity debt securities

The Group considers credit
rating as credit quality indicators for the held-to-maturity debt securities. The credit rating of debt securities is issued by external
credit rating agencies.

The following table sets forth,
held-to-maturity debt securities by external credit rating at March 31, 2025:

Rupees in million

AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Below investment grade   Unrated   Total
Corporate debt securities   586,259.9   2,047.6   17,299.5   8,143.5   ..   613,750.5
Government securities 1   4,167,081.3   ..   ..   ..   ..   4,167,081.3
Other debt securities   75,860.0   ..   ..   ..   ..   75,860.0
Total Debt securities   4,829,201.2   2,047.6   17,299.5   8,143.5   ..   4,856,691.8

1.   These represent investments in the government securities made by the Group, since these investments
carry a moderate to high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations the same have been classified in “AAA,
AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C. for further detailed discussion on these rating grades please refer “credit quality indicators” of
loans forming part of “7. Loans” disclosure below.

The following table sets forth,
held-to-maturity debt securities by external credit rating at March 31, 2024:

Rupees in million

AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Below investment grade   Unrated   Total
Corporate debt securities   449,860.4   1,921.4   23,369.8   4,480.1   ..   479,631.6
Government securities 1   3,949,704.1   ..   ..   ..   ..   3,949,704.1
Other debt securities   10,704.8   ..   ..   ..   ..   10,704.8
Total Debt securities   4,410,269.3   1,921.4   23,369.8   4,480.1   ..   4,440,040.5

1.   These represent investments in the government securities made by the Group, since these investments
carry a moderate to high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations the same have been classified in “AAA,
AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C. for further detailed discussion on these rating grades please refer “credit quality indicators” of
loans forming part of “7. Loans” disclosure below.

F-
97

There were no held-to-maturity debt securities
that were past due (30 days overdue) at year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024. There were no held-to-maturity debt securities that
were overdue for more than 90 days and still accruing at the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.

6.   Repurchase transactions

The Group undertakes repurchase
and reverse repurchase transactions of Government securities and corporate bonds during the year. These transactions are generally of
a short tenure and are undertaken with the Reserve Bank of India, banks and other financial institutions as counterparties.

At March 31, 2025, outstanding
borrowings under repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility and Marginal Standing Facility offered by the Reserve
Bank of India amounted to Rs. 288,993.9 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 286,293.8 million) and the outstanding lending under reverse repurchase
transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility amounted to Rs. 72,514.5 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 180,376.8 million).

During fiscal 2025, average
borrowings under repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility and Marginal Standing Facility amounted to Rs. 426,550.4
million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 369,120.6 million) and average lending under reverse repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment
Facility amounted to Rs. 119,724.8 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 117,787.4 million).

7.   Loans

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of loans by category.

Rupees in million

At March 31,
2025   2024
Commercial loans   6,163,475.8   5,219,456.3
Term loans   2,053,215.1   2,155,071.1
Working capital facilities 1   4,110,260.7   3,064,385.2
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   8,225,817.9   7,610,969.0
Mortgage loans   4,490,975.6   4,134,254.8
Other secured loans   1,843,913.4   1,707,890.9
Credit card receivables   587,875.3   523,037.0
Other unsecured loans   1,303,053.6   1,245,786.3
Lease financing 2   ..   34.3
Total gross advances   14,389,293.7   12,830,459.6
Provision for loan losses 3   (182,656.6   )   (222,697.6   )
Total net advances   14,206,637.1   12,607,762.0

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

2.   Lease financing activity includes leasing and hire purchase.

3.   Excludes provision on performing loans.

4.   Interest accrued on loans amounted to Rs. 106,536.1 million at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 88,035.1
million).

Commercial loans

Commercial loans include term
loans and working capital facilities extended to corporate and other business entities, including programme-based loans extended to small
and medium enterprises such as proprietorship firms, partnership firms and private limited companies.

F-
98

Consumer loans

The Bank’s consumer loan
portfolio includes both secured loans and unsecured loans. Secured consumer loans constitute a significant majority of the Bank’s
total consumer loan portfolio.

Secured consumer loan portfolio

The Bank’s secured loan
portfolio consists of mortgage loans, automobile loans, commercial vehicle loans, jewel loans, farm equipment loans, kisan (farmer) credit
cards and other secured loans.

The Bank’s mortgage loan
portfolio includes home loans made to individuals and business entities and loan against mortgage of property for business or personal
requirement.

The Bank extends kisan (farmer)
credit card facility to farmers for meeting their cost of cultivation and other ancillary expenses.

The Bank provides jewel loans
against gold ornaments and gold coins.

Unsecured consumer loan portfolio

The Bank’s unsecured
loan portfolio includes personal loans, credit cards and other unsecured loans.

Standard restructured loans

A loan is classified as restructuring,
where a concessionary modification such as changes in repayment period, principal amount, repayment installment and rate of interest has
been made by the Group, and downgraded to non-performing. The restructuring of loans in the event of a natural calamity, restructuring
involving deferment of date of commencement of commercial operations for projects under implementation and restructuring for certain medium
and small medium enterprises continue to be classified as standard restructured loans. Further, the Reserve Bank of India through its
guideline on ‘Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress’ dated August 6, 2020, provided a prudential framework to implement
a resolution plan in respect of eligible borrowers and personal loans, while classifying such exposures as standard, subject to specified
conditions.

The loan accounts subjected
to restructuring by the Bank are upgraded to the standard category from standard restructured category if the borrower has demonstrated,
over a minimum period of one year, the ability to repay the loan in accordance with the contractual terms and the borrower has been reinstated
to a normal level of general provisions for standard loans/risk weights for capital adequacy computations. The period of one year is from
the commencement of the first payment of principal or interest whichever was later on the credit facility with the longest period of moratorium
under the restructured terms. The restructured loans, classified as non-performing, can be upgraded only after satisfactory performance
during the ‘specified period’, that is, the date by which at least a certain percentage of the outstanding principal debt
as per the resolution plan and interest capitalization sanctioned as part of the restructuring, if any, is repaid or one year from the
commencement of the first payment of interest or principal on the credit facility with the longest period of moratorium under the terms
of the resolution plan, whichever is later. Further, large restructured accounts (accounts where the aggregate exposure of lenders is
Rs. 1.00 billion and above) qualify for an upgrade if in addition to demonstration of satisfactory payment performance as mentioned above,
the loan is rated at investment grade (BBB- equivalent or better) at the end of the ‘specified period’ by credit rating agencies
accredited by the Reserve Bank of India.

At March 31, 2025, the Group
had committed to lend (including non-fund based facilities) Rs. 1,386.7 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 1,039.3 million) to borrowers who
are parties to standard restructurings.

F-
99

The following table sets forth,
for the dates indicated, a listing of standard restructured loans.

Rupees in million

At March 31,
2025   2024
Commercial loans
Term loans   1,846.7   4,381.0
Working capital facilities   1,262.5   1,775.8
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   18,043.0   24,072.0
Other secured loans   2,240.2   4,863.4
Credit card receivables   0.2   63.0
Other unsecured loans   205.8   525.1
Lease financing   ..   ..
Total gross restructured loans 2   23,598.4   35,680.3
Provision for loan losses 3   (900.4   )   (1,443.2   )
Total net restructured loans   22,698.0   34,237.1

1.   Represents entire borrower level
outstanding of the restructured accounts.

2.   At March 31, 2025, includes loans
amounting to Rs. 17,987.9 million restructured under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on ‘Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related
Stress’ dated August 6, 2020. and May 05, 2021 (March 31, 2024: loans amounting to Rs. 26,271.1 million)

3.   Represents provision due to diminution in the fair value of restructured/rescheduled
loans in accordance with the applicable RBI guidelines.

In addition, the Bank holds
general provision amounting to Rs. 5,988.9 million at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 9,034.1 million) on these restructured accounts.

Non-performing loans

The Bank classifies all credit
exposures at a borrower level, including overdues arising from crystallized derivative contracts, into performing and non-performing loans
as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, an asset is generally classified as non-performing
if any amount of interest or principal remains overdue for more than 90 days (365 days for direct agriculture loans, representing the
crop cycles), in respect of term loans. In respect of overdraft or cash credit, an asset is classified as non-performing if the account
remains out of order for a period of 90 days. An account is treated as ‘out of order’ if the outstanding balance remains continuously
in excess of the sanctioned limit/drawing power for 90 days or where there are no credits continuously for 90 days or credits are not
enough to cover the interest debited during the preceding 90 day period. In respect of bills, an asset is classified as non-performing
if the account remains overdue for more than 90 days. The Bank also identifies non-performing loans based on a review of accounts selected
on the basis of certain criteria, by evaluating additional information (other than that relating to the payment record). Advances held
at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations but which are standard as per the extant Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, are identified as non-performing to the extent of amount outstanding in the host country. In case of the Bank’s
housing finance subsidiary and ICICI Securities Limited, loans and other credit facilities are classified into performing and non-performing
loans as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Further, non-performing loans are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets
based on the criteria stipulated by Reserve Bank of India. Loans in the Bank’s United Kingdom subsidiary are classified as impaired
if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the loan
(a loss event) and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated.
Loans in the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary

F-
100

are considered credit-impaired when one or more
events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that loan have occurred.

The following table sets forth, the nonaccrual status of the loans
for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million

Loans outstanding
At the beginning of the year   At the end of the year   Loans which are overdue for more than 90 days but on accrual status   Loans on non-accrual basis on which no provision is made   Interest income recognized during the year on loans on non-accrual basis
Commercial loans
-	Term loans   110,537.2   63,994.2   ..   ..   1,760.2
-	Working capital facilities   49,839.2   47,762.1   17.2   ..   2,457.5
Consumer loans
-	Mortgage loans   48,749.1   49,310.2   ..   ..   2,224.3
-	Other secured loans   46,047.9   54,775.1   46,207.2   ..   544.8
-	Credit card receivables   9,841.9   11,752.0   ..   ..   392.4
-	Other unsecured loans   14,592.9   15,716.5   13.0   ..   579.4
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total gross loans   279,608.2   243,310.1   46,237.4   ..   7,958.6
Provision for loan losses   (221,249.1   )   (181,756.1   )   ..
Total net loans   58,359.1   61,554.0   46,237.4

The following table sets forth,
the nonaccrual status of the loans for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Loans outstanding
At the beginning of the year   At the end of the year   Loans which are overdue for more than 90 days but on accrual status   Loans on non-accrual basis on which no provision is made   Interest income recognized during the year on loans on non-accrual basis
Commercial loans
-	Term loans   153,131.1   110,537.2   ..   ..   2,403.9
-	Working capital facilities   56,797.7   49,839.2   ..   ..   1,645.5
Consumer loans
-	Mortgage loans   46,243.2   48,749.1   ..   ..   2,492.8
-	Other secured loans   40,187.5   46,047.9   40,927.4   ..   562.2
-	Credit card receivables   5,836.4   9,841.9   ..   ..   626.9
-	Other unsecured loans   10,273.8   14,592.9   ..   ..   483.2
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total gross loans   312,469.7   279,608.2   40,927.4   ..   8,214.5
Provision for loan losses   (254,507.1   )   (221,249.1   )   ..
Total net loans   57,962.6   58,359.1   40,927.4

F-
101

Provision for loan losses

Provisions are generally made
by the Bank on non-performing loans as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of Reserve Bank of
India. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and a general provision against performing loans.

The housing finance subsidiary
of the Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and general provisions against performing loans as per Reserve Bank
of India requirements.

The Bank’s United Kingdom
subsidiary maintains provision for loan losses at a level that management considers adequate to absorb identified credit related losses
as well as losses that have occurred but are not yet identifiable. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary maintains provision for all financial
assets using expected credit loss model. The expected credit loss for impaired financial assets is computed based on individual assessment
of expected cash flows from such assets.

The Bank makes provision on
assets that are restructured/rescheduled subject to minimum requirements as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the movement in the provision for loan losses on standard restructured loans.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   1,443.2   1,778.6   2,914.3
Provision for loan losses made for new additions during the year   ..   60.8   ..
Increase/(decrease) of provision for existing loan losses during the year   (435.1   )   (241.9   )   (328.4   )
Reduction/write-back of provision on restructured loans due to: Upgrade to standard assets   ..   ..   ..
Downgrade to non-performing assets   (107.7   )   (154.3   )   (807.3   )
Provision for loan losses at the end of the year   900.4   1,443.2   1,778.6

F-
102

The following table sets forth
the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans
Term loans   Working capital facilities   Mortgage loans   Other secured loans   Credit card receivables   Other unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   107,374.8   37,647.1   25,597.8   31,068.7   8,016.4   11,544.3   ..   ..   221,249.1
Add: Provisions for loan losses   3,226.7   12,830.9   22,456.4   35,019.6   33,371.4   30,486.6   ..   ..   137,391.6
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (23,199.5   )   (5,914.2   )   (5,774.7   )   (16,818.1   )   (27,532.2   )   (23,801.3   )   ..   ..   (1,03,040.0   )
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (25,140.5   )   (10,084.4   )   (16,342.4   )   (12,789.9   )   (4,007.4   )   (5,480.0   )   ..   ..   (73,844.6   )
A. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing loans   62,261.5   34,479.4   25,937.1   36,480.3   9,848.2   12,749.6   ..   ..   181,756.1
B. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   2,410.2   986.6   4,207.3   903.8   4.5   72.8   ..   199,748.9 1   208,334.1
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year (A) + (B)   64,671.7   35,466.0   30,144.4   37,384.1   9,852.7   12,822.4   ..   199,748.9   390,090.2
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   64,671.7   35,466.0   30,144.4   37,384.1   9,852.7   12,822.4   ..   ..   190,341.3
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   199,748.9   199,748.9
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At March 31, 2025, the Bank held contingency provisions of
Rs. 131,000.0 million which is included in the above amount.

F-
103

The following table sets forth
the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans
Term loans   Working capital facilities   Mortgage loans   Other secured loans   Credit Card receivables   Other unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   142,443.9   46,732.2   25,653.6   26,719.2   4,717.3   8,240.9   ..   ..   254,507.1
Add: Provisions for loan losses   3,569.4   18,661.6   22,388.4   28,668.3   22,721.1   24,605.6   ..   ..   120,614.4
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (8,766.6   )   (7,656.7   )   (5,978.9   )   (13,086.9   )   (15,735.2   )   (15,072.9   )   ..   ..   (66,297.2   )
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (29,871.9   )   (20,090.0   )   (16,465.3   )   (11,231.9   )   (3,686.8   )   (6,229.3   )   ..   ..   (87,575.2   )
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing loans   107,374.8   37,647.1   25,597.8   31,068.7   8,016.4   11,544.3   ..   ..   221,249.1
B. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   2,458.5   1,359.5   5,624.0   1,594.2   16.3   191.3   ..   192,602.1 1   203,845.9
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year (A) + (B)   109,833.3   39,006.6   31,221.8   32,662.9   8,032.7   11,735.6   ..   192,602.1   425,095.0
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   109,833.3   39,006.6   31,221.8   32,662.9   8,032.7   11,735.6   ..   ..   232,492.9
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   192,602.1   192,602.1
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At March 31, 2024, the Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 131,000.0
million which is included in the above amount.

F-
104

The following table sets
forth the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans
Term loans   Working capital facilities   Mortgage loans   Other secured loans   Credit card receivables   Other unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   152,200.1   50,822.8   28,852.5   26,173.8   3,119.1   7,937.0   ..   ..   269,105.3
Add: Provisions for loan losses   17,713.5   23,605.3   21,198.2   28,722.4   12,155.9   15,672.9   ..   ..   119,068.2
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (4,428.6   )   (4,976.5   )   (6,469.7   )   (13,525.1   )   (7,576.9   )   (9,491.5   )   ..   ..   (46,468.3   )
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (23,041.1   )   (22,719.4   )   (17,927.4   )   (14,651.9   )   (2,980.8   )   (5,877.5   )   ..   ..   (87,198.1   )
A. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing loans   142,443.9   46,732.2   25,653.6   26,719.2   4,717.3   8,240.9   ..   ..   254,507.1
B. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   4,243.4   1,492.1   7,750.8   2,849.7   18.0   376.8   ..   180,946.81   197,677.6
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year (A) + (B)   146,687.3   48,224.3   33,404.4   29,568.9   4,735.3   8,617.7   ..   180,946.8   452,184.7
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   146,687.3   48,224.3   33,404.4   29,568.9   4,735.3   8,617.7   ..   ..   271,237.9
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   180,946.8   180,946.8
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At March 31, 2023, the Bank
held contingency provisions of Rs. 131,000.0 million which is included in the above amount.

While the Group assesses the
incremental specific provisions after taking into consideration the existing specific provision held, the amounts recovered against debts
written off in earlier years and provisions no longer considered necessary in the context of the current status of the borrower are recognized
in the profit and loss account. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary follows IFRS 9 – Financial instruments and measures impairment
loss on all financial assets using expected credit loss model based on a three-stage approach. At March 31, 2025, the Bank’s Canadian
subsidiary classified exposure of Rs. 74,064.5 million as Stage-2 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 102,418.0 million) (financial assets, that are
not credit impaired, but which have experienced significant increase in credit risk since origination), with allowance for expected credit
loss of Rs. 602.1 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 761.7 million) in fiscal 2025.

F-
105

Aging Analysis of Past Due Financing Receivable
- Performing Loans

Any amount due under a credit
facility is considered as ‘past due’ if it remains unpaid for more than 30 days from the due date.

The following table sets forth
the aging analysis of past due performing loans at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Current 1   31 to 60 days   61 to 90 days   Above 90 days 2   Total past due 3
Commercial loans
Term loans   1,988,165.1   1,012.6   43.2   ..   1,055.8
Working capital facilities 4   4,056,208.1   5,189.0   1,084.3   17.2   6,290.5
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   4,406,749.1   26,168.5   8,747.8   ..   34,916.3
Other secured loans   1,712,518.9   22,247.3   8,164.9   46,207.2   76,619.4
Credit card receivables   565,182.7   6,504.5   4,436.1   ..   10,940.6
Other unsecured loans   1,276,104.8   7,859.2   3,360.1   13.0   11,232.3
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   .
Total   14,004,928.7   68,981.1   25,836.4   46,237.4   141,054.9

1.   Loans up to 30 days past due are considered current.

2.   Primarily includes crop related agriculture loans overdue less than 365
days.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which
has overdues, and not the borrower-level outstanding.

4.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans
repayable on demand.

The following table sets forth
the aging analysis of past due performing loans at March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Current 1   31 to 60 days   61 to 90 days   Above 90 days 2   Total past due 3
Commercial loans
Term loans   2,043,084.7   1,176.9   272.3   ..   1,449.2
Working capital facilities 4   3,010,208.0   3,391.3   946.7   ..   4,338.0
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   4,058,348.7   20,825.5   6,331.5   ..   27,157.0
Other secured loans   1,599,903.2   14,903.1   6,109.3   40,927.4   61,939.8
Credit card receivables   502,173.1   7,306.5   3,715.5   ..   11,022.0
Other unsecured loans   1,221,632.8   7,000.7   2,559.9   ..   9,560.6
Lease financing   34.3   .   ..   ..   ..
Total   12,435,384.8   54,604.0   19,935.2   40,927.4   115,466.6

1.   Loans up to 30 days past due are considered current.

2.   Primarily includes crop related agriculture loans overdue less than 365
days.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which
has overdues, and not the borrower-level outstanding.

4.   Includes bills purchased and discounted,
over drafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

Credit quality indicators of loans

The Group has a comprehensive framework for monitoring
credit quality of its commercial loans based on internal ratings and of its consumer loans based on delinquency status. For the majority
of the portfolio, the credit rating of every borrower/portfolio is reviewed at least annually. For the purpose of disclosure, the Group
has used internal ratings as credit quality indicator for commercial loans, for consumer loans the Group has considered the delinquency
status as a credit quality indicator.

The following table sets forth,
a description of internal rating grades linked to the likelihood of default associated with each rating grade:

F-
106

Grade   Definition
(I) Investment grade   Entities/obligations are judged to offer moderate to high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   Entities/obligations are judged to offer high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
A+, A, A-, 3A-C   Entities/obligations are judged to offer an adequate degree of protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Entities/obligations are judged to offer moderate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
(II) Below investment grade (BB and B, D, 5, 6, 7, 8)   Entities/obligations are judged to offer inadequate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of commercial loans at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million

Non-revolving loans originated in   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Fiscal 2025   Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Prior to 2021
Rating grades
Investment grade   770,480.8   599,179.8   302,765.3   144,658.4   74,088.3   97,833.4   3,964,827.4   5,953,833.4
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   123,239.8   101,837.3   108,812.4   69,173.4   39,440.0   8,240.0   2,067,878.5   2,518,621.4
A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   272,951.8   319,179.5   109,115.5   45,191.1   25,224.5   34,139.0   599,851.0   1,405,652.4
BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   374,289.2   178,163.0   84,837.4   30,293.9   9,423.8   55,454.4   1,297,097.9   2,029,559.6
Below investment grade 1   419.6   1,927.9   4,195.1   2,462.9   3,050.0   73,344.4   69,210.6   154,610.5
Unrated   5,606.5   1,582.3   339.0   279.2   60.2   37.0   47,127.7   55,031.9
Total Gross loans   776,506.9   602,690.0   307,299.4   147,400.5   77,198.5   171,214.8   4,081,165.7   6,163,475.8
Provisions 2   (45.0   )   (799.8   )   (207.9   )   (612.0   )   (2,867.1   )   (59,061.7   )   (34,047.9   )   (97,641.4   )
Total net loans   776,461.9   601,890.2   307,091.5   146,788.5   74,331.4   112,153.1   4,047,117.8   6,065,834.4
Gross write-offs during Fiscal 2025   6.2   ..   ..   ..   98.0   16,695.3   5,766.7   22,566.2

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, over drafts, cash credit, credit
cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Also includes provision against restructured loans.

3.   Commercial loans also include small business loans which are generally rated
at portfolio level

F-
107

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of commercial loans at March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Non-revolving loans originated in   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2020   Prior to 2020
Rating grades
Investment grade   738,901.8   525,293.0   238,169.3   214,059.9   35,932.3   146,206.1   3,061,161.6   4,959,724.0
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   82,547.9   149,635.0   111,517.8   159,183.5   4,027.9   42,694.8   1,536,636.0   2,086,242.9
A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   386,705.4   226,100.7   69,475.8   28,924.2   21,303.0   40,661.3   515,157.4   1,288,327.8
BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   269,648.5   149,557.3   57,175.7   25,952.2   10,601.4   62,850.0   1,009,368.2   1,585,153.3
Below investment grade   1,346.9   6,436.4   7,774.6   4,366.8   7,270.1   117,306.6   69,225.2   213,726.6
Unrated   9,774.7   2,885.9   1,483.1   923.3   189.0   43.1   30,740.9   46,040.0
Total Gross loans   750,023.4   534,615.3   247,427.0   219,350.0   43,391.4   263,555.8   3,161,127.7   5,219,490.6
Provisions 2   (216.5   )   (87.4   )   (727.4   )   (3,220.6   )   (4,060.4   )   (101,345.6   )   (36,812.5   )   (146,470.4   )
Total net loans   749,806.9   534,527.9   246,699.6   216,129.4   39,331.0   162,210.2   3,124,315.2   5,073,020.2
Gross write-offs during Fiscal 2024   3.3   5.8   ..   691.5   300.7   8,310.0   4,683.7   13,995.0

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, over drafts, cash credit, credit
cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Also includes provision against restructured loans..

3.   Commercial loans also include small business loans which are generally rated
at portfolio level

F-
108

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of consumer loans at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million

Non-revolving loans originated in   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Fiscal 2025   Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Prior to 2021
Mortgage loans   944,700.5   1,038,114.3   799,073.2   612,937.1   380,215.4   715,935.1   ..   4,490,975.6
Current 2   942,839.8   1,026,040.8   782,382.7   598,757.5   370,848.7   685,879.6   ..   4,406,749.1
Performing loans which are overdue 3   1,011.6   5,596.3   6,236.4   5,111.4   3,605.5   13,355.1   ..   34,916.3
Non-performing loans   849.1   6,477.2   10,454.1   9,068.2   5,761.2   16,700.4   ..   49,310.2
Other secured loans   769,462.9   402,220.5   206,856.9   80,484.6   29,423.9   20,147.9   335,316.7   1,843,913.4
Current 2   758,528.0   383,961.2   195,136.5   75,169.5   27,075.7   14,703.4   257,944.6   1,712,518.9
Performing loans which are overdue 3   7,116.8   12,522.6   6,948.1   3,139.7   1,190.2   1,009.8   44,692.2   76,619.4
Non-performing loans   3,818.1   5,736.7   4,772.3   2,175.4   1,158.0   4,434.7   32,679.9   54,775.1
Credit card receivables   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   587,875.3   587,875.3
Current 2   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   565,182.7   565,182.7
Performing loans which are overdue 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   10,940.6   10,940.6
Non-performing loans   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   11,752.0   11,752.0
Other unsecured loans   564,979.4   450,670.9   190,173.7   56,518.6   11,721.9   2,246.2   26,742.9   1,303,053.6
Current 2   562,320.2   439,059.4   181,198.4   53,742.0   11,434.3   1,697.6   26,652.9   1,276,104.8
Performing loans which are overdue 3   1,368.0   4,987.0   3,596.8   1,051.1   124.4   84.0   21.0   11,232.3
Non-performing loans   1,291.2   6,624.5   5,378.5   1,725.5   163.2   464.6   69.0   15,716.5
Total Gross loans   2,279,142.8   1,891,005.7   1,196,103.8   749,940.3   421,361.2   738,329.2   949,935.0   8,225,817.9
Provisions   (2,552.3   )   (10,518.7   )   (11,660.1   )   (7,192.3   )   (4,221.4   )   (14,756.7   )   (34,113.7   )   (85,015.2   )
Total net loans   2,276,590.5   1,880,487.0   1,184,443.7   742,748.0   417,139.8   723,572.5   915,821.3   8,140,802.7
Gross write-offs during Fiscal 2025   734.7   12,268.1   13,330.2   5,897.1   2,792.3   5,327.3   28,005.9   68,355.6

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, over drafts, cash credit, credit
cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Loans up to 30 days past due are considered current.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which
has overdues, and not the borrower-level outstanding.

F-
109

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of consumer loans at March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Non-revolving loans originated in   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2020   Prior to 2020
Mortgage loans   1,058,359.7   944,437.2   741,506.4   462,162.0   298,995.5   628,794.0   ..   4,134,254.8
Current 2   1,055,934.6   933,511.8   728,961.8   452,228.4   283,421.8   604,290.3   ..   4,058,348.7
Performing loans which are overdue 3   912.3   4,061.5   4,205.4   3,352.7   5,400.7   9,224.4   ..   27,157.0
Non-performing loans   1,512.8   6,863.9   8,339.2   6,580.9   10,173.0   15,279.3   ..   48,749.1
Other secured loans   767,285.7   351,286.0   158,656.6   69,620.7   29,365.0   18,026.4   313,650.5   1,707,890.9
Current 2   761,825.0   337,644.1   150,158.8   64,520.2   25,642.2   13,468.0   246,644.9   1,599,903.2
Performing loans which are overdue 3   3,180.5   8,376.2   4,929.6   2,792.9   1,736.6   960.8   39,963.2   61,939.8
Non-performing loans   2,280.2   5,265.7   3,568.2   2,307.6   1,986.2   3,597.6   27,042.4   46,047.9
Credit card receivables   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   523,037.0   523,037.0
Current 2   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   502,173.1   502,173.1
Performing loans which are overdue 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   11,022.0   11,022.0
Non-performing loans   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   9,841.9   9,841.9
Other unsecured loans   715,013.9   348,249.8   118,523.5   32,341.8   13,655.3   1,188.1   16,813.9   1,245,786.3
Current 2   709,942.8   337,304.6   113,432.7   30,961.7   12,429.1   790.0   16,771.9   1,221,632.8
Performing loans which are overdue 3   2,484.1   4,340.0   1,772.8   601.0   309.5   48.3   4.9   9,560.6
Non-performing loans   2,587.0   6,605.2   3,318.0   779.1   916.7   349.8   37.1   14,592.9
Total Gross loans   2,540,659.3   1,643,973.0   1,018,686.5   564,124.5   342,015.8   648,008.5   853,501.4   7,610,969.0
Provisions   (3,597.3   )   (10,145.8   )   (8,141.5   )   (5,570.5   )   (8,076.3   )   (12,713.0   )   (27,982.8   )   (76,227.2   )
Total net loans   2,537,062.0   1,633,827.2   1,010,545.0   558,554.0   333,939.5   635,295.5   825,518.6   7,534,741.8
Gross write-offs during Fiscal 2024   908.4   8,952.2   6,649.4   3,963.8   4,688.0   5,321.3   15,850.1   46,333.2

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, over drafts, cash credit, credit
cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Loans up to 30 days past due are considered current.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which
has overdues, and not the borrower-level outstanding.

F-
110

8.   Financial assets transferred during the year to securitization company/reconstruction company

The Bank transfers certain
assets to securitization companies’/asset reconstruction companies in compliance with the terms of the guidelines issued by the
Reserve Bank of India governing such transfer. The Bank transfers its non-performing assets to asset reconstruction companies primarily
in exchange for receipt of cash or securities in the form of security receipts issued by such asset reconstruction companies, wherein
payments to holders of securities are based on the actual realized cash flows from the transferred assets. In accordance with Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, in case of non-performing loans sold to asset reconstruction companies, the Bank reverses the excess provision
in profit and loss account in the year in which amounts are received. Any shortfall of sale value over the net book value on sale of such
assets is recognized by the Bank in the year in which the assets are sold. For the purpose of the valuation of underlying security receipts
issued by underlying trusts managed by asset reconstruction companies, the security receipts are valued at their respective net asset
values as advised by the asset reconstruction companies. Reserve Bank of India, through its revised norms for Government guaranteed Security
Receipts issued on March 29, 2025, has permitted banks to reverse any excess provision to the Profit and Loss Account in the year of transfer,
if a loan is transferred to an asset reconstruction company for a value higher than the net book value and the sale consideration comprises
only of cash and security receipts guaranteed by the Government of India. Such security receipts shall be valued periodically by reckoning
the Net Asset Value declared by the ARC based on the recovery ratings received for such instruments. At March 31, 2025, the Bank held
Government guaranteed security receipts amounting to Rs. 16,944.5 million, which were fully provided. The Bank, on a prudent basis, continues
to hold provision against such security receipts which will be reversed on actual receipt of recoveries or approval of claims, if any,
by the Government.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the details of the assets transferred.

Rupees in million, except
number of accounts

Year ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Number of accounts 1   40 2   21 2   205 2
Aggregate value (net of provisions) of accounts sold to securitization company/reconstruction company   144.3 2   .. 2   286.3 2
Aggregate consideration   20,859.7 3   1,861.9   1,739.9
Aggregate gain/(loss) over net book value   20,715.4   1,861.9   1,453.6
Provision reversed to profit and loss account on account of sale of NPAs   4,667.6   626.4   1,453.6

1.   Excludes accounts previously written-off.

2.   Includes Nil consumer loans (Fiscal 2024: Nil consumer loans, Fiscal 2023:
196 consumer loans amounting to Rs. 162.5 million)

3.   Includes consideration of Rs. 16,047.8 million in form of security receipts
which are fully provided.

F-
111

9.   Details of non-performing assets sold, excluding those
                                            sold to securitization company/reconstruction company

The Bank sells certain non-performing
assets to entities other than securitization company/reconstruction company in compliance with the terms of the guidelines issued by the
Reserve Bank of India on such sale. During Fiscal 2025 and Fiscal 2024 the Bank has not sold any non-performing assets to entities other
than securitization company/reconstruction company.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the details of non-performing assets sold to entities, excluding those sold to securitization company/reconstruction
company.

Rupees in million, except
number of accounts

Year ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
No. of accounts 1   ..   ..   1
Aggregate value (net of provisions) of accounts sold, excluding those sold to securitization company/reconstruction company   ..   ..   ..
Aggregate consideration   ..   ..   15.7
Aggregate gain/(loss) over net book value   ..   ..   15.7

1.   Represents corporate loans.

10.   Concentration of credit risk

Concentration of credit risk
exists when changes in economic, industry or geographic factors affect groups of counter-parties whose aggregate credit exposure is material
in relation to the Group’s total credit exposure. The Group’s portfolio of financial instruments is broadly diversified along
industry, product and geographic lines primarily within India.

The Group is subject to supervision
guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Group’s 20 largest exposures (non-bank) based on gross exposure (credit, derivative
and investments), totaled to Rs. 2,051,239.5 million at March 31, 2025 which represented 85.6% of the capital funds (March 31, 2024: Rs.
2,004,067.8 million represented 96.2% of the capital funds). The single largest exposure (non-bank) at March 31, 2025 was Rs. 300,239.6
million, which was included in rating category “AA” represented 12.5% of the capital funds (March 31, 2024: Rs. 198,649.4
million represented 9.5% of the capital funds).

The largest group of companies
under the same management control accounted for 29.6% of the capital funds at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: 30.7% of the capital funds).

11.   Loan commitments

The Group has outstanding undrawn
commitments to provide loans and financing to customers. These loan commitments aggregated to Rs. 7,062,177.7 million (including fund
based commitments fungible with non-fund based facilities) at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 6,232,555.7 million). The interest rate
on a significant portion of these commitments is dependent on the lending rates prevailing on the date of the loan disbursement. Further,
the commitments have fixed expiration dates and are generally contingent upon the borrower’s ability to maintain specific credit
standards.

F-
112

12.   Capital commitments

The Group is obligated under
a number of capital contracts. Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature, which have been committed. The amounts of contracts
remaining to be executed on capital account aggregated to Rs. 24,322.5 million at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 23,345.1 million).

13.   Derivatives

ICICI Bank Limited is a participant
in the financial derivatives market. The Bank deals in derivatives for balance sheet management, proprietary trading and market making
purposes whereby the Bank offers derivative products to its customers, enabling them to hedge their risks.

Dealing in derivatives is carried
out by identified groups in the treasury of the Bank based on the purpose of the transaction. Derivative transactions are entered into
by the treasury front office. The Bank’s Treasury and Securities Services Group conducts an independent check of the transactions
entered into by the front office and also undertakes activities such as confirmation, settlement, accounting, and ensures compliance with
various internal and regulatory guidelines. The Bank’s Treasury Monitoring and Reporting Group is responsible for reporting of performance
of treasury groups , reports related to Liquidity and Interest rate risk in the banking book and position & limit reporting (Value
at Risk, Net Open Position and stop loss, etc.).

The market making and the proprietary
trading activities in derivatives are governed by the Investment Policy which include Derivative policy of the Bank, which lays down the
position limits, stop loss limits as well as other risk limits. The Risk Management Group lays down the methodology for computation and
monitoring of risk. The Risk Committee of the Board reviews the Bank’s risk management policy in relation to various risks including
Credit and Recovery Policy, Investment Policy including Derivative Policy, Asset Liability Management Policy and Operational Risk Management
Policy. The Risk Committee of the Board comprises independent directors and the Executive Director of the Bank.

The Bank measures and monitors
risk of its derivatives portfolio using risk metrics such as Value at Risk (VaR), stop loss limits and relevant greeks for options. Risk
reporting on derivatives forms an integral part of the management information system.

Over the counter derivative
transactions are covered under International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreements with the respective counter parties.
The exposure on account of derivative transactions is computed as per RBI guidelines.

The use of derivatives for
hedging purposes is governed by the hedge policy approved by the Asset Liability Management Committee. Subject to prevailing regulatory
guidelines, the Group deals in derivatives for hedging fixed rate, floating rate or foreign currency assets/liabilities. Transactions
for hedging and market making purposes are recorded separately. For hedge transactions, the Bank identifies the hedged item (asset or
liability) at the inception of the hedge itself. The effectiveness is assessed at the time of inception of the hedge and periodically
thereafter.

Based on guidelines issued
by Reserve Bank of India on June 26, 2019, the accounting of hedge relationships established after June 26, 2019 is in accordance with
the Guidance Note on Accounting for Derivative Contracts issued by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Accordingly, for fair
value hedges established after June 26, 2019, the hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) are measured at
fair value with changes recognized in the profit and loss account by the Bank. The swaps under hedge relationships established prior to
that date are accounted for on an accrual basis and are not marked-to-market unless their underlying transaction is marked-to-market.
The Group companies measure the hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being

F-
113

hedged) at fair value with changes recognized
in the profit and loss account for fair value hedge. To the extent a cash flow hedge is effective, the change in the fair value of the
hedging instrument is recognized in cash flow hedge reserve and the ineffective portion of the hedge is accounted in the profit and loss
account. The premium or discount arising on inception of forward exchange contracts, which are not hedging instruments and are not intended
for trading purpose, is amortized over the life of the contract as interest income/expense. The premium on option contracts is accounted
for as per Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India guidelines.

        Credit
exposure on interest rate and currency derivative transactions (both trading and hedging), is computed using the current exposure method
according to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, which is arrived at by adding up the positive mark-to-market values and the potential
future exposure of these contracts. According to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the potential future exposure is determined by
multiplying the notional principal amount of each of these contracts (irrespective of whether the mark-to-market value of these contracts
is zero, positive or negative value) by the relevant add-on factor, ranging from 0.5% to 15%, according to the type of contract and residual
maturity of the instrument. The credit exposure for equity futures is computed based on the market value and open quantity of the contracts
at the balance sheet date and credit exposure for equity options is computed based on the price sensitivity of the option and open quantity
of the contracts at the balance sheet date.

The following table sets forth
the details of the notional amounts, fair value, realized/unrealized gain and loss on derivatives and credit exposure of trading derivatives
for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Gain/(loss) on derivatives   Credit exposure 3
Interest rate derivatives 1   51,894,372.2   64,119.7   (61,206.3   )   (14,474.0   )   457,490.0
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   23,484,301.2   68,784.5   (106,921.2   )   61,241.6   600,611.9
Equity derivatives   9,466.8   ..   (3.0   )   (505.0   )   3.8
Un-funded credit derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   Includes foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and
swap options.

2.   Includes foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and
foreign currency futures.

3.   Credit exposure is computed as per Current Exposure Method (CEM).

The following table sets forth
the details of the notional amounts, fair value, realized/unrealized gain and loss on derivatives and credit exposure of trading derivatives
for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Gain/(loss) on derivatives 4   Credit exposure 3
Interest rate derivatives 1   35,484,180.4   95,809.8   (86,808.5   )   (1,467.5   )   404,958.4
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   19,114,977.5   53,486.3   (75,028.3   )   36,210.5   484,773.6
Equity derivatives   2,519.9   7.5   ..   1,160.7   692.1
Un-funded credit derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   Includes foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and
swap options.

2.   Includes foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and
foreign currency futures.

3.   Credit exposure is computed as per Current Exposure Method (CEM) without
bilateral netting.

4.   The Bank has recovered Rs. 175.4 million from earlier recorded credit losses

F-
114

The following table
sets forth the details of the notional amounts, marked-to-market position and credit exposure of hedging derivatives for the year ended
March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Credit exposure
Interest rate derivatives 1   439,557.5   3,550.8   (123.0   )   4,535.7
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   Includes foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and
swap options.

2.   Includes foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and
foreign currency futures.

The following table
sets forth the details of the notional amounts, marked-to-market position and credit exposure of hedging derivatives for the year ended
March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Credit exposure
Interest rate derivatives 1   457,611.8   1,374.1   (7,409.7   )   4,115.5
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   Includes foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and
swap options.

2.   Includes foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and
foreign currency futures.

The gains/(losses) on hedged
items arising from changes in fair value for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 amounted to Rs. (5,489.8) million and Rs. (24.2) million respectively
and gains/(losses) on corresponding hedging instruments arising from changes in fair value during fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 amounted
to Rs. 5,922.0 million and Rs. 442.7 million respectively.

The gains/(losses) on cash
flow hedges recorded in cash flow hedge reserve for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 amounted to Rs. 4,540.4 million and Rs. 6,797.2 million
respectively. At year-end fiscal 2025 and 2024, Nil loss recorded in cash flow hedge reserve is expected to be reclassified into earnings
during the next 12 months. This amount could differ from amounts actually recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations
or the addition of other hedges subsequent to year-end fiscal 2025. During fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, there were no gains/(losses) reclassified
from cash flow hedge reserve into earnings on account of discontinuance of cash flow hedges. At year-end fiscal 2025, the maximum length
of time over which the Group was hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows was 132 months (year-end fiscal 2024: 120
months). At year-end fiscal 2025, accumulated cash flow hedge reserve was Rs. 11,906.6 million (year-end fiscal 2024: Rs. 7,319.6 million).
During fiscal 2025, net amount of gain/(loss) reclassified from accumulated cash flow hedge reserve to earnings was Rs. 46.6 million (fiscal
2024: Rs. (22.0) million),as ineffective portion of hedges.

Additionally, the Group
has also hedged the foreign currency exposure of its net investment in foreign operations through currency forward contracts of a notional
amount of Rs. 48,023.8 million at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 47,989.3 million). The gross positive and negative fair values of
these hedging instruments were Rs. 435.6 million at March 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 221.2 million) and Rs. (23.1) million at March 31,
2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. (31.3) million) respectively and the credit exposure was Rs. 1,416.2 million at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024:
Rs. 1,325.8 million).

F-
115

14.   Tax contingencies

Various tax-related legal proceedings
are pending against the Group at various levels of appeal either with the tax authorities or in the courts. Where, after considering all
available information, a liability requires accrual in the opinion of management, the Group accrues such liability.

Where
such proceedings are sufficiently advanced to enable management to assess that a liability exists and are subject to reasonable estimation,
management records its best estimate of such liability. The contested tax demands are adjusted by the tax authorities against refunds
due to each entity of the Group on favorable resolution of other years’ appeals/summary assessments or paid or kept in abeyance
in accordance with the terms of any stay order. The payment/adjustment/stay does not prejudice the outcome of the appeals filed by the
Group. The tax payments are recorded as tax paid under other assets.

At March 31, 2025, the Group
has assessed its contingent tax liability at an aggregate of Rs. 160,674.8 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 103,487.0 million), mainly pertaining
to income tax, interest tax, service tax, goods and services tax and sales tax/value added tax demands by the Indian tax authorities for
past years. The Group has appealed or is in the process of filing an appeal against each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with
counsels, favorable decisions in own cases/advance ruling in other similar cases, or as per the Group’s internal assessment as set
out below, the Group’s management believes that the tax authorities are not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments
and accordingly has not provided for these tax demands at March 31, 2025. Disputed tax issues that are classified as remote are not disclosed
as contingent liabilities by the Group.

The Group's contingent liabilities
on direct tax amounted to Rs. 96,212.6 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 83,170.4 million) which include appeals filed by the Group or the
tax authorities, where the Group has relied on favorable opinions from counsels, past decisions by appellate authorities in own cases
or other similar cases, or as per the Group’s internal assessment. The key disputed liabilities are detailed below:

Disallowance of expenses
to earn tax free income: Rs. 23,237.0 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 28,639.0 million)
mainly relates to whether interest expenses can
be attributed to earning tax-free income. The Group believes that no interest can be allocated thereto as there are no borrowings earmarked
for investments in shares/tax free bonds and the interest-free funds are sufficient to cover investments in the underlying tax-free securities.

Mark-to-market losses on
derivatives: Rs. 15,614.3 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 15,625.9  million)
relates to the disallowance of mark-to-market
losses on derivative transactions treated by the tax authorities as notional losses.

Disallowance of marketing
expenditure: Rs 13,973.6 million (March 31, 2024: Nil)
 pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, treated as inadmissible
by the tax authorities.

Interest on perpetual bonds:
Rs 11,225.9 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 10,685.4 million)
 relates to the disallowance of interest paid on perpetual bonds. The tax
authorities do not deem these instruments as borrowings and therefore the interest paid on these bonds has not been allowed as a deduction.

Provision for year-end operating
expense: Rs. 7,224.1 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 6,950.5 million)
relates to disallowance of provision for year-end operating expense
by the tax authorities treating it as contingent in nature.

F-
116

Depreciation on leased assets:
Rs. 7,037.5 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 6,303.5 million
) relates to the disallowance of depreciation claimed on leased assets due
to treatment of the lease transactions as loan transactions by the tax authorities.

Interest on non-performing
assets: Rs. 5,383.0 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 5,128.5 million)
relates to interest on non-performing assets de-recognized as per
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines after 90 days. Interest income is assessed to tax on the ground that tax law has 180 days limit as
against 90 days followed by the Bank.

Disallowance of write off
in respect of credit cards: Rs. 4,161.6 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 3,993.2 million)
 relates to the disallowance of written-off amount
for credit cards for claiming bad debt write-offs. It has been disallowed on the ground that the credit card business is not a banking
business or pertaining to money lending and hence did not fulfill conditions for claim of bad debt write off.

Taxability of amounts withdrawn
from Special Reserve created up to Assessment Year 1997-98: Rs. 2,110.9 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 1,030.6 million)
 relates to
two special reserve accounts maintained by the ICICI Ltd., which included a special reserve created up to assessment year 1997-98. Withdrawals
from the account were assessed as taxable by the tax authorities for assessment years 1998-99 to 2000-01. The Group has received favorable
orders in respect of these assessment years. However, the income tax authorities have preferred further appeal against the favorable
orders.

The Group’s contingent
liabilities on service tax, goods and services tax and sales tax/value added tax amounted to Rs. 64,462.2 million (March 31, 2024: Rs.
20,316.6 million), which mainly pertains to the demands along with interest and penalty levied by the respective tax authorities, where
the Group has relied on favorable opinions from counsels and past decisions in own cases/advance ruling by authorities in other similar
cases. The key disputed liabilities are detailed below.

Goods and Services tax:
Rs. 32,514.0 million (March 31, 2024: Nil)
pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited relates to the eligibility
of input tax credit on certain expenses.

Goods and Services
Tax: Rs. 5,900.3 million (March 31, 2024: Nil)
pertaining to the Bank relates to order on levy of GST on notional value of
services provided by the Bank to customers maintaining specified Minimum Average Balance (MAB) in their deposit accounts.

Goods and Services Tax:
Rs. 4,920.6 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 4,920.6 million)
pertaining to ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited relates to
denial of input tax credit availed and utilized on certain expenses pertaining to advertisement and manpower services.

Service tax credit (CENVAT):
Rs. 3,936.5 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 3,805.2 million)
pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited largely relates
to the disallowance of CENVAT credit in respect of services of re-insurance of motor insurance policies and contesting the methodology
of computation of CENVAT credit reversal.

CENVAT credit on interchange
fees: Rs. 2,048.0 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 2,048.0 million)
 pertaining to the Bank relates to disallowance of CENVAT credit on
ATM interchange fees paid to acquiring banks and switching fee paid to settlement agency on the basis of monthly statement and 100% penalty
on the same.

Goods and Services
Tax: Rs. 1,007.6 million (March 31, 2024: Nil)
pertaining to the Bank relates to order on levy of GST under Reverse Charge
Mechanism (RCM) on the reimbursement of expenses made by the Bank to its representative offices situated outside India.

CENVAT credit on Deposit
Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC) premium: Rs. 767.9 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 1,012.6 million)
 pertaining to
the Bank relates to

F-
117

disallowance of CENVAT credit availed by the Bank
on deposit insurance premium paid by the Bank to DICGC.

Based on judicial precedents
in the Group’s own cases and similar other cases and upon consultation with the tax counsels, the management believes that it is
more likely than not that the Group’s tax positions will be sustained. Accordingly, no provision has been made in the accounts.

The above-mentioned
contingent liabilities do not include Rs. 133,702.2 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 141,164.0 million) considered as remote and
therefore, are not required to be disclosed as contingent liability. Of the total disputed tax demands classified as remote, amount
consisting of Rs. 60,231.7 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 19,017.5 million) pertains to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited mainly relating to disallowance of provision for insurance claims, disallowance for non-deduction of tax on certain
expenses, disallowance of exempt income, non-payment of goods and services tax on co-insurance premium, re-insurance commission and
motor salvage and reimbursement; Rs. 49,473.8 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 49,473.8 million) pertains to incorrect tax rate
considered by tax authorities for fiscal 2021; Rs. 21,786.8 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 25,945.0 million) mainly pertains to the
deduction of bad debts, broken period interest, and levy of penalties, which are covered by favorable decisions by the Supreme Court
of India in the Group’s own/other cases; and Rs. 2,209.9 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 4,077.7 million) pertains to errors
requiring rectification by tax authorities.

15.   Litigation

A number of litigations and
claims against the Group (and its directors and officers) are pending in various forums. The claims on the Group (and its directors and
officers) mainly arise in connection with civil cases involving allegations of service deficiencies, property or labor disputes, fraudulent
transactions, economic offences and other cases filed in the normal course of business. The Group is also subject to counter-claims arising
in connection with its enforcement of contracts and loans. A provision is created where an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable and
in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. In view of inherent unpredictability of litigation and cases where claims sought
are substantial in value, actual cost of resolving litigations may be substantially different than the provision held or the contingent
liability recognized. For cases where unfavorable outcome is deemed to be reasonably possible, it is not possible to make an estimate
of the possible loss or range of possible losses though aggregate of such amounts are recognized as contingent liabilities. The total
amount of claims against the Group where an unfavorable outcome is deemed ‘probable’ was Rs. 11,321.5 million against which
provision of Rs. 7,529.2 million has been recognized. The total amount of claims where unfavorable outcome is deemed ‘possible’
was Rs. 6,913.9 million at March 31, 2025, which has been included under contingent liability of the Group. Based upon a review of open
matters with its legal counsels including loss contingency on account of such litigation and claims, and classification of such contingency
as 'probable', 'possible' or 'remote' and with due provisioning for the relevant litigation and claims, the management believes that the
outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's consolidated financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.

F-
118

16.   Segmental Information

The following table sets forth, the business segment
results for the year ended March 31, 2025 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note 11A. The Bank's Chief Operating Decision
Maker (CODM) evaluates these segment results to assess performance and to allocate resources based on factors like multifaceted business,
strategic and financial considerations while keeping the strategic focus on customer centricity and focusing on ecosystems and micro-markets
in line with business plans approved by the Board of Directors. The CODM evaluates certain additional performance metrics, including
bank-level profit before tax excluding treasury gains (calculated as profit before tax less Income from treasury-related activities)
that aid in measuring Bank’s strategic progress. The Bank’s CODM is the committee of Executive Directors consisting of the
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Directors.

Rupees in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Interest income   1,407,433.8   742,774.2   1,304,706.7   67,707.0   89,893.7   33,543.2   81,152.7   (1,863,896.7   )   1,863,314.6
2   Non interest income   154,413.0   81,587.9   45,716.4   7,376.2   512,348.7   222,967.7   107,173.8   (49,028.9   )   1,082,554.8
3   Total income (1) + (2)   1,561,846.8   824,362.1   1,350,423.1   75,083.2   602,242.4   256,510.9   188,326.5   (1,912,925.6   )   2,945,869.4
External revenue   916,739.1   540,894.1   384,301.7   71,895.1   601,830.5   251,061.5   179,147.4   ..   2,945,869.4
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal revenue   645,107.7   283,468.0   966,121.4   3,188.1   411.9   5,449.4   9,179.1   (1,912,925.6   )   ..
4   Interest expense   969,854.6   541,043.4   1,140,912.8   46,557.7   1,137.8   2.9   54,658.0   (1,863,890.7   )   890,276.5
5   Operating expenses   304,472.2   90,214.0   24,754.2   12,200.7   587,610.7   223,758.9   57,879.5   (22,890.4   )   1,277,999.8
6   Provisions   71,309.6   (22,541.6   )   (2,747.1   )   1,812.9   129.6   (463.8   )   1,558.0   ..   49,057.6
7   Segment results 1 (3)-(4)-(5)-(6)   216,210.4   215,646.3   187,503.2   14,511.9   13,364.3   33,212.9   74,230.8   (26,144.3   )   728,535.5
8   Unallocated expenses   ..
9   Share of profit from associates   1,506.6
10   Operating profit 1 (7) – (8) + (9)   730,042.1
11   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   184,348.3
12   Net profit 2 (10) – (11)   545,693.8
Other information
13   Segment assets   7,929,301.9   5,482,698.2   7,227,332.6   1,025,594.7   3,140,885.4   685,617.4   1,029,682.0   (154,037.2   )   26,367,075.0
14   Unallocated assets   55,339.1
15   Total assets (13) + (14)   26,422,414.1
16   Segment liabilities   11,119,662.2   5,559,973.9   4,306,765.4 3   595,655.2 3   3,142,401.4 3   690,202.5 3   1,030,790.7 3   (154,037.2   ) 3   26,291,414.1
17   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
18   Total capital and liabilities (16)
+ (17)   26,422,414.1

F-
119

Rupees in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
19   Capital expenditure   27,062.6   11,779.3   2,054.9   2,449.5   2,808.5   2,631.7   4,057.8   ..   52,844.3
20   Depreciation   14,068.8   5,983.3   1,005.0   672.2   1,333.8   1,244.1   1,982.4   (16.4   )   26,273.2

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

4.   The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly
provided to the CODM.

	The following table sets forth, the business
segment results for the year ended March 31, 2024 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note 11A.

Rupees in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail
banking   Wholesale
banking   Treasury   Other
banking business   Life
insurance   General
insurance   Others   Inter-
segment adjustments   Total
1   Interest income   1,208,554.8   649,232.6   1,117,447.1   58,652.1   74,377.2   2,596.8   62,738.3   (1,578,439.7   )   1,595,159.2
2   Non interest income   136,920.9   68,569.6   19,571.2   5,381.9   467,984.1   16,361.3   77,630.4   (27,201.4   )   765,218.0
3   Total income (1) + (2)   1,345,475.7   717,802.2   1,137,018.3   64,034.0   542,361.3   18,958.1   140,368.7   (1,605,641.1   )   2,360,377.2
External revenue   791,317.3   491,258.8   306,964.0   62,415.0   541,426.2   18,612.7   148,383.2   ..   2,360,377.2
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal revenue   554,158.4   226,543.4   830,054.3   1,619.0   935.1   345.4   (8,014.5   )   (1,605,641.1   )   ..
4   Interest expense   821,230.8   457,144.1   963,561.3   35,852.2   823.5   3.1   40,904.9   (1,578,438.3   )   741,081.6
5   Operating expenses   283,844.1   83,057.7   20,711.3   11,105.3   532,377.0   16,480.8   39,262.6   (9,010.8   )   977,828.0
6   Provisions   51,909.1   (22,116.7   )   6,336.9   692.5   (71.5   )   269.5   104.2   ..   37,124.0
7   Segment results 1 (3)-(4)-(5)-(6)   188,491.7   199,717.1   146,408.8   16,384.0   9,232.3   2,204.7   60,097.0   (18,192.0   )   604,343.6
8   Unallocated expenses   ..
9   Share of profit from associates   10,737.7
10   Operating profit 1 (7) – (8) + (9)   615,081.3
11   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   154,276.2
12   Net profit 2 (10) – (11)   460,805.1
Other information
13   Segment assets   7,193,136.2   4,824,561.0   6,340,548.0   893,056.2   2,987,952.9   628,317.0   879,966.1   (182,618.8   )   23,564,918.6
14   Unallocated assets   75,711.7
15   Total assets (13) + (14)   23,640,630.3
16   Segment liabilities   10,198,454.9   4,565,715.3   3,815,846.8 3   607,215.6 3   2,989,997.0 3   633,082.9 3   881,936.6 3   (182,618.8   ) 3   23,509,630.3
17   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
18   Total capital and liabilities (16)
+ (17)   23,640,630.3

F-
120

Rupees in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail
banking   Wholesale
banking   Treasury   Other
banking business   Life
insurance   General
insurance   Others   Inter-segment adjustments   Total
19   Capital expenditure   19,984.4   7,806.3   1,390.0   598.4   3,128.9   139.6   3,529.4   ..   36,577.0
20   Depreciation   10,978.1   4,596.4   788.2   444.8   1,129.0   93.5   1,338.5   (16.4   )   19,352.1

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

4.   The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly
provided to the CODM.

The following table sets forth, the business segment
results for the year ended March 31, 2023 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note 11A.

Rupees in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Interest income   915,876.8   450,656.6   828,836.2   40,400.1   60,020.5   40,440.2   (1,125,563.1   )   1,210,667.3
2   Non interest income   121,876.6   55,491.9   16,532.9   4,239.9   419,281.2   56,819.7   (23,121.5   )   651,120.7
3   Total income (1) + (2)   1,037,753.4   506,148.5   845,369.1   44,640.0   479,301.7   97,259.9   (1,148,684.6   )   1,861,788.0
External revenue   624,349.7   366,629.6   241,880.1   44,192.1   478,712.6   106,023.9   ..   1,861,788.0
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal revenue   413,403.7   139,518.9   603,489.1   447.9   589.1   (8,764.1   )   (1,148,684.6   )   ..
4   Interest expense   598,776.5   300,653.5   680,935.1   24,607.8   864.2   25,158.9   (1,125,562.1   )   505,433.9
5   Operating expenses   240,343.8   67,489.5   17,905.1   8,897.9   467,921.9   29,445.5   (7,613.3   )   824,390.4
6   Provisions   23,296.3   (19,852.3   )   6,156.8   1,119.8   1,546.7   631.8   ..   12,899.1
7   Segment results 1 (3)-(4)-(5)-(6)   175,336.8   157,857.8   140,372.1   10,014.5   8,968.9   42,023.7   (15,509.2   )   519,064.6
8   Unallocated expenses   56,500.0
9   Share of profit from associates   9,982.9
10   Operating profit 1 (7) – (8) + (9)   472,547.5
11   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   117,934.4
12   Net profit 2 (10) – (11)   354,613.1
Other information
13   Segment assets   6,039,593.7   4,328,743.5   5,129,405.0   836,960.5   2,556,899.0   711,348.4   (114,612.3   )   19,488,337.8
14   Unallocated assets   96,567.2
15   Total assets (13) + (14)   19,584,905.0
16   Segment liabilities   8,913,545.4   3,472,764.9   3,344,275.6 3   564,779.6 3   2,558,472.0 3   714,679.8 3   (114,612.3   ) 3   19,453,905.0
17   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0

F-
121

Rupees in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
18   Total capital and liabilities (16) + (17)   19,584,905.0
19   Capital expenditure   11,682.9   5,251.8   610.6   455.2   1,357.0   1,884.8   ..   21,242.3
20   Depreciation   9,274.5   3,427.2   335.8   405.2   835.1   884.2   (16.4   )   15,145.6

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

4.   The significant expense categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the CODM.

The results of reported segments for the year
ended March 31, 2025 are not comparable with that of reported segments for the year ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 to the extent
changes in reportable segments.

17.   Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group recognizes the revenue
from contracts with customers primarily in the line item ‘commission, exchange and brokerage’ of ‘Schedule 14 - Other
income’. The primary components of commission, exchange and brokerage are transaction banking fee, lending linked fee, fund management
fee, commercial banking fee, securities brokerage income and third party products distribution fee.

The transaction banking fee
primarily includes card related fee such as interchange fee, joining fee and annual fee, income on ATM transactions, deposit accounts
related transaction charges and charges for normal transaction banking services and fee on cash management services, commission on bank
guarantees, letters of credit and bills discounting. The lending linked fee primarily includes loan processing fee and fee on foreclosure/prepayment
of loans. The fund management fee includes the income earned by the Bank’s asset management subsidiary on mutual fund schemes and
by the private equity fund management subsidiary on private equity funds. The brokerage income earned by the Bank’s securities broking
subsidiary on securities transactions by its customers is included in the securities brokerage income. The third party products distribution
fee primarily includes income earned on distribution of products such as mutual funds, insurance products and bonds.

The revenue is recognized at
the time when the performance obligation under the terms of contractual arrangement is completed. The Group generally recognizes the revenue
either immediately upon completion of services or over time as the Group performs the services. In cases where the consideration is received
in advance from customers by the Group,

F-
122

a liability is recorded and the same is subsequently
recognized as revenue over the contract period or on completion of the performance obligation under the contract. The Group does not have
any significant contract assets and contract liabilities at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.

The segment-wise breakup of
the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2025 is given below.

Rupees in million

Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other banking  business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   I nter segment/ company adjustmen t   Total
1   Transaction banking fee   100,654.4   32,409.4   ..   2,185.0   ..   ..   69.4   (889.3   )   134,428.9
2   Lending linked fee   27,397.2   17,411.1   ..   1,830.2   10.7   ..   2,218.1   (664.0   )   48,203.3
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   47,973.1   (0.6   )   47,972.5
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   20,805.5   (38.8   )   20,766.7
5   Third party products distribution fee   10,282.3   ..   ..   125.6   ..   ..   7,228.7   (5,931.7   )   11,704.9
6   Others   932.7   3,278.8   975.1   ..   ..   19,268.0   (9,869.3   )   14,585.3
Total   139,266.6   53,099.3   ..   5,115.9   10.7   ..   97,562.8   (17,393.7   )   277,661.6

1.   Out of the total revenue of Rs. 277,661.6 million, amount of revenue recognized point in time is Rs. 253,600.6
million and amount of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 24,061.0 million.

The segment-wise breakup of
the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2024 is given below.

Rupees in million

Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other banking  business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter segment/ company adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking fee   87,607.1   27,779.2   ..   2,202.4   ..   ..   55.1   (753.2   )   116,890.6
2   Lending linked fee   25,325.3   14,033.5   ..   1,118.4   7.0   ..   2,174.8   (474.6   )   42,184.4
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   34,890.6   (0.6   )   34,890.0
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   18,774.2   (65.8   )   18,708.4
5   Third party products distribution fee   9,709.6   ..   ..   124.1   ..   ..   6,846.6   (5,086.7   )   11,593.6
6   Others   762.0   2,604.1   5.4   658.8   ..   ..   8,676.8   (1,255.5   )   11,451.7
Total   123,404.0   44,416.8   5.4   4,103.7   7.0   ..   71,418.1   (7,636.4   )   235,718.7

1.   Out of the total revenue of Rs. 235,718.7 million, amount
of revenue recognized point in time is Rs. 215,461.4 million and amount of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 20,257.3 million.

F-
123

The segment-wise breakup of
the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2023 is given below.

Rupees in million

Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other banking  business   Life insurance   Others   Inter segment/ company adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking fee   75,390.4   22,871.7   ..   1,156.2   ..   37.5   (632.5   )   98,823.3
2   Lending linked fee   23,659.0   13,403.0   ..   1,172.9   5.8   1,628.5   (253.8   )   39,615.4
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   27,550.4   (0.6   )   27,549.8
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   12,563.0   (6.8   )   12,556.2
5   Third party products distribution fee   9,390.9   ..   ..   0.4   ..   6,532.1   (5,673.4   )   10,250.0
6   Others   811.3   1,342.7   10.2   408.2   ..   5,348.1   (230.5   )   7,690.0
Total   109,251.6   37,617.4   10.2   2,737.7   5.8   53,659.6   (6,797.6   )   196,484.7

1.   Out of the total revenue of Rs. 196,484.7 million, amount of revenue recognized point in time is Rs. 177,416.7 million and amount
of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 19,068.0 million.

F-
124

18.   Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS)/ Employee Stock Unit Scheme (ESUS)

The following table sets forth
a summary of the Bank’s stock options outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Number of options   Weighted-average exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   198,731,466   411.26   3.81   135,542.5
Add: Granted during the year 1   15,964,860   1,052.89
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   1,997,001   896.53
Less: Exercised during the year   42,832,398   335.58
Outstanding at the end of the year   169,866,927   484.94   3.35   146,664.3
Options exercisable   137,704,023   379.06   2.80   133,475.2

1.   Includes 3.0 million number of options granted to employees of ICICI Securities
Limited (including its subsidiaries) in accordance with the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Securities Limited
and their respective shareholders for delisting of ICICI Securities Limited.

The following table sets forth
a summary of the Bank’s stock options outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Number
of options   Weighted-average
exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average
remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   225,025,803   361.60   4.43   116,036.0
Add: Granted during the year   14,635,600   894.95
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   1,410,025   728.44
Less: Exercised during the year   39,519,912   296.27
Outstanding at the end of the year   198,731,466   411.26   3.81   135,542.5
Options exercisable   159,296,026   324.55   3.34   122,458.4

F-
125

The following table sets forth
a summary of the Bank’s stock units outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Number of options   Weighted-average exercise price (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   4,190,810   2.00   6.24   10,814.3
Add: Granted during the year 1   4,964,420   2.00
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   371,263   2.00
Less: Exercised during the year   751,672   2.00
Outstanding at the end of the year   8,032,295   2.00   5.90   10,814.3
Options exercisable   560,656   2.00   3.72   754.8

1.   Includes 0.6 million number of units granted to employees of ICICI Securities
Limited (including its subsidiaries) in accordance with the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank
Limited and ICICI Securities Limited and their respective shareholders for delisting of ICICI Securities Limited.

The following table sets forth
a summary of the Bank’s stock units outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Number of options   Weighted-average exercise price (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year   4,419,670   2.00
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   228,860   2.00
Less: Exercised during the year   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   4,190,810   2.00   6.24   4,573.4
Options exercisable   2,700   2.00   4.60   2.9

Total fair value
of options vested was Rs. 6,501.9 million for the year ended March 31, 2025, Rs. 4,852.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2024 and
Rs. 4,630.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2023. Total fair value of units vested was Rs. 1,188.0 million for the year ended March
31, 2025 and Rs. 2.4 million for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Total aggregate intrinsic
value of options exercised was Rs. 37,694.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2025, Rs. 26,462.2 million for the year ended March 31,
2024 and Rs 19,325.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2023. Total aggregate intrinsic value of units exercised was Rs. 878.4 million
for the year ended March 31, 2025.

F-
126

The total compensation
cost of options related to non-vested awards not yet recognized at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 was Rs. 3,354.7 million
and

Rs. 3,238.3 million respectively and the weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized was 1.48 years and
1.42 years respectively.

The total compensation
cost of units related to non-vested awards not yet recognized at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 was Rs. 2,445.2 million
and

Rs. 1,462.1 million respectively and the weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized was 1.45 years and
1.59 years respectively.

The following table
sets forth a summary of stock options exercisable at March 31, 2025.

Range of exercise price (Rupees per share)   Number of options   Weighted- average exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
60-199   1,188,860   157.91   0.76   1,415.3
200-399   88,958,357   269.18   2.81   96,000.9
400-599   31,580,712   491.68   2.41   27,054.4
600-799   11,731,359   743.89   3.58   7,091.1
800-999   4,244,735   897.57   4.03   1,913.5

The following table
sets forth a summary of stock options exercisable at March 31, 2024.

Range of exercise price (Rupees per share)   Number of options   Weighted- average exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
60-199   4,012,005   161.88   1.25   3,736.9
200-399   115,605,713   267.72   3.54   95,442.1
400-599   33,285,234   460.23   2.73   21,071.8
600-799   6,371,084   747.64   4.07   2,202.2
800-999   21,990   849.11   4.57   5.4

The following table
sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock options outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value per share at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2024   39,435,440   306.85
Add: Granted during the year   15,964,860   444.76
Less: Vested during the year   21,345,542   304.60
Less: Forfeited during the year   1,891,854   357.55
Unvested at March 31, 2025   32,162,904   373.82

F-
127

The following table
sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock options outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value per share at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2023   52,087,270   237.58
Add: Granted during the year   14,635,600   340.59
Less: Vested during the year   25,931,860   187.11
Less: Forfeited during the year   1,355,570   299.92
Unvested at March 31, 2024   39,435,440   306.85

The following table
sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock units outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value per share at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2024   4,188,110   879.43
Add: Granted during the year.   4,964,420   1,120.43
Less: Vested during the year.   1,313,006   904.82
Less: Forfeited during the year   367,885   995.55
Unvested at March 31, 2025.   7,471,639   1,029.38

The following table
sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock units outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value per share at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2023   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year.   4,419,670   879.43
Less: Vested during the year.   2,700   879.43
Less: Forfeited during the year   228,860   879.43
Unvested at March 31, 2024.   4,188,110   879.43

The following table
sets forth for the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Risk-free interest rate   6.42% to 7.11%   6.88% to 7.32%   5.99% to 7.37%
Expected term   3.43 years to 5.43 years   3.23 years to 5.23 years   3.23 years to 5.23 years
Expected volatility   18.01% to 33.27%   24.78% to 37.41%   34.79% to 38.98%
Expected dividend yield   0.65% to 0.83%   0.56% to 0.85%   0.27% to 0.72%

F-
128

The following table
sets forth for the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of units.

Year ended March 31,
2025   2024
Risk-free interest rate   6.42% to 7.09%   6.82% to 6.94%
Expected term   1.58 years to 3.58 years   1.58 years to 3.58 years
Expected volatility   16.49% to 24.72%   23.63% to 36.56%
Expected dividend yield   0.72% to 0.74%   0.56%

Risk free interest
rates over the expected term of the option/units are based on the government securities yield in effect at the time of the grant.

The expected term
of an option/units is estimated based on the vesting term as well as expected exercise behavior of the employees who receive the option/units.
Expected exercise behavior is generally estimated based on the historical exercise pattern of the Bank.

Expected volatility
during the estimated expected term of the option/units is based on historical volatility determined based on observed market prices of
the Bank's publicly traded equity shares.

Expected dividends
during the estimated expected term of the option/units are based on recent dividend activity.

The key assumptions
for the year ended March 31, 2025 also includes the key assumptions used for options/units granted to employees of ICICI Securities Limited
in accordance with the Scheme.

19.   Selected information from
                                            Indian GAAP financials

The following tables
set forth, for the periods indicated, the income statement and balance sheet, by following the guidance of Regulation S-X.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Interest income   1,863,314.7   1,595,159.2   1,210,668.1
Interest expense   890,276.5   741,081.6   505,433.9
Net interest income   973,038.2   854,077.6   705,234.2
Provision for loan losses & others   41,056.5   30,074.5   55,482.3
Provision for depreciation on investments   8,001.1   7,049.6   13,917.0
Net interest income after provision for loan losses and investments   923,980.6   816,953.5   635,834.9
Non-interest income   1,082,554.7   765,218.0   651,119.9
Non-interest expense   1,277,999.8   977,827.9   824,390.2
Income before income tax expense, minority interest and share of profit in associates   728,535.5   604,343.6   462,564.6
Income tax expense   184,348.3   154,276.2   117,934.4
Income before minority interest and share of profit in associates   544,187.2   450,067.4   344,630.2
Add: Share of profit in associates   1,506.6   10,737.7   9,982.9
Net profit for the year before minority interest   545,693.8   460,805.1   354,613.1
Less: Minority interest   35,401.8   18,241.4   14,246.7
Net income   510,292.0   442,563.7   340,366.4
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Earnings per equity share: (Rs.)
Basic   72.41   63.19   48.86
Diluted   71.14   61.96   47.84
Weighted average number of equity shares used in computing earnings per equity share (millions)
Basic   7,048   7,004   6,966
Diluted   7,167   7,132   7,105

1.   During fiscal 2024, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and I-Process
Services (India) Private Limited become subsidiaries due to increase in the Bank’s shareholding above 50.0%. Accordingly, the consolidated
profit and loss statement for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 are not comparable with fiscal 2023.

F-
129

Rupees in million
At March
31,
2025   2024
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents 1   2,140,234.6   1,627,689.0
Investments 1   8,863,768.1   8,271,625.1
Loans, net 1,2   14,206,637.1   12,607,762.0
Property, plant and equipment   158,122.3   132,394.0
Goodwill   84,594.3   24,741.6
Deferred tax asset (net)   48,410.0   63,115.8
Interest accrued, outstanding fees and other income   249,019.1   219,934.8
Assets held for sale   1.9   8.8
Other assets   671,626.7   693,359.2
Total assets   26,422,414.1   23,640,630.3
Liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits   14,041,328.9   12,448,353.8
Non-interest bearing deposits   2,375,045.1   1,987,445.7
Short-term borrowings and trading liabilities   934,004.2   757,731.8
Long-term debt   1,254,830.2   1,316,548.2
Other liabilities   4,529,779.2   4,430,228.2
Total liabilities   23,134,987.6   20,940,307.7
Minority interest   148,367.4   138,884.2
Stockholders’ equity   3,139,059.1   2,561,438.4
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equit y   26,422,414.1   23,640,630.3

1.   Includes cash and cash equivalents investments and loans amounting to Rs. 304,219.7
million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 290,271.3 million) pledged as security towards short-term borrowings amounting to Rs. 292,050.8 million (March
31, 2024: Rs. 286,293.8 million).

2.   Includes loans amounting to Rs. 282,717.7 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 273,274.7  million)
pledged as security towards long-term borrowings amounting to Rs. 275,066.1 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 266,868.8 million).

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, the statement of stockholders’ equity.

Rupees in million
Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue and other reserves 1   Other special reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2024   14,046.8   14,053.2   519,436.4   1,046,835.5   967,066.4
Proceeds from issue of share capital   199.2   ..   86,696.4 3   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   8,866.2 4,5   ..   328,297.4 6   162,891.4
Deductions during the year   ..   (2,221.0) 7   ..   (5,432.1) 8   (1,676.7) 9
Balance at March 31, 2025   14,246.0   20,698.4   606,132.8   1,369,700.8   1,128,281.1

F-
130

1.   Includes revenue and other reserves, AFS reserve and balance
in profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve, special reserve, capital reserve, foreign currency translation
reserve, revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve and capital redemption reserve.

3.   Includes Rs. 68,876.0 million on account of issuance of equity shares to the
                                                           shareholders of ICICI Securities Limited in accordance with the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI
                                                           Securities Limited and the respective shareholders for delisting of ICICI Securities Limited.

4.   Includes cost of employee stock options/units recognized during the year.

5.   Includes Rs. 964.7 million towards creation of ESOP reserve for the options/units
granted to employees of ICICI Securities Limited in accordance with the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI Securities
Limited and their respective shareholders for delisting of ICICI Securities Limited.

6.   In accordance with Master Direction issued by RBI on Classification, Valuation and
Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks, Directions 2023, applicable from April 1, 2024, during FY2025, the Group has accounted
net transition gain of Rs. 20,583.1 million (net of tax) and Rs. 14,082.9 million (net of tax and minority interest) in AFS reserve and
General reserve respectively.

7.   Represents amount transferred to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee
stock options/units and to General Reserve on lapses of employee stock options/units.

8.   Includes Rs. 3,693.8 million towards deduction in fair value change account of insurance
subsidiaries due to fair valuation of investments held insurance subsidiaries.

9.   Includes amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account
of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation and revaluation surplus on premises sold. Also includes the amount of loss on revaluation
of certain assets which were held for sale.

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, the statement of stockholders’ equity.

Rupees in million
Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue and other reserves 1   Other special reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2023   13,967.8   7,608.8   507,229.5   797,727.0   818,444.9
Proceeds from issue of share capital   79.0   ..   12,206.1   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   7,028.4 3   0.8 4   249,252.8 5   149,601.6 6
Deductions during the year   ..   (584.0) 7   ..   (144.3)   (980.1) 8
Balance at March 31, 2024   14,046.8   14,053.2   519,436.4   1,046,835.5   967,066.4

1.   Includes revenue and other reserves, unrealized investment reserve and balance in
profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve, special reserve, capital reserve, foreign currency translation
reserve, revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve and capital redemption reserve.

3.   Represents cost of employee stock options/units recognized during the year.

4.   Represents the ESOP cost recognized by the overseas banking subsidiaries under fair
value method.

5.   Includes Rs. 4,308.9 million towards addition in fair value change account of insurance subsidiaries
due to fair valuation of investments held insurance subsidiaries.

6.   Includes transfer of accumulated translation loss of Rs. 3,396.6 million related
to closure of Bank’s Offshore Banking Unit, SEEPZ Mumbai, to profit and loss account in terms of Accounting Standard 11 - The Effects
of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates.

7.   Represents amount transferred to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee
stock options and to General Reserve on lapses of employee stock options.

8.   Includes amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account
of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation and revaluation surplus on premises sold. Also includes the amount of loss on revaluation
of certain assets which were held for sale.

Rupees in million
Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue and other reserves 1   Other special reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2022   13,899.7   2,664.1   497,645.1   597,585.8   708,730.2
Proceeds
    from issue of share capital   68.1   ..   9,576.3   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   5,172.4   8.1 3   200,197.1 4   111,920.8
Deductions during the year   ..   (227.7) 5   ..   (55.9)   (2,206.1) 6
Balance at March 31, 2023   13,967.8   7,608.8   507,229.5   797,727.0   818,444.9

F-
131

1.   Includes revenue and other reserves, unrealized investment reserve and balance in
profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve, special reserve, capital reserve, foreign currency translation
reserve, revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve and capital redemption reserve.

3.   Represents the ESOP cost recognized by the overseas banking subsidiaries under fair
value method.

4.   Includes Rs. 1,482.1 million towards addition in fair value change account of ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited due to  fair valuation of investments held insurance subsidiaries.

5.   Represents amount transferred to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee
stock options and to General Reserve on lapses of employee stock options.

6.   Includes amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account
of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation and, revaluation surplus on premises sold. . Also includes the amount of loss on revaluation
of certain assets which were held for sale.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the movement in profit and loss account.

Rupees in million
March
31, 2025   March
31, 2024   March
31, 2023
Balance at the beginning of the year   898,257.8   656,386.8   508,988.5
Additions during the year   510,292.0   442,563.7   340,366.4
Dividend   (70,412.7)   (55,986.0)   (34,794.5)
Deductions during the year 1   (154,286.4)   (144,706.7)   (158,173.6)
Balance at the end of the year   1,183,850.7   898,257.8   656,386.8

1.   Includes appropriations/transfers to other reserves.

The cash flow statement
is in compliance with the requirements of IAS 7 – Cash Flow Statements.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the supplementary information to the cash flow statements.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Conversions of loans to investments   49.9   3,912.2   7,003.4
Interest paid   887,107.7   735,486.2   499,568.0
Interest and dividend received   1,833,487.8   1,537,708.7   1,167,957.4

20.   Estimated fair value of financial instruments

The Group’s
financial instruments include non-derivative financial assets and liabilities as well as derivative instruments. Fair value estimates
are generally subjective in nature and are made at a specific point in time based on the characteristics of the financial instruments
and relevant market information. Quoted market prices are used, wherever available. In other cases, fair values are based on estimates
using present value or other valuation techniques. These techniques involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions
used and judgments made regarding risk characteristics of various financial instruments, discount rates, estimates of future cash flows
and other factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates and the resulting fair values.

F-
132

Derived fair value estimates cannot
necessarily be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and in many cases, may not be realized in an immediate sale of the instruments.

Fair value estimates
are based on existing financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets
and liabilities that are not considered as financial instruments. Disclosure of fair values is not required for certain items such as
investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting, obligations for pension and other post-retirement benefits, income tax
assets and liabilities, property and equipment, pre-paid expenses, insurance liabilities, core deposit intangibles and the value of customer
relationships associated with certain types of consumer loans, particularly the credit card portfolio and other intangible assets. Accordingly,
the aggregate fair value amount presented does not purport to represent and should not be considered representative of the underlying
market or franchise value of the Group. In addition, because of differences in methodologies and assumptions used to estimate fair values,
the Group’s fair values should not be compared to those of other financial institutions.

The methods and assumptions
used by the Group in estimating the fair values of financial instruments are described below.

Cash and balances with banks and
money at call and short notice

The carrying amounts
reported in the balance sheet approximate fair values because a substantial amount of the portfolio has maturities of less than three
months. The cash and balances with banks and money at call and short notice are classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of
any significant market observable data for valuation of these instruments.

Investments

The fair values of
investments are generally determined based on quoted price or based on discounted cashflows. For certain debt and equity investments that
do not trade on established exchanges and for which markets do not exist, estimates of fair value are based upon management’s review
of the investee’s financial results, condition and prospects.

Advances

The fair values of
commercial and consumer loans are estimated by discounting the contractual cash flows using interest rates currently offered on various
loan products. The carrying value of certain other loans approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these loans. The advances
are classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of any significant market observable data for valuation of these instruments.

Deposits

The carrying amount
of deposits with no stated maturity is considered to be equal to their fair value. Fair value of fixed rate time deposits is estimated
by discounting contractual cash flows using interest rates currently offered on the deposit products. Fair value estimates for deposits
do not include the benefit that results from the low-cost funding provided by the deposit liabilities compared to the cost of alternative
forms of funding (core deposit intangibles). The deposits are classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of any significant
market observable data for valuation of these instruments.

F-
133

Borrowings

The fair value of
the Group’s debt is estimated by discounting future contractual cash flows using appropriate interest rates and credit spreads.
The carrying value of certain other borrowings approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these borrowings. The borrowings
are classified as Level 2 instruments in view of the inputs used like interest rates, yield curves and credit spreads, which are available
from public sources like Reuters, Bloomberg, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income Money Markets & Derivatives
Association of India.

Other assets and liabilites

Other assets
and liabilities also include the financial instruments such as sundry receivables and payables such deposits, interest/fee
receivables/payables and are predominantly classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of any significant market observable
data for valuation of these instruments.

Further, financial
instruments which are accounted at fair value on a recurring/non-recurring basis are disclosed in note 22.d) fair value measurement.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the listing of the fair value by category of financial assets and financial liabilities.

Rupees in million
At March
31, 2025   At March 31, 2024
Carrying value   Estimated Fair Value   Carrying value   Estimated
fair value
Financial assets
Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India   1,202,409.1   1,202,409.1   899,430.2   899,430.2
Balances with banks and money at call and short notice   937,825.5   937,825.5   728,258.8   728,258.8
Investments   8,863,768.1   9,009,454.1   8,271,625.0   8,363,106.1
Advances   14,206,637.1   14,324,795.1   12,607,762.0   12,659,954.1
Other assets   883,426.0   883,426.0   879,686.9   879,686.9
Total   26,094,065.8   26,357,909.8   23,386,762.9   23,530,436.1
Financial liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits   14,041,323.2   14,109,762.6   12,447,597.9   12,496,120.8
Non-interest-bearing deposits   2,375,050.9   2,375,050.9   1,988,201.6   1,988,201.6
Borrowings   2,188,834.5   2,183,091.7   2,074,280.0   2,052,397.9
Other liabilities and provisions   1,242,878.1   1,242,878.1   1,296,956.8   1,296,956.8
Total   19,848,086.7   19,910,783.3   17,807,036.3   17,833,677.1

F-
134

21.   Differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP

The consolidated
financial statements of the Group are prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, which differs in certain significant aspects from U.S.
GAAP.

The following tables
summarize the significant adjustments to consolidated net income and stockholders’ equity which would result from the application
of U.S. GAAP.

1.   Net income reconciliation

Rupees in million
Note   Year ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Consolidated profit after tax as per Indian GAAP excluding minority interests 1   510,292.0   442,563.7   340,366.4
Adjustments on account of:
Allowance for credit losses   (a)   (14,130.0)   (53,217.1)   15,616.7
Business combinations   (b)   (3,610.2)   140,326.1   177.6
Consolidation   (c)   11,176.0   20,829.1   (123,486.7)
Valuation of debt and equity securities   (d)   (21,106.8)   33,270.6   (138.0)
Amortization of fees and costs   (e)   8,491.7   5,306.0   6,525.7
Accounting for derivatives   (f)   506.8   (1,107.2)   (825.7)
Accounting for compensation costs   (g)   56.7   (684.2)   (1,246.8)
Accounting for securitization   (h)   569.2   325.9   (24.0)
Income tax benefit/(expense)   (i)   19,743.9   18,278.4   10,893.6
Others   (j)   1,553.7   7,872.2   2,134.9
Total impact of all adjustments 3,251.0 171,199.8 (90,372.7) Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders 513,543.0 613,763.5 249,993.7 Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to non-controlling interests 1 30,633.7 15,114.5 10,224.3 Total net income as per U.S. GAAP 544,176.7 628,878.0 260,218.0 Basic earnings per share (Rs.) Indian GAAP (consolidated) 72.41 63.19 48.86 U.S. GAAP (consolidated) 72.87 87.63 35.89 Diluted earnings per share (Rs.) Indian GAAP (consolidated) 71.14 61.96 47.84 U.S. GAAP (consolidated) 71.57 85.89 35.17   Total impact of all adjustments 3,251.0 171,199.8 (90,372.7) Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders 513,543.0 613,763.5 249,993.7 Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to non-controlling interests 1 30,633.7 15,114.5 10,224.3 Total net income as per U.S. GAAP 544,176.7 628,878.0 260,218.0 Basic earnings per share (Rs.) Indian GAAP (consolidated) 72.41 63.19 48.86 U.S. GAAP (consolidated) 72.87 87.63 35.89 Diluted earnings per share (Rs.) Indian GAAP (consolidated) 71.14 61.96 47.84 U.S. GAAP (consolidated) 71.57 85.89 35.17   Total impact of all adjustments 3,251.0 171,199.8 (90,372.7) Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders 513,543.0 613,763.5 249,993.7 Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to non-controlling interests 1 30,633.7 15,114.5 10,224.3 Total net income as per U.S. GAAP 544,176.7 628,878.0 260,218.0 Basic earnings per share (Rs.) Indian GAAP (consolidated) 72.41 63.19 48.86 U.S. GAAP (consolidated) 72.87 87.63 35.89 Diluted earnings per share (Rs.) Indian GAAP (consolidated) 71.14 61.96 47.84 U.S. GAAP (consolidated) 71.57 85.89 35.17   Total impact of all adjustments   3,251.0   171,199.8   (90,372.7)   Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   513,543.0   613,763.5   249,993.7   Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to non-controlling interests 1   30,633.7   15,114.5   10,224.3   Total net income as per U.S. GAAP   544,176.7   628,878.0   260,218.0   Basic earnings per share (Rs.)   Indian GAAP (consolidated)   72.41   63.19   48.86   U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   72.87   87.63   35.89   Diluted earnings per share (Rs.)   Indian GAAP (consolidated)   71.14   61.96   47.84   U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   71.57   85.89   35.17
Total impact of all adjustments   3,251.0   171,199.8   (90,372.7)
Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   513,543.0   613,763.5   249,993.7
Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to non-controlling interests 1   30,633.7   15,114.5   10,224.3
Total net income as per U.S. GAAP   544,176.7   628,878.0   260,218.0
Basic earnings per share (Rs.)
Indian GAAP (consolidated)   72.41   63.19   48.86
U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   72.87   87.63   35.89
Diluted earnings per share (Rs.)
Indian GAAP (consolidated)   71.14   61.96   47.84
U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   71.57   85.89   35.17

1.   Profit attributable to minority interests as per Indian
GAAP was Rs. 35,401.8 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 18,241.4 million and March 31, 2023: Rs. 14,246.7
million).

F-
135

2.   Stockholders’ equity reconciliation

Rupees in million
At March
31,
Note   2025   2024
Consolidated net worth as per Indian GAAP excluding minority interests 1   3,139,059.1   2,561,438.3
Adjustments on account of:
Allowance for credit losses   (a)   (27,524.6)   (13,384.3)
Business combinations   (b)   388,299.6   391,984.8
Consolidation   (c)   9,373.6   55,158.7
Valuation of debt and equity securities   (d)   73,888.8   50,772.1
Amortization of fees and costs   (e)   54,472.6   45,918.4
Accounting for derivatives   (f)   454.8   (52.1)
Accounting for compensation costs   (g)   ..   ..
Accounting for securitization   (h)   (206.9)   (855.3)
Income tax assets/(liabilities)   (i)   24,947.5   20,560.4
Others   (j)   (7,959.8)   (1,640.0)
Total impact of all adjustments 515,745.6 548,462.7 ICICI Bank stockholders’ equity as per U.S. GAAP 3,654,804.7 3,109,901.0 Non-controlling interests 1,2,3 426,882.1 422,442.7 Total equity as per U.S. GAAP 4,081,686.8 3,532,343.7   Total impact of all adjustments 515,745.6 548,462.7 ICICI Bank stockholders’ equity as per U.S. GAAP 3,654,804.7 3,109,901.0 Non-controlling interests 1,2,3 426,882.1 422,442.7 Total equity as per U.S. GAAP 4,081,686.8 3,532,343.7   Total impact of all adjustments   515,745.6   548,462.7   ICICI Bank stockholders’ equity as per U.S. GAAP   3,654,804.7   3,109,901.0   Non-controlling interests 1,2,3   426,882.1   422,442.7   Total equity as per U.S. GAAP   4,081,686.8   3,532,343.7
Total impact of all adjustments   515,745.6   548,462.7
ICICI Bank stockholders’ equity as per U.S. GAAP   3,654,804.7   3,109,901.0
Non-controlling interests 1,2,3   426,882.1   422,442.7
Total equity as per U.S. GAAP   4,081,686.8   3,532,343.7

1.   Net worth, representing capital and reserves and surplus,
attributable to minority interests as per Indian GAAP was Rs. 148,367.4 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 138,884.2 million).

2.   Each of the adjustments in the above table is net
of the related impact to non-controlling interests. The adjustments to non-controlling interests included within the above
adjustments are on account of the impact of business combination accounting of. Rs. 337,831.6 million at March 31, 2025, along with corresponding
impact on deferred taxes: Rs. (12,962.7) million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 345,338.0 million; corresponding impact of deferred taxes: Rs. (12,993.6)
million), impact of amortization of fees and costs at March 31, 2025: Rs. 10,718.0 million, along with corresponding deferred taxes: Rs.
(2,697.5) million (at March 31, 2024: Rs. 3,007.5 million; corresponding impact on deferred taxes: Rs. (756.9) million) and impact of
valuation of debt and equity securities at March 31, 2025: Rs. 5,498.0 million, along with corresponding impact on deferred taxes Rs.
(1,383.7) million at March 31, 2025 (at March 31, 2024: Rs. 3,442.5 million; corresponding impact on deferred taxes: Rs. (866.4) million).

3.   Accordingly, on an aggregate basis (including impact
on ICICI Bank stockholders’ equity and impact on non controlling interest), At March 31, 2025, the impact of business
combination accounting amounts to Rs. 726,131.2 million, along with corresponding impact on deferred taxes: Rs (24,687.9) million (March
31, 2024: Rs. 737,322.8 million; corresponding impact of deferred taxes: Rs (26,351.5) million), the impact of amortization of fees and
costs amounts to Rs. 65,190.6 million, along with corresponding deferred taxes: Rs. (16,407.2) million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 48,925.9 million;
corresponding impact of deferred taxes: Rs. (12,313.7) million and impact of valuation of debt and equity securities amounts to Rs. 79,368.8
million along with corresponding deferred taxes: Rs (25,814.9) million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 54,214.6 million; corresponding impact of
deferred taxes: (15,298.8) million)

a)   Allowance for credit losses

The differences in the credit
losses between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP are primarily on account of:

i.   Expected credit losses on commercial loans based on individual
assessment, which do not share similar risk characteristics with other loans under U.S. GAAP as compared to provisions

F-
136

based on graded provisioning rates on
non-performing loans, subject to minimum provisioning rates prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines under Indian GAAP for the
Bank.

ii.   Expected credit losses on the loans sharing similar risk characteristics
under U.S. GAAP as compared to prescriptive/graded provisioning, subject to minimum provisioning rate, as per the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines under Indian GAAP for the Bank.

iii.   Expected credit losses on non-cancellable loan commitments,
non-fund exposures and other financial assets under U.S. GAAP as compared to estimated provision on expected devolvement of guarantees
on certain borrowers classified as non-performing under Indian GAAP for the Bank.

Credit losses on commercial loans which do not
share similar risk characteristics

These differences primarily
relate to provisions on non-performing commercial loans under Indian GAAP and credit loss provisions on commercial loans which do not
share similar risk characteristics under U.S. GAAP. This difference arises due to a difference in methodology applied to calculate the
credit losses under U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, as per Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, non-performing loans are classified into three categories: sub-standard assets, doubtful assets and loss assets.
A loan is classified as sub-standard if interest payments or installments have remained overdue for more than 90 days. As per Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, a provision of 15.0% is required for all sub-standard loans. An additional provision of 10.0% is required for
accounts that are unsecured from the time of origination. A loan is classified as a doubtful loan if it has remained sub-standard for
more than twelve months or if the value of security charged to the Bank has eroded and fallen below 50% of the outstanding loan. A 100%
provision/write-off is required with respect to the unsecured portion of the doubtful loans. A 100% provision is required for the secured
portion of loans classified as doubtful for more than three years and is recorded in a graded manner as the three-year period occurs.
A loan is classified as a loss asset if the losses on it are identified or the loan is considered uncollectible. For loans classified
as a loss, the entire loan is required to be provided for. Provisions are generally made by the Bank on non-performing loans as per internal
provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of Reserve Bank of India.

Under Indian GAAP,
certain loans restructured by the Bank (excluding loans given for implementation of projects in the infrastructure sector and non-infrastructure
sector and which are delayed up to a specified period and certain other types of loans explained below) by re-scheduling principal repayments
and/or the interest are classified as non-performing as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Provisions as applicable to non-performing
loans, are made on restructured loans. In addition to this, provision for the diminution in fair value of the restructured loans is also
made by the Bank. The diminution in fair value is computed by discounting both sets of cash flows, based on interest rate prior to restructuring
and post restructuring, at the existing rate of interest charged on the loan before the restructuring.

Under U.S. GAAP, commercial
loans representing significant individual credit exposures (both funded and non-funded), are individually evaluated to ascertain if they
share similar risk characteristics, based on the ability of the borrower to repay the contractual amounts due to the Bank, including considerations
of both quantitative and qualitative criteria such as the account conduct, future prospects, repayment history and financial performance.
The credit losses for commercial loans, ascertained to not share the similar risk characteristics, are estimated on an individual basis
and are based on either the present value of expected future cash flows or in case of a collateral dependent loan, the net realizable
value of the collateral net of cost to sell, if any.

F-
137

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
holds specific provisions on certain performing commercial loans and advances based on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines/direction.

Under Indian GAAP, accounts
where the Bank had invoked/implemented strategic debt restructuring under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines were classified as non-performing.
Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank opted for fair value option for accounting these loans at fair value through income statement under ASC Subtopic
825-10 “Financial Instruments”.
See also– 22(b). Notes under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial
interests.

Under Indian GAAP, any contractual
amount due from the counter-party under derivative contracts, if not collected within 90 days, is required to be reversed through income
statement under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under U.S. GAAP, these receivables are analyzed to identify the required credit
losses in the same manner as individual credit exposures.

The Bank transfers certain
loans to borrower specific funds/trusts managed by asset reconstruction companies in exchange for security receipts issued by the funds/trusts,
as part of the strategy for resolution of non-performing assets. The funds/trusts have been set up by the asset reconstruction companies
under enacted debt recovery legislation in India and they aim to improve the recoveries of banks on non-performing assets by aggregating
lender interests and speeding up the enforcement of security interests by lenders. While under Indian GAAP, such transfers are recognized
as a sale, under U.S. GAAP these transfers are not recognized as a sale due to the following reasons:

• Certain transfers do
not qualify for sale accounting under FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and servicing”, as the Bank retains the risks and rewards
in such transfers.

• Certain transfers were
impacted by FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation – overall”. The funds/trusts to which these loans have been transferred
are variable interest entities within the definition contained in ASC Subtopic 810-10. As the Bank is the ‘Primary Beneficiary’
of certain of these funds/trusts, it is required under U.S. GAAP to consolidate these entities.

Credit losses on loans sharing similar risk characteristics

Commercial loans

Credit losses on commercial
loans sharing similar risk characteristics primarily relate to performing commercial loans and to homogenous small balance commercial
loans which are generally provided under any of the lending programme including both performing and non-performing commercial loans under
Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, the allowances
on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning requirement is a uniform rate
of 0.4% for all standard assets except –

·   Small and micro enterprise sectors, which attract a provisioning requirement of 0.25%,

·   Advances to commercial real estate residential and non-residential sectors which attract a provisioning
requirement of 0.75% and 1.0% respectively,

As per the guidelines issued
by the Reserve Bank of India, additional general provision between 0.0%-0.8% is made on outstanding amounts to entities having unhedged
foreign currency exposure. The provision range is based on percentage of likely loss due to unhedged foreign currency exposure to their
earnings before interest, depreciation and lease rentals, if any. As per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the Bank
also makes additional general provision on loans to specific

F-
138

borrowers in specific stressed sectors and on
incremental exposure to borrowers identified as per the Reserve Bank of India’s large exposure framework.

Under U.S. GAAP, credit losses
on the commercial loans sharing similar risk characteristics are accounted on a collective basis. The segmentation for the commercial
loans is based on risk characteristics such as customer type, risk rating and delinquency status. The collective assessment begins with
a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation covers expected credit
losses over an instrument’s expected life and is estimated by applying probability of default and loss given default. Based on historical
default rates, the probabilities of default are derived using a macro-economic scenario over a reasonable and supportable forecast period.
The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion to the long run historical information. The forecasts take
into consideration the Group’s economic outlook based on internal as well as external inputs and involve a governance process that
incorporates feedback from senior management.

Consumer loans

Credit losses on consumer loans
sharing similar risk characteristics primarily relate to homogenous small balance loans including both performing and non-performing consumer
loans under Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, the provision
on non-performing consumer loans is made at a pre-determined rate, subject to minimum provision as required under the Reserve Bank of
India guidelines. The provision on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning
requirement is a uniform rate of 0.4% for all standard assets except

·   Farm credit to agriculture and home loan upto a certain amount which attract a provisioning requirement
of 0.25%,

·   Advances to commercial real estate residential and non-residential sectors which attract a provisioning
requirement of 0.75% and 1.0% respectively

Under U.S. GAAP, credit losses
on the consumer loans sharing similar risk characteristics are accounted for on collective basis. The segmentation for the consumer loans
is based on risk characteristics such as product type, delinquency status, credit scores, and vintage. For agriculture loans, a further
segmentation of risk characteristics is also carried out based on direct and indirect agriculture lending categories. The collective assessment
begins with a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation covers expected
credit losses over an instrument’s expected life and is estimated by applying probability of default and loss given default. Based
on historical default rates, the probabilities of default are derived using a macro-economic scenario over a reasonable and supportable
forecast period. The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion to the long run historical information.
The forecasts take into consideration the Group’s economic outlook based on internal as well as external inputs and involve a governance
process that incorporates feedback from senior management.

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank,
on prudent basis, has made contingency provision due to the economic and geopolitical uncertainties. Under US GAAP, the Group makes adjustments
to appropriately address these economic circumstances over and above the model output by increasing the probability of default estimates
based on management judgement.

Credit losses on undrawn commitments, non-fund
exposures and other debt securities

Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank records
a liability for credit losses on non-cancellable undrawn commitments by the Group and non-fund exposures to its borrowers based on the
life time expected

F-
139

losses. The credit losses are estimated in accordance
with the ASC Topic 326, “Financial Instruments – Credit losses”.

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
makes estimated provision on guarantees, above a certain threshold, to its borrowers classified as non-performing based on an assessment
of expected devolvement.

Under Indian GAAP, the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines do not specify the conditions under which the assets may be written-off. The Bank has internal policies for charge-off
of non-performing loans against loan loss allowances. Commercial loans, are generally charged off against allowances when, based on a
borrower-specific evaluation of the possibility of further recovery, the Bank concludes that the balance cannot be collected. The Bank
evaluates whether a balance can be collected based on the realizable value of collateral, the results of the Bank’s past recovery
efforts, the possibility of recovery through legal recourse and the possibility of recovery through settlement.

Small-balance homogenous loans
are generally charged off against allowances after predefined periods of delinquency, as follows:

•   Mortgage loans: 3 years of continuous delinquency

•   Other consumer loans: 6 months of continuous delinquency

The same criteria
are used for charge-off of impaired loans under U.S. GAAP.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the difference in aggregate expected credit losses between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP attributable to the above
reconciling items.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Differences due to expected credit losses on commercial loans evaluated on individual basis.   (11,032.8)   (12,392.8)   (12,894.4)
Differences due to expected credit losses on loans evaluated on collective basis   (1,876.7)   (39,472.4)   31,333.3
Differences due to expected credit losses on undrawn commitments, non-fund exposures and other financial assets   (1,220.5)   (1,351.9)   (2,822.2)
Total differences in allowance from loan losses   (14,130.0)   (53,217.1)   15,616.7

During fiscal 2024, the Bank
implemented the ASU 2022-02: Troubled debt restructurings and vintage disclosures. The Bank adopted the guidance on the recognition and
measurement of troubled debt restructured loans under the modified retrospective approach. Adoption of these amendments resulted in a
decrease in allowance for credit losses by Rs. 999.4 million, the impact of the same was directly taken in the reserves on April 1, 2023.

See note on 22 (f) Loans
for detailed discussion on allowance for credit loss. See note on "Consolidated Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated
financial statements - Schedule 9 - Advances" for Indian GAAP balance sheet presentation.

b)   Business combinations

The differences arising due
to business combinations are primarily on account of:

F-
140

i)   Accounting for intangible assets and goodwill; and

ii)   Acquisition of control in former equity affiliates

During fiscal 2024, the Bank
re-acquired control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. Accordingly, the existing investments in ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited were fair valued on the date of acquisition of control based on the closing market price of shares of ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. This resulted in a fair value gain amounting to Rs. 140,173.7 million which was recognized
in the statement of net income. Under U.S. GAAP, goodwill was determined by deducting the fair value of net assets of ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited from the fair value of equity interest held by the Bank and fair value of minority interest in ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited. Accordingly, goodwill of Rs. 557,733.7 million and intangibles of Rs. 103,963.3 million were recorded
under U.S. GAAP. The goodwill was allocated to the General insurance segment of the Group. The goodwill recognized is not available for
amortization under tax laws. Further, during fiscal 2024, the Bank also acquired control in I-Process Services (India) Private Limited
and has recognized a bargain purchase gain of Rs. 358.5 million.

Under U.S. GAAP in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 350, the Group does not amortize goodwill and intangibles with infinite life but instead tests the same for impairment
at least annually. The annual impairment test under ASC Topic 350 does not indicate an impairment loss for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023.

Under U.S. GAAP intangible
assets with finite useful life are amortized over their estimated useful lives in proportion to the economic benefits consumed in each
period.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for business combinations under Indian GAAP and U.S.
GAAP.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Gain on acquisition of General insurance subsidiary   ..   140,173.7   ..
Gain on bargain purchase of other subsidiary   ..   358.5   ..
Amortization of intangibles   (3,705.3)   (307.6)   ..
Others   95.1   101.5   177.6
Total difference in business combinations   (3,610.2)   140,326.1   177.6

c)   Consolidation

The differences on account
of consolidation are primarily on account of:

1.   Consolidation of life insurance subsidiary;

2.   Equity affiliates and majority owned subsidiaries; and

3.   Consolidation of variable interest entities.

Under Indian GAAP, consolidation
is required only if there is ownership of more than one-half of the voting power of an enterprise or control of the composition of the
Board of Directors in the case of a company or of the composition of the governing body in case of any other enterprise. Under Indian
GAAP, our life insurance subsidiary (ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited) is consolidated on line-by-line basis. Under U.S.
GAAP, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company

F-
141

Limited is accounted for by the equity method
of accounting as the minority shareholders have substantive participating rights as defined in ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation
– Overall”.

During fiscal 2023, considering
the significant and continuous decline in market price of equity shares of ICICI General, the Bank had recognized an impairment loss of
Rs. 122,012.3 million. Further, during fiscal 2024, the Bank re-acquired control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for consolidation under Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Profit/(loss) as per U.S. GAAP for life insurance subsidiary   33,568.7   43,530.5   11,412.9
Less: Profit/(loss) as per Indian GAAP for life insurance subsidiary   11,855.1   8,506.7   8,134.9
Net reconciliation difference for life insurance subsidiary 1   21,713.6   35,023.8   3,278.0
Profit/(loss) from life insurance subsidiary attributable to the Group 2   11,174.6   17,965.5   1,700.2
Profit/(loss) from equity affiliates and majority owned subsidiaries   ..   2,869.5 3   (3,179.4) 3
Impairment loss on investment in equity affiliate   ..   ..   (122,012.3)
Profit/(loss) on consolidation of variable interest entities and special purpose entities   1.4   (5.9)   4.8
Total differences in consolidation   11,176.0   20,829.1   (123,486.7)

1.   Represents total differences in profit/(loss) between Indian GAAP and U.S.
GAAP for life insurance subsidiary. See also- 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Insurance entities.

2.   Represents the Group’s share of profit/(loss) in “Net reconciliation
difference for life insurance subsidiary” and excludes the share of non-controlling interest holders. The Group owns part, not all,
of the life insurance subsidiary. As such, only a portion of “Net reconciliation difference for life insurance subsidiary”
is attributable to the Group; the rest is attributable to non-controlling interest holders. The share attributable to the Group constitutes
the “Profit/(loss) from life insurance subsidiary attributable to the Group.” Reconciling items pertaining to significant
differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for life insurance affiliate are discussed separately below.

3.   Represents the Group’s share in difference in profit/(loss) between
Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for General insurance affiliate and amortization of intangibles. See
also- 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Insurance entities.

Profit/(loss) on consolidation of Variable
Interest Entities

The Bank has consolidated certain
securitization trusts used for securitization transactions, in accordance with  ASC 810-10. Upon consolidation, the assets of
the qualifying special purpose entities were incorporated into the Bank’s loan portfolio and the amounts received from the investors
were accounted for as borrowings. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank accounts for the allowance for loan losses on these loans based on expected
credit loss.

Under Indian GAAP, securitized
assets are derecognized from the Bank’s books. In accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines for securitization, for securitization
transactions entered into after February 1, 2006, the Bank accounted for any losses immediately at the time of securitization but amortized
any profits over the life of the securities issued or to be issued by the qualifying special purpose entities. As per the Reserve Bank
of India guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, gain realized at the time of securitization of loans is accounted through profit and
loss account on completion of transaction. The unrealized gains, associated with expected future margin income is recognized in profit
and loss account only when redeemed in cash, after absorbing losses, if any. The Bank also provides credit enhancement to the qualifying
special purpose entities against delinquencies on

F-
142

securitized assets. Under Indian GAAP, the recognition
of losses is based on the extent of utilization of credit enhancement extended to qualifying special purpose entities.

Due to these differences in
the Bank’s accounting of securitization transactions, the timing of recognition of income and provision for loan losses differ under
U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP.

d)   Valuation of debt and equity securities

Under Indian GAAP, till March
31, 2024, the unrealized losses at category level under held for trading and available for sale securities were taken to profit and loss
account, and unrealized gains were ignored. From April 1, 2024, the Bank implemented the Master Direction on Classification, Valuation
and Operations of Investment portfolio of Commercial Banks (Directions), 2023. On implementation of this master direction, the unrealized
gains or losses on the investments (including equity investments) classified as fair value through profit and loss account are recognized
in the profit and loss account. With respect to investments (including equity investments) classified as available for sale, the unrealized
gains or losses on these investments under Indian GAAP are recognized in the available for sale reserve and for debt investments these
gains or losses are subsequently reclassified to profit and loss account in the event of sale. With respect to investments classified
as held to maturity and investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates the unrealized gains and losses are not recognized,
and investments are recognized at the carrying cost. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on trading debt securities are recognized
in the profit and loss account and unrealized gains or losses on debt securities classified as ‘available for sale’, which
include all securities classified as ‘held to maturity’ and debt investments classified as fair value through profit and loss
account under Indian GAAP, are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income under stockholders’ equity except for the unrealized losses
on securities identified as impaired which are recognized in profit and loss account. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on equity
securities are recognized in profit and loss account. Indian GAAP, till March 31, 2024, the investments are initially measured at transaction
cost, while from April 1, 2024, on implementation of above mentioned master directions investments are initially measured at fair value
which is in line with the accounting treatment provided under U.S. GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, the impact
of currency revaluation on debt securities denominated in foreign currency is taken to profit and loss account. Under U.S. GAAP, the impact
of currency revaluation on non-hedged ‘available for sale’ debt securities denominated in foreign currency is taken to Other
Comprehensive Income.

Under Indian GAAP, till March
31, 2024, premium over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate debt securities under held to maturity and government securities
held under available for sale category was amortized over the remaining period to maturity on an constant yield basis and straight line
basis respectively, and the discount on the face value of fixed rate and floating rate debt securities was considered as part of the
cost of investments and was recognized in the profit and loss account in the event of maturity or sale. From April 1, 2024, under Indian
GAAP, premium/discount on the face value of fixed rate and floating rate debt securities is amortized/accrued over the remaining period
to maturity on an effective interest rate basis which is in line with the accounting provided under U.S. GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, gain or
loss on sale of equity stake in a subsidiary company is recognized in the income statement. Under U.S. GAAP, change in the parent’s
ownership in the subsidiary company is accounted as an equity transaction, if the parent retains controlling financial interest in the
subsidiary and accordingly gain or loss is not recognized in the income statement.

In fiscal 2016, the Reserve
Bank of India issued guidelines on strategic debt restructuring under which conversion of debt into equity and acquisition of ownership
interests in the borrower by banks is

F-
143

allowed. The Reserve Bank of India has exempted
banks from consolidation of these entities. Under U.S. GAAP, these entities were considered as equity affiliates. The Bank opted for fair
value option of these equity affiliates under ASC Topic 825 “Financial Instruments”. Accordingly, fair value changes in the
loans, guarantees and equity shares were accounted through income statement. While fair value impact on loans was recorded in the line
item “Valuation of debt and equity securities”, the provisions made on these loans under Indian GAAP were reversed in the
line item “Allowance for loan losses”.
See also– 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial
interests.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for valuation of debt and equity securities under Indian
GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Impact of differences in mark-to-market accounting for investment securities gain/(loss)   (21,453.9)   24,088.3   7,917.9
Impairment allowance on AFS securities under U.S. GAAP   (159.2)   (5,053.0)   (2,291.6)
Impact of currency revaluation gain on non-hedged AFS debt securities denominated in foreign currency accounted for in profit and loss under Indian GAAP, which is accounted for in Other Comprehensive Income under U.S. GAAP   (247.3)   (436.6)   (549.5)
Impact of gain/(loss) on fair value accounting for financial interest in certain equity affiliates   596.2   12,105.3   (754.5)
Other gain/(loss)   157.4   2,566.6   (4,460.3)
Total gain/(loss)   (21,106.8)   33,270.6   (138.0)

See note on "Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 8 - Investments" for Indian GAAP balance sheet
presentation.

e)   Amortization of fees and costs

Loan origination fees and
costs

Under U.S. GAAP, loan origination
fees (net of certain costs) are amortized over the period of the loans as an adjustment to the yield on the loan. However, under Indian
GAAP, loan origination fees are accounted for upfront. Also under Indian GAAP, loan origination costs, including commissions paid to direct
marketing agents, are expensed in the year in which they are incurred.

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP, all actuarial
gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit in the
profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income.
Subsequently cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10% corridor is
amortized through profit and loss account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality
fixed income securities in U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on government securities under Indian GAAP.

F-
144

Reinsurance commission and deferred acquisition
costs

Under Indian GAAP, reinsurance
commission on business ceded by general insurance subsidiary is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk. Under U.S.
GAAP, proceeds from reinsurance transactions that represent recovery of acquisition costs are reduced from acquisition costs in such a
manner that net acquisition costs are capitalized and charged to expense in proportion to net revenue recognized over the related policy
period.

Under Indian GAAP, acquisition
costs for new and renewal of insurance contracts in general insurance subsidiary are charged as expense to the revenue account in the
year in which these are incurred, whereas under U.S. GAAP, the same are capitalized and are amortized over the related policy period.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for amortization of fees and costs under Indian GAAP
and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Loan origination (fees) and costs   (1,297.8)   5,803.9   5,382.0
Retirement benefit costs   1,885.5   (1,097.3)   1,232.4
Reinsurance commission and deferred acquisition costs   7,946.4   654.7 2   ..
Amortization of other costs   (42.4)   (55.3)   (88.7)
Total differences in amortization of fees and costs 1   8,491.7   5,306.0   6,525.7

1.   Does not include any amount that is attributable to non-controlling interest
holders.

2.   Represents difference in net income of General insurance subsidiary from
the date of acquisition of control.

During fiscal 2025, the amortization
of loan origination fees and costs resulted in lower income under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, primarily due to lower direct
loan origination costs on consumer loans incurred during these years and amortization of loan origination costs deferred in previous years.  During
fiscal 2024 and 2023, the amortization of loan origination fees and costs resulted in higher income under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian
GAAP, primarily due to higher direct loan origination costs on consumer loans incurred during these years which were deferred for amortization
in subsequent years.

While under Indian GAAP, actuarial
gain or loss are recognized in profit and loss account, under U.S. GAAP, the actuarial gain/loss are recognized through other comprehensive
income and thereafter amortized through profit and loss account. The actuarial loss for fiscal 2025 recognized through other comprehensive
income were higher as compared to amortization of actuarial losses for previous years from other comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP,
resulting in retirement benefit costs being lower under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2025 as compared to Indian GAAP. The actuarial gain for fiscal
2024 recognized through other comprehensive income were higher as compared to amortization of actuarial gains and losses for previous
years from other comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP, resulting in retirement benefit costs being higher under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2024
as compared to Indian GAAP. The actuarial loss for fiscal 2023 recognized through other comprehensive income were higher as compared to
amortization of actuarial losses for previous years from other comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP, resulting in retirement benefit costs
being lower under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2023 as compared to Indian GAAP.

See note on "Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 9 – Advances" for balance sheet presentation
of amortization of loan processing fees and cost.

F-
145

f)   Accounting for derivatives

Under Indian GAAP, the Group
hedges interest rate and exchange rate risks on some on-balance sheet assets and liabilities through swap contracts. The impact of such
derivative instruments is correlated with the movement of underlying assets and liabilities and accounted pursuant to the principles of
the hedge accounting. Under Indian GAAP, based on the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines, accounting for hedge relationship established
after June 26, 2019 by the Bank, is based on Guidance note on Accounting for Derivative Contracts issued by Institute of Chartered Accountant
of India. The hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) are measured at fair value with changes recognized
in the profit and loss account.

For hedge relationship established
before June 26, 2019, the accounting is based on accrual basis. To the extent a cash flow hedge is effective, the change in the fair value
of the hedging instrument is recognized in cash flow hedge reserve. The ineffective portion of hedge is accounted in profit and loss account.
The premium/discount on certain foreign currency swaps, used for asset liability management purposes, is amortized over the life of the
swap. All other outstanding forward exchange contracts are revalued and the resultant gains or losses are recognized in the profit and
loss account.

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
accounts for its derivative transactions in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815 “Derivatives and Hedging”.
Accordingly, certain derivative contracts classified as hedges under Indian GAAP may not qualify as hedges under U.S. GAAP and are accounted
for as trading derivatives with changes in fair value being recorded in the income statement.

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
has designated certain derivatives as fair value hedges of certain interest bearing assets and liabilities under ASC Topic 815. At the
inception of a hedge transaction, the Group formally documents the hedge relationship and the risk management objective and strategy for
undertaking the hedge. This process includes identification of the hedging instrument, hedged item, risk being hedged and the methodology
for assessing effectiveness and measuring ineffectiveness of hedge. In addition, the Group assesses both at the inception of the hedge
and on an ongoing basis, whether the hedge instrument used in the hedging transaction is effective in offsetting changes in fair value
of the hedged item, and whether the hedge is expected to continue to be highly effective. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that
is designated and qualifies as a fair value hedge, along with the gain or loss on the hedged asset or liability are recorded on a net
basis in the income statement. The Group has also designated certain forward contracts as hedging instruments for its certain net investments
in foreign operations which are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 815.

g)   Accounting for compensation cost

FASB ASC Topic 718, “Compensation
– stock compensation” requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options to be recognized
in the income statement based on their fair values. Under Indian GAAP, till fiscal 2021, the Group followed the intrinsic value method
to account for its stock-based employees’ compensation plans. Compensation cost was measured by the excess, if any, of the fair
market price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on the grant date. In fiscal 2022, Reserve Bank of India, issued a clarification
advising banks to recognize fair value of share-linked instruments granted subsequent to March 31, 2021 in income statement. Accordingly,
from fiscal 2022 onwards, the Bank has started recognizing the fair value of stock options and units granted subsequent to March 31, 2021
in profit and loss account. The Group has not recognized an income tax benefit on employee stock options and units related compensation
cost. Further, under Indian GAAP, listed subsidiaries of the Bank measure compensation cost as the excess, if any, of the fair market
price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on the grant date and under U.S. GAAP recognize  the fair value of stock
options and units granted by them.

F-
146

h)   Accounting for securitization

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
accounts for gain on sale of loans securitized at the time of sale in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and Servicing”.
As per ASC Topic 860, any gain or loss on the sale of the financial asset is accounted for in the income statement at the time of the
sale. As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, gain realized at the time of securitization of loans is
accounted through profit and loss account on completion of transaction. The unrealized gains, associated with expected future margin income
is recognized in profit and loss account only when redeemed in cash, after absorbing losses, if any. Net loss arising on account of the
sell-down securitization of loan assets is recognized at the time of sale.

Further, the securitization
transactions of mortgage loans by the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary do not qualify as sale transactions as they do not meet the de-recognition
criteria under Indian GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, these securitization transactions have been accounted for as sale as these satisfy the derecognition
criteria under ASC Topic 860 “Transfers and Servicing”.

Under ASC Topic 860 “Transfers
and Servicing”, certain securitization transactions, which qualify as sale under Indian GAAP, do not qualify as sale under U.S.
GAAP. See note 22 (a) on “Securitizations and variable interest entities”.

i)   Income taxes

Deferred taxes are recognized
on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates, subject to limited exceptions under U.S. GAAP
while under Indian GAAP, no deferred taxes are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and
affiliates.

The Bank has recognized current
tax expense or benefit and recognized deferred tax assets or liabilities on the foreign currency translation reserves pertaining to its
overseas branches under Indian GAAP with these offsetting amounts allocated to net income. Under U.S. GAAP, no deferred tax assets or
liabilities are recognized on undistributed earnings of overseas branches where current taxes have been incurred and the current tax expense
or benefit incurred has been allocated to Other Comprehensive Income.

Under Indian GAAP, deferred
tax assets on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses of domestic companies are recognized only if there is virtual certainty
of realization of such assets, whereas under U.S. GAAP they are recognized based on a more-likely-than-not criteria.

The Bank and its housing finance
subsidiary create a Special Reserve through appropriation of profits from time to time and receive the current tax benefit as per the
Income Tax Act, 1961 for the appropriation. If the funds are withdrawn from the Special Reserve in future periods, the amount withdrawn
is taxable. Under Indian GAAP, a deferred tax liability has been recognized on such Special Reserve in accordance with the guidelines
issued by Reserve Bank of India/National Housing Bank. Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are recognized and measured based on the expected
manner of recovery and deferred taxes are not recognized if the expected manner of recovery does not give rise to income tax consequences. Accordingly,
a deferred tax liability was not recognized under U.S. GAAP on the Special Reserve based on the Group’s continuing intention to
not withdraw or utilize such Special Reserve until a liquidation of the entity and on an opinion from the legal counsel about the non–taxability
of such Special Reserve in the scenario of a liquidation.

Under Indian GAAP, no deferred
tax asset is recognized on land, which is not depreciable for income tax purposes. Under U.S. GAAP, a deferred tax asset is recognized
for any temporary difference related to such assets including consideration of any indexation benefit available under tax laws. During
fiscal 2025 indexation benefit was withdrawn based on Finance Act, 2024 and accordingly the deferred tax asset that exist under U.S. GAAP
until March 31, 2024 was reversed in fiscal 2025.

F-
147

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the income tax impact of the non-tax adjustments that result from the application of U.S. GAAP.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the adjustments to income tax (expense)/benefit in the net income reconciliation.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Deferred tax on temporary differences related to subsidiaries, branches and affiliates 1   3,657.6   (10,739.1)   (2,139.4)
Deferred tax on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses   1,286.7   1,237.8   (2,007.0)
Deferred tax on Special Reserve   7,968.2   7,793.9   6,580.8
Deferred tax on temporary difference on property and equipment.   (513.5)   13.3   (117.4)
Income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments...   7,344.9   19,972.5   8,576.6
Total differences in income taxes benefit/(expense)   19,743.9   18,278.4   10,893.6

1.   During fiscal 2024, the tax effects of temporary differences related to investments in ICICI General
were reversed, as ICICI General ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary and U.S GAAP prohibits the recognition of a deferred
tax asset for investments in subsidiaries for which the temporary difference isn’t apparent to reverse in the foreseeable future.

At March 31, 2025, ICICI Bank
stockholders’ equity was higher by Rs. 24,947.5 million (March 31, 2024: higher by Rs. 20,560.4 million), under U.S. GAAP as compared
to Indian GAAP on account of income tax adjustments, of which Rs.  20,641.1 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 16,662.9 million) was
due to deferred tax on temporary differences related to branches and affiliates, Rs. (542.8) million (March 31, 2024: Rs. (148.0) million)
was due to deferred taxes not being recognized under U.S. GAAP related to foreign currency translation reserves pertaining to overseas
branches, Rs. 3,938.3 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 2,651.6 million) was due to deferred tax on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward
losses, Rs. 52,627.1 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 44,659.0 million) was due to deferred tax on Special Reserve, Nil  (March
31, 2024: Rs. 513.5 million) was due to deferred tax on temporary difference on property and equipment and Rs. (51,716.2) million (March
31, 2024: Rs. (43,778.6) million) was due to the income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments. Further, total equity as per U.S.
GAAP was higher by Rs. 7,619.5 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 5,535.8 million) as compared to Indian GAAP on a gross basis including the
share of non-controlling interests as a result of all adjustments to deferred taxes. Within this amount, the income tax impact of non-tax
U.S. GAAP adjustments was Rs. (69,044.2) million at March 31, 2025 on a gross basis including the share of non-controlling interests (March
31, 2024: Rs. (58,803.2) million), while all other income tax adjustments on a gross basis were the same as the amount net of non-controlling
interests.

See note on "Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 18A - Notes forming part of the accounts - 9. Deferred
tax" for Indian GAAP presentation.

j)   Others

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
and its housing finance subsidiary have revalued fixed assets and created a revaluation reserve amounting to Rs. 37,795.2 million at March
31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 31,112.7 million). Under U.S. GAAP, fixed assets are recognized on cost basis, as per ASC Topic 360 –
Property, Plant and Equipment. Further, additional depreciation has been charged to income statement on revalued amount under Indian GAAP,
but not under U.S. GAAP, resulting in lower depreciation charge by Rs. 848.0 million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for the
year

F-
148

ended March 31, 2025 (Rs. 812.5 million for the
year ended March 31, 2024 and Rs. 755.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2023).

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
has made provisions on certain fixed assets acquired in debt asset swap arrangements as per the direction of Reserve Bank of India. Under
U.S. GAAP, these fixed assets were carried at book value or fair value, whichever is lower. There was a higher profit of Rs.140.8 million
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for the year ended March 31, 2025 (higher profit of Rs. 7,095.1 million for the year ended
March 31, 2024 and higher profit of Rs. 1,216.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2023).

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
recognizes the lease cost on a straight-line basis over the period of lease. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank recognizes the right to use assets
and lease liabilities in case of leases and recognizes the interest expense on lease liabilities and depreciation on right to use assets.
There was a higher profit of Rs. 265.5 million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for the year ended March 31, 2025 (lower profit
of Rs. 217.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2024 and higher profit of Rs. 314.7 million for the year ended March 31, 2023).

22.   Notes under U.S. GAAP

Additional information required
under U.S. GAAP

a)   Securitizations and variable interest entities

Overview

The Bank and its subsidiaries
are involved with several types of off-balance-sheet arrangements, including special purpose entities.

Uses of Special Purpose Entities

The Group deals with some special
purpose entities which were created to fulfill limited purposes as specified in their governing documents. The primary purpose of these
special purpose entities is to receive contributions from investors for buying assets from the transferor, hold such purchased assets
on behalf of the contributors to the trust and making regular payments to the investors from the proceeds of purchased assets. These special
purpose entities have been organized mainly in the legal forms of trusts. In a securitization, the company transferring assets to a special
purpose entity converts all (or a portion) of those assets into cash before they would have been realized in the normal course of business,
through the special purpose entities issuance of debt and equity instruments, certificates, commercial paper and other notes of indebtedness,
which are recorded on the balance sheet of the special purpose entity and not reflected in the transferring company’s balance sheet,
assuming applicable accounting requirements are satisfied. Investors usually have recourse to the assets in the special purpose entity
and often benefit from other credit enhancements, such as a collateral account or over-collateralization in the form of excess assets
in the special purpose entity, a line of credit, or from a liquidity facility, such as liquidity put option or asset purchase agreement.
In accordance with ASC 810-10, the Group consolidates these entities as variable interest entities as explained below.

Variable Interest Entities

Variable interest entities
are entities that have either a total equity investment that is not sufficient to finance its activities without additional subordinated
financial support, or whose equity investors lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest (i.e. power through voting rights
or similar rights to direct the activities of a legal entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and
right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity or obligation to absorb the expected losses

F-
149

of the entity). Investors that finance the variable
interest entity through debt or equity interests or other counterparties that provide other forms of support, such as guarantees, subordinated
fee arrangements, or certain types of derivative contracts, are variable interest holders in the entity. The variable interest holder,
if any, that has a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity is deemed to be the primary beneficiary and must consolidate
the variable interest entity. Accordingly, the Group has determined that it has a controlling financial interest because it is the primary
beneficiary of certain trusts and entities, based on its determination that it has both, the power to direct activities of a variable
interest entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, and obligation to absorb losses of the variable
interest entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity or the right to receive benefits from the variable
interest entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity.

The following table sets forth
the Group’s involvement with consolidated and unconsolidated variable interest entities in which the Group holds significant variable
interests.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Year ended
March 31, 2025   Year ended
March 31, 2024
Mortgaged backed securitizations (funded)
Significant investment in unconsolidated variable interest entities   ..   ..
Investment in consolidated variable interest entities   1,425.8   1,425.8
Total investment in variable interest entity assets (gross assets)   1,425.8   1,425.8

The asset balances for consolidated
variable interest entities represent the carrying amounts of the assets consolidated by the Group. The carrying amount may represent the
amortized cost or the current fair value of the assets depending on the legal form of the asset (e.g., loan or security) and the Group’s
standard accounting policies for the asset type and line of business. The assets of variable interest entities can be utilized only for
the settlement of the obligations of respective variable interest entities.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the carrying amounts and classification of the consolidated assets and liabilities, in respect of variable
interest entities and special purpose entities where the Group is primary beneficiary. The liabilities of the consolidated variable interest
entities are to be met from the proceeds of the consolidated assets and other support provided by the Bank in the form of credit enhancements
and liquidity facilities. The creditors of the consolidated variable interest entities do not have recourse to the general credit of the
Group
.

Rupees in million
Particulars   At March 31,  2025   At March 31,  2024
Investments   442.0   199.9
Loans   804.8   1,788.3
Total assets   1,247.1   1,988.1
Borrowings   221.7   273.3
Total liabilities   221.7   273.3

The Bank invests in pass through
certificates of securitization trusts with underlying retail loans originated by other entities. The carrying value of such investments
was Rs. 160,214.5 million at March 31, 2025 (March 31, 2024: Rs. 186,345.5 million). The Bank is not the primary beneficiary of these
trusts based on its assessment under ASC Subtopic 810-10 - Consolidation – overall. Further, neither was the Bank the transferor
of assets to these variable interest entities, nor was the Bank involved in the design of these variable interest entities. The maximum
exposure to loss from the Bank’s involvement in these trusts is the carrying value of the investments.

F-
150

b)   Fair value accounting of financial interests

In fiscal 2016, the Reserve
Bank of India issued guidelines on strategic debt restructuring under which conversion of debt into equity and acquisition of ownership
interests in the borrower entity by banks was allowed. The Bank, along with other lenders, converted a portion of its loans to certain
entities into equity as per this guideline. Such conversion also allowed each lender, the right to nominate directors on the Board of
the borrower entity. Although these entities were considered as equity affiliates under ASC Subtopic 323-10 because of deemed significant
influence due to ownership interests and management rights, the intention of the Bank was to safeguard the debt recovery and not to get
an economic benefit from the operations of these entities. Accordingly, the Bank opted for fair value option for accounting these affiliates
and the loans, guarantees and equity share investments in these entities were fair valued through income statement under ASC Subtopic
825-10 “Financial Instruments”.

The following table, for the
periods indicated, provides details of fair value accounting of financial interests

Rupees in million
Particulars   At March
31, 2025   At March
31, 2024
Carrying value of loans and guarantees 1   15,847.6   17,654.0
Fair value of loans and guarantees   10,284.0   11,795.1
Of which, fair value of loans outstanding for more than 90-days past due   845.0   722.1
Fair value loss on loans and guarantees   5,563.6   5,858.9
Of which, fair value loss on loans outstanding for more than 90-days due   3,767.9   4,408.5
Fair value on investment in these financial interests   11,383.3   12,967.0

1.   The Bank has not recognized interest separately on
these loans.

The Group’s shareholding
in these entities at March 31, 2025 is as below:

Sr. No.   Name of the entity   Ownership interest
1.   Usher Agro limited   10.88%
2.   Gammon India Limited   10.65%
3.   Jaiprakash Power Ventures Limited   10.16%
4.   Unimark Remedies Limited   9.72%
5.   GOL Offshore Limited   9.11%
6.   IVRCL Limited   7.98%
7.   Coastal Projects Limited   7.79%
8.   Pratibha Industries Limited   3.01%
9.   GTL Infrastructure Limited   1.83%
10.   Adhunik Power and Natural Resources Limited   1.77%
11.   Aster Private Limited   1.77%
12.   Patel Engineering Limited   0.90%
13.   Ballarpur Industries Limited   0.68%
14.   Diamond Power Infrastructure Limited   ..1
15.   Vishwa Infrastructure and Services Private Limited   ..1

1.   The Bank does not hold any equity investments in these entities but have
loans and guarantees outstanding which are fair valued.

c)   Investments

F-
151

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as held for trading.

Rupees in million
Debt securities   At March
31, 2025   At March
31, 2024
Government securities   585,914.9   525,348.3
Corporate debt securities   271,868.2   154,189.0
Other debt securities   132,844.8   168,983.3
Total   990,627.9   848,520.6

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million
At March
31, 2025
Amortized cost/cost   Gross
Unrealized gain   Gross Unrealized loss   Fair value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   413,174.3   10,399.8   (530.8)   423,043.3
Government securities   3,971,020.5   95,206.6   (1,178.3)   4,065,048.8
Other debt securities   268,251.4   7,470.7   (131.7)   275,590.5
Total debt securities   4,652,446.2   113,077.1   (1,840.8)   4,763,682.5
Other securities   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   4,652,446.2   113,077.1   (1,840.8)   4,763,682.5

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million
At March
31, 2024
Amortized cost/cost   Gross
Unrealized gain   Gross Unrealized loss   Fair value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   451,006.4   5,395.9   (1,620.2)   454,782.1
Government securities   3,814,979.1   26,591.7   (13,688.5)   3,827,882.3
Other debt securities   206,306.4   4,763.4   (351.2)   210,718.6
Total debt securities   4,472,291.9   36,751.0   (15,659.9)   4,493,383.0
Other securities   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   4,472,291.9   36,751.0   (15,659.9)   4,493,383.0

The fair value of the Group’s
investment in equity securities based on readily determinable fair value at March 31, 2025 was Rs. 165,195.1 million (at March 31, 2024:
Rs. 151,708.7 million) and fair value of observable orderly transactions at March 31, 2025 was Rs. 11,025.2 million (at March 31, 2024:
Rs. 10,465.7 million). The Group recorded a gain of Rs. 1,473.5 million on securities fair valued based on observable price in orderly
transactions during fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024: gain of Rs. 4,045.9 million).

Further, the Group’s
investments portfolio also contains investments held by its venture capital subsidiary, investments in non-readily marketable securities
and investments in affiliates. The fair value of investments held by the venture capital subsidiary was Rs. 56.6 million at March 31,
2025 and Rs. 57.1 million at March 31, 2024. Non-readily marketable securities primarily represent investments in affiliates and investment
in start-up entities or investments acquired on conversion of loans in debt restructurings. The investments in non-readily marketable
securities and investment in affiliates was Rs. 145,923.5 million at March 31, 2025 and Rs. 125,451.7 million at March 31, 2024. Further,
the fair value of certain investments, where Bank has opted for fair value accounting was Rs. 11,383.3 million at March 31, 2025 and Rs.
12,967.0 million at March 31, 2024 under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial

F-
152

Instruments”.

d)   Fair value measurements

The Group determines the fair
values of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820. The standard describes three levels
of inputs that may be used to measure fair value.

Level 1

Valuation is based upon unadjusted
quoted prices of identical instruments traded in active markets. The instruments that have been valued based upon such quoted prices include
traded equity shares, mutual funds, government securities, corporate bonds, certificate of deposits, commercial papers, futures and forex
spots and forwards.

Level 2

Valuation is based upon quoted
prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, prices
quoted by market participants and prices derived from valuation models which use significant inputs that are observable in active markets.
Inputs used include interest rates, yield curves, volatilities, credit spreads, which are available from public sources like Reuters,
Bloomberg, Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income Money Markets &
Derivatives Association of India.

The products include government
securities, debentures and bonds, certificate of deposits, commercial papers, forex options, single currency interest rate derivatives,
forwards, cross currency interest rate swaps, Bond forward rate agreements and borrowings and deposits against which the Group has entered
into a fair value hedge.

Level 3

Valuation is based on valuation
techniques or models which use significant market unobservable inputs or assumptions. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when
their values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant
model assumption or input is unobservable or when determination of the fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation.

India-linked non-Rupee denominated
bonds, which are not quoted are valued by discounting cash flows using rates incorporating fair market spreads published by Bloomberg/Reuters
corresponding to the international foreign currency ratings of the issuer (capped at international sovereign rating) along with mark up.
The value of retained interest in securitizations in Bank’s Canadian subsidiary, largely representing the excess spread of mortgage
interest over the rate of return on the mortgaged backed securities, is similarly impacted by the amount and timing of cash flows from
the underlying mortgage assets.

In case of private equity investments,
the inputs used include the valuation multiples for comparable listed companies and adjustments for illiquidity and other factors.

In case of listed equity shares
not quoted on an exchange for past 15 days or unlisted equity shares, break-up value (computed as ratio of value of company to number
of equity shares outstanding) is used for valuation.

F-
153

The valuation of Indian pass
through certificates is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying trust would pay out. The underlying trust/originator
makes a number of assumptions with regard to various variables to arrive at the estimated flows. The cash flow schedule received from
the trust is discounted at the base yield curve rates and credit spreads published by Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed
Income Money Markets & Derivatives Association of India at month ends. Accordingly, these instruments are classified as Level 3 instruments.
A reduction in the estimated cash flows of these instruments will adversely impact the value of these certificates. A change in the timing
of these estimated cash flows will also impact the value of these certificates.

Rupee swaptions and Rupee treasury
bill interest rate swaps were valued using valuation model and discounted cash flow methodology respectively based on adjustments carried
out on market observable proxy as one of the inputs is unobservable.

The valuation of certain loans,
which have been fair valued as per ASC Subtopic 825-10, is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying borrowers would pay
out. The Bank makes a number of assumptions with regard to various variables to arrive at the estimated cash flows. The cash flow schedule
is discounted at the current interest rate, which the Bank is likely to offer for loan facilities to borrowers in the similar rating grades,
which are not market observable. Accordingly, these loans are classified as Level 3 assets. The value of such loans will be impacted by
changes in amount and timing of the estimated cash flows from the borrowers.

Investments in venture funds and security receipts

Investments in venture fund
units and security receipts for which fair value is measured using net asset value, as a practical expedient, are not included in fair
value hierarchy.

The Group holds investments
in certain venture capital funds and security receipts. The fair value of these investments has been estimated using the net asset value
per unit as declared by such investee entities. The security receipts are issued by asset reconstruction companies with underlying mainly
as non-performing loans with objectives of gains through improvement in recoveries on these assets. The venture capital fund units are
issued by venture capital funds with underlying investment in equity shares and other instruments with the objective of generating long
term returns. Some of the venture capital funds have focused investments in real estate and infrastructure sectors. The cash flow from
these investments is expected to happen through distribution upon liquidation of the underlying assets by the asset reconstruction companies’/venture
capital funds. A reduction in the estimated cash flows from the underlying assets or delays in collection of estimated cash flows will
adversely impact the net asset values and therefore the fair value of these investments.

The following table sets forth,
the information about the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring/non-recurring basis at March 31,
2025 and the level of inputs used to measure those products.

Rupees in million
Description   Level
1   Level
2   Level
3   Total
Investments
Equity shares   122,140.1   ..   9,452.6 6   131,592.8
Government debt securities   4,001,090.0   649,873.7   ..   4,650,963.7
Corporate debt securities   465,309.8   225,496.5   4,965.8   695,772.1
Mortgage and other asset backed securities   ..   ..   164,559.4   164,559.4
Others 1   87,641.6   194,765.8   1,022.4   283,429.8
Sub-total   4,676,181.6   1,070,136.0   180,000.2   5,926,317.8
Security receipts 2   ..
Venture fund units 2   15,653.8
Total investments   5,941,971.6

F-
154

Rupees in million
Description   Level
1   Level
2   Level
3   Total
Derivatives (positive mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   64,035.7   1,278.0   65,313.7
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   1,100.3   68,660.8   ..   69,761.1
Equity derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total positive mark-to-market   1,100.3   132,696.5   1,278.0   135,074.8
Derivatives (negative mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   (61,555.6)   (628.8)   (62,184.3)
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   (364.7)   (107,070.9)   ..   (107,436.6)
Equity derivatives   (3.0)   ..   ..   (3.0)
Total negative mark-to-market   (367.7)   (168,626.5)   (628.8)   (169,622.9)
Borrowings/deposits
Deposits   ..   (10,114.9)   ..   (10,114.9)
Bonds/deposits   ..   (378,673.0)   ..   (378,673.0)
Total borrowings/deposits   ..   (388,787.9)   ..   (388,787.9)
Loans Loans 5   ..   ..   10,284.0   10,284.0
Total loans   ..   ..   10,284.0   10,284.0

1.   Includes primarily certificate of deposits, commercial
paper and mutual funds.

2.   Fair value for these investments has been estimated
using net asset value per unit as declared by investee entities as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35 – “Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures”. The fair value for these investments has not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35-54B.

3.   Foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate
agreements and swap options and are also included in interest rate derivatives.

4.   Foreign currency options, cross currency interest
rate swaps and foreign currency futures are included in currency derivatives.

5.   Represents loans given to affiliates where bank has
opted for fair valuation option.

6.   Primarily represents equity shares fair valued based
on observable price in orderly market transactions occurred during the year on a non-recurring basis.

The following table sets forth,
the information about the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring/non-recurring basis at March 31,
2024 and the level of inputs used to measure those products.

Rupees in million
Description   Level
1   Level
2   Level
3   Total
Investments
Equity shares   112,750.5   ..   12,001.1 7   124,751.6
Government debt securities   3,631,749.0   721,481.6   ..   4,353,230.6
Corporate debt securities   416,148.8   190,261.5   3,554.3   609,964.6
Mortgage and other asset backed securities   ..   ..   192,871.3   192,871.3
Funded Credit Derivatives   185.0   ..   ..   185.0
Others 1   117,194.8   99,693.2   1,757.3   218,645.3
Sub-total   4,278,028.1   1,011,436.3   210,184.0   5,499,648.4
Security receipts 2   ..
Venture fund units 2   17,453.9
Total investments   5,517,102.3
Derivatives (positive mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   93,191.9   3,167.3   96,359.2
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   807.5   52,915.6   ..   53,723.1
Equity derivatives   7.5   ..   ..   7.5
Total positive mark-to-market   815.0   146,107.5   3,167.3   150,089.8
Derivatives (negative mark-to-market)

F-
155

Rupees in million
Description   Level
1   Level
2   Level
3   Total
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   (92,556.2)   (657.0)   (93,213.2)
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   (261.1)   (74,883.9)   ..   (75,145.0)
Equity derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total negative mark-to-market   (261.1)   (167,440.1)   (657.0)   (168,358.2)
Borrowings/Deposits
Deposits   (10,091.5)   (10,091.5)
Bonds/deposits   ..   (350,045.3)   ..   (350,045.3)
Total borrowings/deposits   ..   (360,136.8)   ..   (360,136.8)
Loans Loans 5   ..   ..   11,795.1   11,795.1
Total loans   ..   ..   11,795.1   11,795.1

1.   Includes primarily certificate of deposits, commercial
paper and mutual funds.

2.   Fair value for these investments has been estimated
using net asset value per unit as declared by investee entities as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35 – “Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures”. The fair value for these investments has not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35-54B.

3.   Foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate
agreements and swap options are included also in interest rate derivatives.

4.   Foreign currency options, cross currency interest
rate swaps and foreign currency futures are included in currency derivatives.

5.   Represents loans given to affiliates where bank has
opted for fair valuation option.

6.   At March 31, 2024, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited being a subsidiary was consolidated on a line-by-line basis.

7.   Primarily represents equity shares fair valued based
on observable price in orderly market transactions occurred during the year on a non-recurring basis.

Transfers in/out of Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy

Equity shares of Rs. 5.6 million
were transferred from Level 1 to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on significant management estimation/unobservable
market inputs at March 31, 2025 as compared to valuation based on unadjusted quoted prices at March 31, 2024.

Equity shares of Rs. 583.4
million were transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 as the valuation of these securities was based on unadjusted quoted prices at March 31,
2025 as compared to significant management estimation/unobservable market inputs at March 31, 2024.

Equity shares of Rs. 3,449.9
million were transferred from Level 3 to Cost as the valuation of these securities was based on cost based valuation at March 31, 2025
as prices from prior transactions or third-party pricing information without adjustment were not available.

Preference shares of Rs. 930.8
million were transferred from Level 3 to Cost as the valuation of these securities was based on cost based valuation at March 31, 2025.

Equity shares of Rs. 379.6
million were transferred from Cost to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on significant management estimation/unobservable
market inputs at March 31, 2025.

F-
156

The following table sets forth,
certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 assets for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Description   Investments   Loans
Equity shares   Corporate debt securities   Mortgage
and other asset backed securities   Others   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2024   12,001.1   3,554.3   192,871.3   1,757.3   210,184.0   11,795.1
Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
-Translation adjustment   0.7   17.8   (54.9)   (13.5)   (49.9)   ..
-Included in earnings   1,086.9   1,257.8   78.9   209.3   2,632.9   119.7
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   (26.6)   1,613.7   2,764.3   0.1   4,351.5   ..
Purchases/additions   80.0   ..   75,395.6   ..   75,475.6   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   197.3   ..   197.3   ..
Settlements   (41.4)   (1,477.7)   (106,693.0)   ..   (108,212.1)   (1,630.8)
Transfers in Level 3   385.2   ..   ..   ..   385.2   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   (4,033.4)   ..   ..   (930.8)   (4,964.2)   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2025   9,452.6   4,965.9   164,559.5   1,022.4   180,000.4   10,284.0
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   1,086.9   701.0   35.1   209.3   2,032.3   (271.6)
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in other comprehensive income attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   4.3   1,667.0   2,793.8   ..   4,465.1   ..

1.   Includes India-linked asset backed securities.

F-
157

The following table sets forth,
certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 assets for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Description   Investments   Loans
Equity shares   Corporate debt securities   Mortgage
and other asset backed securities   Others   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2023   7,921.4   2,048.4   101,578.7   217.5   111,766.0   6,973.2
Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
-Translation adjustment   41.1   ..   28.0   (2.4)   66.7   ..
-Included in earnings   3,278.0   319.8   101.9   495.6   4,195.3   6,270.6
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   10.8   1,038.1   4,003.4   0.1   5,052.4   ..
Purchases/additions   57.8   ..   170,062.9   614.3   170,735.0   6.8
Sales   ..   (72.1)   ..   ..   (72.1)   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   502.1   ..   502.1   ..
Settlements   (138.9)   (662.8)   (83,405.7)   ..   (84,207.4)   (1,455.5)
Transfers in Level 3   1,570.1   882.9   ..   432.2   2,885.2   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   (739.2)   ..   ..   ..   (739.2)   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2024   12,001.1   3,554.3   192,871.3   1,757.3   210,184.0   11,795.1
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   3,278.0   264.9   100.2   495.6   4,138.7   5,416.1
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in other comprehensive income attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   10.8   1,080.8   3,980.8   -   5,072.4   ..

1.  Includes India-linked
asset backed securities.

F-
158

The following table sets forth, certain additional
information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Description   Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives   Currency
derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives)   Equity derivatives   Un-funded credit derivatives   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2024   2,510.3   ..   ..   ..   2,510.3
Total gains or losses(realized/unrealized)   ..   ..
-Translation adjustment   ..   ..
-Included in earnings   (1,783.8)   ..   ..   ..   (1,783.8)
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Purchases   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Settlements   (77.3)   ..   ..   ..   (77.3)
Transfers in Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reduction due to deconsolidation of entity   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2025   649.2   649.2
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   (1,883.7)   ..   ..   ..   (1,883.7)

F-
159

The following table sets forth, certain additional
information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Description   Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives   Currency
derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives)   Equity derivatives   Un-funded credit derivatives   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2023   3,603.3   ..   ..   ..   3,603.3
Total gains or losses(realized/unrealized)
-Translation adjustment
-Included in earnings   (778.0)   ..   ..   ..   (778.0)
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Purchases   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Settlements   (315.1)   ..   ..   ..   (315.1)
Transfers in Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   0.1   ..   ..   ..   0.1
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reduction due to deconsolidation of entity   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2024   2,510.3   2,510.3
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   (1,091.4)   ..   ..   ..   (1,091.4)

F-
160

Quantitative information about unobservable inputs used in Level
3 fair value measurements

The Group Level 3
instruments consist of investment, loans and derivatives. An asset is classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy when one or more
unobservable inputs are used that are considered significant to its valuation.

The following table
sets forth, significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments at March 31, 2025.

Sr. No.   Product   Fair value (Rs. in million)   Principal Valuation techniques   Unobservable inputs   Units   Range of input values
Low   High   Weighted average
1   Loans   10,284.0   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   13.6%   50.3%   23.4%
Loss Severity   %   0.0%   100.0%   31.7%
2   Investment
2A   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - India linked   163,400.5   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   7.2%   12.6%   7.8%
2B   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - Non India linked   1,158.8   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   2.3%   3.1%   2.4%
2C   Corporate Debt securities   4,965.8   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   9.1%   16.0%   14.7%
Loss Severity   %   ..   100.0%   68.4%
2D   Equity shares - Non India Linked   19.9   Price Based   Listed price per share of the same issuer   USD   ..   1,336.0   1,336.0
Mark down for price per share   %   ..   50.00%   50.00%
2E   Equity shares - India Linked   56.6   Net asset valuations   Net asset value   %   131.36%   331.47%   192.37%
3   Interest Rate derivatives - India linked   628.5   Discounted cash flow   Markdown for the discount rate   BPS   77   77   77
Interest Rate derivatives – Non India linked   20.7   Counterparty quote based   ..   ..   40.0   40.0   40.0

F-
161

The following table
sets forth, significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments at March 31, 2024.

Sr. No.   Product   Fair value (Rs. in million)   Principal Valuation techniques   Unobservable inputs   Units   Range of input values
Low   High   Weighted average
1   Loans   11,795.1   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   14.03%   48.26%   23.86%
Loss Severity   %   11.48%   100.00%   29.01%
2   Investment
2A   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - India linked   190,765.6   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   7.68%   12.81%   8.21%
2B   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - Non India linked   2,105.7   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   3.70%   5.53%   4.09%
2C   Corporate Debt securities   3,554.3   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   6.86%   16.00%   13.55%
Loss Severity   %   0.00%   100.00%   68.32%
2D   Equity shares - Non India Linked   45.1   Comparable analysis   Listed price per share of the same issuer   USD   ..   279.08   279.08
Illiquidity and other discount   %   ..   50.00%   50.00%
2E   Equity shares - India Linked   57.1   Net asset valuations   Net asset value   %   134.09%   331.47%   194.27%
3   Interest Rate derivatives - India linked   2,483.2   Discounted cash flow   Markdown for the discount rate   BPS   40.00   77.00   50.59
Interest Rate derivatives – Non India linked   27.2   Counterparty quote based   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

e)   Investment securities in unrealized loss position

The Group adopted
ASU Topic 2016-13, “Financial Instruments—Credit Losses” effective April 1, 2020. The Group has determined that certain
available for sale debt securities with unrealized losses do not have credit losses. The Group conducts a review each year to identify
and evaluate investments that have indications of credit losses. Factors considered in determining whether a credit loss exists include
the extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost of a security, credit rating and financial condition of the issuer.
A credit loss is computed as difference between the amortized cost basis of the security and the present value of cash flows expected
to be collected from a security, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than amortized cost basis. The Group considers whether
the investments have been identified for sale or whether it is more likely than not that the Group will be required to sell the investment
before recovery of its amortized cost basis. The Group does not recognize

F-
162

an allowance on accrued interest as
the Group’s policy is to reverse uncollected accrued interest immediately after 90 days past due by derecognizing interest income.

The following table
sets forth, the fair value of the debt investments in available for sale debt securities and unrealized loss position, at March 31, 2025..

Rupees in million
Description of securities   Less than
12 months   12 months
or longer   Total
Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses
Corporate debt securities   19,420.4   (203.8)   239,930.8   (327.0)   259,351.2   (530.8)
Government securities   2,995.1   (76.6)   265,869.8   (1,101.7)   268,864.9   (1,178.3)
Other debt securities   17,953.1   (1.8)   3,150.6   (129.9)   21,103.7   (131.8)
Total debt securities   40,368.6   (282.2)   508,951.2   (1,558.6)   549,319.8   (1,840.8)

The following table
sets forth, the fair value of the debt investments in available for sale debt securities and unrealized loss position, at March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Description of securities   Less than
12 months   12 months
or longer   Total
Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses
Corporate debt securities   21,738.1   (143.2)   81,020.0   (1,477.0)   102,758.1   (1,620.2)
Government securities   229,769.1   (882.9)   683,420.7   (12,805.6)   913,189.8   (13,688.5)
Other debt securities   6,226.6   (7.8)   5,547.1   (343.3)   11,773.7   (351.1)
Total debt securities   257,733.8   (1,033.9)   769,987.8   (14,625.9)   1,027,721.6   (15,659.8)

Certain investments
in debt securities with unrealized losses are not classified as impaired, since the Group has assessed that the securities in an unrealized
loss position have not been identified for sale and it is not more likely than not that the Group will be required to sell the securities
before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current period credit loss.

The Group also holds
certain debt investments with credit losses, which have not been identified for sale and it is not more likely than not that the Group
will be required to sell the securities before an anticipated recovery in value other than credit losses, where the amount representing
the credit losses is recognized in earnings and the amount of loss related to other factors is recognized in Other Comprehensive Income.
The credit losses have been determined based on the difference of present value of expected future cash flows of the securities and the
amortized cost basis of such securities.  The Group bases its estimates of future cash flows on evaluation of the issuer’s
overall financial condition, resources and payment record and the realizable value of any collateral, third party guarantees or other
credit enhancements.

F-
163

The following table sets forth, roll-forward
of the allowance for credit losses for available for sale debt securities for March 31, 2025:

Rupees in million
Corporate debt securities   Government securities   Other debt securities   Total allowance
Allowance for credit losses at the beginning of the period   7,612.1   ..   367.1   7,979.2
Additions during the year for which credit losses were not previously recorded   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additions to the allowance for credit losses arising from purchased financial assets with credit deterioration   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due to sale of securities during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due to the Group intends to sale the securities or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis.   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additional increases or decreases during the year on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period   0.6   ..   (3.7)   (3.1)
Write-off during the period   ..   ..   ..   ..
Recoveries during the period   (642.4)   ..   (35.9)   (678.2)
Balance of the allowance for credit losses at the end of the period   6,970.3   ..   327.5   7,297.8

The following table sets forth, roll-forward
of the allowance for credit losses for available for sale debt securities for March 31, 2024:

Rupees in million
Corporate debt securities   Government securities   Other debt securities   Total allowance
Allowance for credit losses at the beginning of the period   8,290.0   ..   535.0   8,825.0
Additions during the year for which credit losses were not previously recorded   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additions to the allowance for credit losses arising from purchased financial assets with credit deterioration   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due to sale of securities during the year   (433.4)   ..   ..   (433.4)
Reductions due to the Group intends to sale the securities or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additional increases or decreases during the year on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period.   211.0   ..   2.5   213.5
Write-off during the period   ..   ..   (101.1)   (101.1 )
Recoveries during the period   (455.5)   ..   (69.3)   (524.8)
Balance of the allowance for credit losses at the end of the period.   7,612.1   ..   367.1   7,979.2

At March 31,
2025, the Group holds cost method equity investments amounting to Rs. 145,923.5 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 125,451.7 million). The fair
value for such securities has not been estimated in the absence of changes in circumstances that have a significant adverse effect on
the fair value of the investments.

F-
164

f)   Loans

The Group follows
the guidance provided in the FASB ASC topic 326: “Financial instruments – Credit Losses” for accounting and measurement
of loan loss allowance. This guidance established a single allowance framework for all financial assets measured at amortized cost including
unfunded credit facilities and loan commitments. This framework requires that management’s estimate reflects credit losses over
the instrument’s remaining expected life and considers expected future changes in macroeconomic conditions.

The estimation of
the allowance for credit losses is complex and requires significant management judgment about the effect of certain matters that are inherently
uncertain. The allowance for credit losses in future periods may be significantly different, considering the macro-economic conditions,
forecasts and other factors then prevailing.

The allowance for
loan losses and allowance for lending-related commitments represents expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of retained
loans and lending-related commitments that are in the nature of non-cancellable by the Group. The expected life of each instrument is
determined by considering its contractual term and expected prepayments.

When calculating
the allowance for credit losses, the Group assesses whether exposures share similar risk characteristics. If similar risk characteristics
exist, the Group estimates expected credit losses collectively, considering the risk associated with a particular segment and the probability
that the exposures within the segment will default, based on risk characteristics such as product type, delinquency status, credit scores,
months on book, etc. For Agriculture loans, a further segmentation of risk characteristics is also carried out based on direct and indirect
agriculture lending. The segmentation for commercial loans is based on risk characteristics such as customer type, risk rating assigned
using internal rating models and delinquency status. The commercial loans are also considered as not sharing similar risk characteristics
if principal or interest has remained overdue for more than 90 days or the borrower has undergone restructuring/likely to be restructured.
The consumer loan, loan commitment and significant portion of commercial loans and unfunded credit exposure share similar risk characteristic
with other credit exposures in the segment, and as a result are collectively assessed for credit loss.

The credit loss on
collective basis is estimated using a current expected credit losses methodology which is based on relevant information about historical
experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the loan balances. The collective
assessment begins with a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation
covers expected credit losses over an instrument’s expected life and is the result of multiplying the individual loan level exposure
at default with the estimated probability of default and loss given default. The probabilities of default are derived using a macro-economic
scenario over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion
to the long run historical information. The forecasts take into consideration the Group’s overarching economic outlook based on
internal as well as external inputs and involve a governed process that incorporates feedback from senior management.  The quantitative
calculation is adjusted to take into consideration model imprecision not yet reflected in the calculation.

The Group applies
management overlays to its model-based estimates where appropriate. These overlays reflect adjustments to the probability of default to
address limitations in the statistical models, particularly where future economic conditions may evolve differently from the historical
patterns considered while developing these models. The overlays ensure that the expected credit loss estimates remain relevant and incorporate
forward-looking risks that are otherwise difficult to quantify using a

F-
165

model, such as emerging trade tensions,
moderation expected in global as well as Indian growth, geo-economic fragmentation, geopolitical conflicts, attendant volatility in commodity
prices, moderation in IT services growth and artificial intelligence (AI) developments.

If an exposure does
not share risk characteristics with other exposures, expected credit losses are estimated on an individual basis. The credit loss on individual
basis is either estimated on basis of the present value of expected future cash flows or in case of a collateral dependent loan, the net
realizable value of the collateral net of cost to sell, if any. The loans primarily have collateral in the form of business assets or
real estate. For large balance commercial loan, evaluation also includes assessment of individual loans based on borrower specific facts
and circumstances, including financial performance, future prospects and repayment history of the borrower.

Estimating the timing
and amounts of future cash flows is highly judgmental as these cash flow projections rely upon estimates such as loss severities, asset
valuations, default rates, the amounts and timing of interest or principal payments (including any expected prepayments) or other factors
that are reflective of current and expected market conditions. These estimates are, in turn, dependent on factors such as uncertainty
around geo-political situation, current overall economic conditions, portfolio or borrower-specific factors, the expected outcome of insolvency
proceedings as well as, in certain circumstances, other economic factors. All of these estimates and assumptions require significant management
judgment and certain assumptions are highly subjective.

A loan is considered
impaired when the Group believes it is probable that all amounts due according to the original contractual terms of the loan will not
be collected. A loan is generally classified as impaired if any amount of interest or principal remains overdue for more than 90 days
(365 days for direct agriculture loans). The Group does not recognize an allowance on accrued interest as the Group’s policy is
to write-off uncollected accrued interest immediately after 90 days past due (for certain agriculture loans based on crop cycle) by reversing
interest income. Accordingly, the Group has not recognized allowance for loan losses on interest accrued in note ‘7. Loans’.

The following table sets forth the recorded
investment in impaired loans at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Total recorded investment in impaired loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in impaired loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans 1   189,421.0   153,878.5   15,015.6   204,436.6
Consumer loans 2   115,162.6   53,551.4   ..   115,162.7
Total   304,583.6   207,429.9   15,015.6   319,599.3

1.   Primarily includes commercial loans assessed individually.

2.   Includes consumer loans assessed collectively.

The following table sets forth the recorded
investment in impaired loans at March 31, 2024.

F-
166

Rupees in million
Total recorded investment in impaired loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in impaired loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans 1   218,074.2   167,214.9   20,332.6   238,406.9
Consumer loans 2   112,415.3   50,615.2   ..   112,415.3
Total   330,489.5   217,830.1   20,332.6   350,822.2

1.   Primarily includes commercial loans assessed individually.

2.   Includes consumer loans assessed collectively.

The following table
sets forth the closing balance of allowance for loan losses for other loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   136,778.5   ..   ..   136,778.5
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   75,954.2   269,006.0   ..   344,960.2
Total allowance for loan losses   212,732.7   269,006.0   ..   481,738.7
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   179,275.6   ..   ..   179,275.6
Collectively evaluated for impairment   5,796,696.9   8,376,979.9   ..   14,173,676.8
Total recorded financing receivables   5,975,972.5   8,376,979.9   ..   14,352,952.4

The following table
sets forth the closing balance of allowance for loan losses for other loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   159,433.0   ..   ..   159,433.0
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   53,561.0   274,186.9   ..   327,747.9
Total allowance for loan losses   212,994.0   274,186.9   ..   487,180.9
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   219,632.6   ..   ..   219,632.6
Collectively evaluated for impairment   4,863,244.9   7,672,968.1   34.3   12,536,247.4
Total recorded financing receivables   5,082,877.5   7,672,968.1   34.3   12,755,880.0

F-
167

The following table
sets forth, allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2025:

Rupees in million
Particulars   Fiscal 2025
Loan commitment   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total
allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal.   9,215.3   27,877.3   37,092.6
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the year   1,709.4   (1,754.9)   (45.5)
Allowances at the end of the fiscal...   10,924.7   26,122.4   37,047.1

The following table
sets forth, allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2024:

Rupees in million
Particulars   Fiscal 2024
Loan commitment   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total
allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal.   5,520.3   27,893.6   33,414.0
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the year   3,695.0   (16.3)   3,678.6
Allowances at the end of the fiscal...   9,215.3   27,877.3   37,092.6

The following table
sets forth, allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2023:

Rupees in million
Particulars   Fiscal 2023
Loan commitment   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total
allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal.   3,258.3   28,198.7   31,456.9
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the year   2,262.0   (305.1)   1,957.0
Allowances at the end of the fiscal...   5,520.3   27,893.6   33,414.0

During the year ended March
31, 2025, there were no loans outstanding where modification was carried due to financial difficulty. Further, the total principal forgiveness
offered by the Group to its borrowers amounted to Rs. 19,476.2 million.

The following table sets forth
loans with financial difficulty which were modified during the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Modified
Loans with financial difficulty involving following Modifications:
Amortised cost at March 31, 2024   Reduction in interest rates   Extension of term of the loans   Both Interest rate reduction and term extension   % of total loans outstanding   Weighted average reduction in interest rates   Weighted average extension in term (in months)
Commercial loans   693.7   ..   158.9   534.8   0.01%   7.15%   77
Consumer loans   1,105.3   ..   1,091.8   13.5   0.01%   0.48%   8
Total   1,798.9   ..   1,250.7   548.2   0.01%

F-
168

1.   In addition to above the total principal forgiveness
offered by the Group to its borrowers amounted to Rs. 11,932.7 million

2.   Of the above loans modified during the year, commercial
loans amounting to Rs. 549.9 million and consumer loans amounting to Rs. 97.9 million defaulted within the 12 months of modification.
These defaulted commercial loans were offered both interest rate reduction and term extension and the defaulted consumer loans were offered
the term extension at the time of modification.

The following table sets forth the past due status at March 31, 2024
of loans with financial difficulty which were modified during the year ended March 31, 2024

Rupees in million

Particulars   Current   Overdue for 31-60 days   Overdue for 61-90 days   Overdue for more than 90 days   Total
Commercial loans   137.0   ..   20.7   535.9   693.6
Consumer loans   1,025.3   13.9   1.8   64.2   1,105.2
Total   1,162.3   13.9   22.5   600.1   1,798.8

Additionally, at
March 31, 2025, the Bank has outstanding loans amounting to Rs. 14,984.7 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 16,615.5 million) to equity affiliates,
where the Bank has opted for fair value accounting under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial Instruments”. See also 22. Notes under
U.S. GAAP – Additional information required under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial interests.

g)   Equity affiliates

Under U.S. GAAP,
the Group accounts for its ownership interest in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited (ICICI Life) by the equity method of
accounting.

ICICI Life

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the summarized U.S. GAAP balance sheet of ICICI Life.

Rupees in million
At March 31,
Balance sheet   2025   2024
Cash and cash equivalents   45,014.9   56,783.2
Securities   1,413,195.1   1,195,441.0
Assets held to cover linked liabilities   1,612,399.0   1,648,424.0
Other assets   210,950.0   178,954.9
Total assets   3,281,559.9   3,079,603.1
Provision for linked liabilities   1,612,399.0   1,648,424.0
Other liabilities   1,419,270.1   1,211,385.8
Stockholders’ equity   249,890.7   219,793.3
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   3,281,559.9   3,079,603.1

F-
169

ICICI Life implemented
Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long duration Contracts (LDTI) in fiscal 2024. Accordingly, restated opening balance sheet
with LDTI transition adjustments, under the ‘carryover basis’ transition approach, is described below.

Rupees in million
Shareholders’ Accumulated other Comprehensive income/(loss) (a)   Retained earnings (b)   Shareholders’ Equity (a+b)   Other Liabilities
Balance as reported at March 31, 2023   38,707.2   60,388.5   99,095.7   1,062,924.1
Cumulative effect of adopting LDTI (ASU 2018-12)
- Net actuarial liabilities   50,983.7   50,553.0   101,536.8   (101,536.8   )
-Other balance sheet reclassifications and adjustments   (11,077.6   )   (8,531.8   )   (19,609.4   )   19,609.4
Balance as adjusted at April 1, 2023   78,613.3   102,409.7   181,023.1   980,996.7

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, the summarized U.S. GAAP statements of operations of ICICI Life.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024
Interest income   130,390.0   117,129.2
Interest expense   (1,417.1)   (995.7)
Net interest income   128,972.9   116,133.5
Insurance premium   489,507.4   432,356.4
Other non-interest income   82,384.4   369,251.3
Non-interest expense   (662,409.4)   (868,016.6)
Income tax (expense)/benefit   (4,886.6)   (6,194.1)
Income/(loss), net   33,568.7   43,530.5

The income decreased
to Rs. 33,568.7 million in fiscal 2025 from Rs. 43,530.5 million in fiscal 2024, primarily due to difference in policyholders’ liabilities
and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost and marked-to-market loss on trading portfolio
and equity securities.

The aggregate market value of the investment
in shares of ICICI Life at March 31, 2025 based on quoted market prices was Rs. 416,267.67 million (At March 31, 2024: Rs. 448,943.6 million).

F-
170

h)   Insurance entities

Life insurance affiliate

The significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the life insurance affiliate are primarily on account of:

i) Difference
in policyholders’ liability and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost

Policyholders’ liability

Reserves under Indian
GAAP are maintained as per the requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority
of India and Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India. Accordingly, the reserves are computed using the Gross
Premium Method (reserves are computed as the present value of future benefits including future bonuses and the present value of expenses
including overheads and are net of the present value of future total premiums, paid by policyholders). Valuation parameters are set prudently
and include a margin for adverse deviation (MAD) as prescribed under APS7 issued by the Institute of Actuaries of India.

The liability under
U.S. GAAP is measured as per the valuation guidance provided by the U.S. GAAP principles codified under the Account Standards Codification
(ASC) developed and issued by the Financial Account Standards Board (FASB). The total liability under U.S. GAAP consists of two parts,
viz., policy liability (consisting of the liability for future policy benefits, unearned revenue liability, sales inducement liability)
and deferred profit liability.

The liability for
future policy benefits is computed as the present value of guaranteed benefits less the present value of net premiums that cover these
benefits. Operating assumptions - such as mortality, morbidity, claims expenses, and lapses and surrenders - are set on a best estimate
basis and updated at least annually.  The discount rate used for traditional and limited-payment long-duration contracts are
rates locked-in at contract inception.  The liability for future policy benefits is recalculated using the yields on upper medium
grade fixed income corporate bond instruments and the difference in the liability is reflected in other comprehensive income. Deferred
profit liability is held in accordance with ASC Topic 944-605-35 for the products for which the premium paying term is shorter than the
policy term, to allow the emergence of the profits over the entire policy term in accordance with service provided.  The deferred
profit liability is calculated using the same assumptions as the liability for future policy benefits but is calculated only using locked-in
discount rates.

For Unit-Linked contracts,
the account value is held as liability. The excess of total allocation charges in each valuation period over the ultimate allocation charges
is held as unearned revenue liability and are amortized over time, in line with the amortization of deferred acquisition costs. A sales
inducement liability is recognized for loyalty additions payable under such contracts. This liability accrues over time based on current
best estimate operating and economic assumptions, reflecting the expected cost of future loyalty additions.

Unallocated policyholders’
surplus

Under Indian GAAP,
shareholders may be allocated a portion of the surplus from the participating policyholders’ fund, based on the recommendation of
the Appointed Actuary. This allocation is limited to one-ninth of the surplus distributed to policyholders, subject to a maximum of 10%
of the total actuarial surplus.

Under U.S. GAAP,
10% of the total surplus is transferred to shareholders and 90% is held back as unallocated policyholders’ surplus for participating
policyholders.

Deferred acquisition
cost

F-
171

Under Indian GAAP,
acquisition cost  is charged to the revenue account in the year in which it is incurred whereas under U.S. GAAP, the acquisition
costs, which are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts, are deferred over the policy term.
Under U.S GAAP, the deferred acquisition costs are those that vary with and are primarily related to the acquisition of new and renewal
of existing insurance contracts.

The deferrable acquisition
cost asset is amortized over time on a constant-level basis. The amortization of deferrable acquisition costs over the accounting period
is recognized as an expense in the income statement. The unamortized balance of deferrable acquisition cost is reflected as an asset on
the balance sheet. The assumptions used to calculate amortization of deferrable acquisition costs are the same as those used to calculate
policy liability.

ii)   Compensation costs

Accounting for employee
stock options

Under Indian GAAP,
stock compensation costs are accounted for using the intrinsic value method as compared to U.S. GAAP where the stock compensation costs
have been accounted for based on fair value method.

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP, all actuarial
gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit in the
profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income. Subsequently
cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10% corridor is amortized through profit
and loss account. Further, in U.S. GAAP, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality fixed income
securities as compared to yield on Government securities under Indian GAAP.

iii)   Investment income

Under Indian GAAP,
accounting for investments is in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India,
which do not allow the unrealized gain / loss to be routed through the revenue account except in the case of linked business. A linked
life insurance policy is a policy in which the cash value of the policy varies according to the net asset value of units (i.e., shares)
in investment assets chosen by the policyholder. Further under Indian GAAP, unrealized gains/losses arising due to changes in the fair
value of listed equity shares, mutual funds and investment property is taken to fair value change account in balance sheet. Under U.S.
GAAP, unrealized gain/(loss) on investments classified as “held for trading” and unrealized gain/losses on equity securities
are recognized in the profit and loss account. Unrealized gains or losses on investments classified as “available-for-sale”
are recognized in other comprehensive income. Investment property is recognized as a fixed asset and valued at acquisition cost less depreciation.

iv)  Income taxes

The differences in the accounting for
income taxes are primarily on account of the income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments.

v)   Lease

F-
172

Under Indian GAAP, expenses towards
operating lease is charged to profit and loss account on a straight line basis. Under U.S. GAAP, a right to use asset and a lease liability
is required to be recognized at the commencement of the lease for all lease on adoption of FASB ASC 842- “Leases” and a single
lease cost is recognized, which is calculated such that the cost of the operating lease is allocated over the lease term on a generally
straight-line basis.

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the life insurance affiliate.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2025 1   2024 1   2023
Profit as per Indian GAAP   11,855.1   8,506.7   8,134.9
Adjustments on account of
Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio and equity securities…...   (8,041.8)   19,605.1   (4,532.8)
Difference in policyholders’ liabilities and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost   34,926.1   27,111.0   8,502.5
Compensation costs   (377.8)   (820.8)   (692.1)
Deferred taxes benefit/(expense)   (4,774.4)   (10,657.0)   160.4
Others   (18.5)   (214.4)   (160.0)
Profit/(loss) as per U.S. GAAP   33,568.7   43,530.5   11,412.9
Net income/(loss) (net of tax)   33,568.7   43,530.5   11,412.9
Other Comprehensive Incom e (net of taxes):
Net unrealized gain/(loss) on securities, net of realization & others   20,467.9   21,003.9   (9,969.4)
Effect of remeasurement of future policy benefits to an upper-medium grade discount rate…..   (25,898.6)   (26,565.6)   ..
Accounting for post retirement employee benefits   (28.4)   (10.5)   (0.1)
Total comprehensive income/(loss)   28,109.7   37,958.3   1,443.4

1.   Prepared in accordance with the LDTI guidelines as
prescribed under ASC 944 (ASU 2018-12)

The profit under
Indian GAAP increased from Rs. 8,506.7 million in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 11,855.1 million in fiscal 2025, net income under U.S. GAAP decreased
from Rs. 43,530.5 million in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 33,568.7 million in fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2025, the total comprehensive income was Rs.
28,109.7 million as compared to total comprehensive income of Rs. 37,958.3 million in fiscal 2024.

The unrealized gain
on the trading portfolio and equity securities decreased from a gain of Rs. 19,605.1 million in fiscal 2024 to a loss of Rs. 8,041.8 million
in fiscal 2025. This decrease was primarily due to marked-to-market loss in equity securities. In fiscal 2025, the marked-to-market loss
recognized on equity securities was Rs. 14,450.6 million (compared to a marked-to-market gain of Rs.15,753.3 million in fiscal 2024).
Furthermore, the marked-to-market gain recognized in net income on the debt securities in fiscal 2025 was Rs. 6,408.8 million (compared
to a marked-to-market gain of Rs. 3,851.8 million in fiscal 2024). Out of the above, in fiscal 2025, the marked-to-market loss recognized
on equity securities in respect of participating fund was Rs. 7,065 million (compared to a marked-to-market gain of Rs. 14,220.8 million
in fiscal 2024). Furthermore, the marked-to-market gain recognized in net income on the debt securities in respect of participating fund
in fiscal 2025 was Rs. 6,405.3 million (compared to a marked-to-market gain of Rs. 3,849.5 million in fiscal 2024).

Under U.S. GAAP,
the policyholders' liabilities and unallocated participating policyholders' surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost,
were lower by Rs. 34,926.1 million in fiscal 2025 compared to Indian GAAP (compared to difference of Rs. 27,111.0 million in fiscal 2024).

F-
173

In fiscal 2025, difference
in policyholder’s liabilities net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost under U.S. GAAP was lower by Rs 41,927.8 million
compared to Indian GAAP which is primarily due to increase in deferred acquisition cost resulting from higher commission cost, which was
incurred for acquiring new insurance policies, coupled with release of prudent margins held in the reserves under Indian GAAP pursuant
to the adoption of LDTI (ASU 2018-12).

In fiscal 2025, difference
in the liabilities towards unallocated participating policyholders' surplus under U.S. GAAP was higher by Rs. 7,001.7 million compared
to Indian GAAP, primarily due to release of prudent margins held in the reserve of participating funds under Indian GAAP pursuant to adoption
of LDTI (ASU 2018-12).

Other comprehensive
income includes unrealized gain (net of tax) arising from policyholders’ assets classified as available for sale decreased to Rs.
20,467.9 million in fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024: unrealized gain (net of tax) of Rs. 21,003.9 million)

Other comprehensive
income includes charge (net of tax) arising from remeasurement of future policy benefits to an upper-medium grade discount rate decreased
to Rs. 25,898.6 million in fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024: Rs. 26,565.6 million (net of tax)).

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of deferred tax in net income reconciliation of ICICI Life.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2025 (1)   2024 (1)   2023
Income tax impact of U.S. GAAP adjustments   (4,774.4)   (10,657.0)   160.4
Total differences in income taxes   (4,774.4)   (10,657.0)   160.4

1.   Prepared in accordance with the LDTI guidelines as
prescribed under ASC 944 (ASU 2018-12)

General insurance subsidiary

The significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the general insurance subsidiary are primarily on account of:

i)     Provision for reinsurance
commission

Under Indian GAAP,
reinsurance commission on business ceded is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk. Under U.S. GAAP, proceeds from
reinsurance transactions that represent recovery of acquisition costs are reduced from unamortized acquisition costs in such a manner
that net acquisition costs are capitalized and amortized over the related policy period.

ii)    Amortization
of deferred acquisition costs

Under Indian GAAP,
acquisition cost is charged as an expense to the revenue account in the year in which it is incurred whereas under U.S. GAAP, the same
is deferred and amortized as an expense in as per ASC Topic 944 “Financial Services-Insurance”. Accordingly, certain acquisition
costs have been deferred that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts.

iii)    Premium
deficiency

Under
Indian GAAP, premium deficiency is recognized if the sum of the expected claims costs, related expenses and maintenance costs exceed related
unearned premiums. Under Indian GAAP, for

F-
174

assessment of premium deficiency, line
of business are segmented under “Fire”, “Marine”, “Miscellaneous” segments. Under U.S. GAAP premium
deficiency is assessed for each line of business and recognized in the profit & loss account if the sum of expected claim costs and
claims adjustment expenses, expected dividends to policyholders, un-amortized acquisition costs and maintenance costs exceed related unearned
premiums. A premium deficiency is recognized by first charging acquisition costs to expense, to the extent required to eliminate the deficiency.
If the premium deficiency is greater than un-amortized acquisition costs, a liability for the excess deficiency is required to be accrued.

iv)    Compensation
costs

Accounting for employee
stock options

Under Indian GAAP,
stock compensation costs are accounted for by the intrinsic value method as compared to U.S. GAAP where the compensation costs have been
accounted for at the fair value method in accordance with the requirement of FASB ASC Topic 718 “Compensation-Stock Compensation”.

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP,
all actuarial gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit
in the profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income. Subsequently
cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10% corridor is amortized through profit
and loss account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality fixed income securities in
U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on government securities under Indian GAAP.

v)     Mark
to market on equity investments

Under Indian GAAP,
all unrealized gains/ (losses) on equity investments are recognized through reserves. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains/ (losses) on equity
investments are recognized through income statement.

vi)
Income taxes

The differences in
the accounting for income taxes are primarily on account of the income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments.

vii)   Lease

Under Indian GAAP,
expenses towards operating lease is charged to profit and loss account on a straight line basis. Under U.S. GAAP, a right to use asset
and a lease liability is required to be recognized at the commencement of the lease for all lease on adoption of FASB ASC 842- “Leases”
and a single lease cost is recognized, which is calculated such that the cost of the operating lease is allocated over the lease term
on a generally straight-line basis.

viii)   Business
Combination

F-
175

During fiscal 2022, in accordance
with the Scheme of Arrangement between ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited,
as approved by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India with effect from September 8, 2021, assets and liabilities of Bharti
AXA General Insurance Company Limited’s general insurance business vested with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited on
the Appointed Date of April 1, 2020. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited issued two fully paid up equity shares to the shareholders
of Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited for every 115 fully paid up equity shares.

Under Indian GAAP the merger
was accounted using the “Pooling of Interest Method” as prescribed in Accounting Standard 14 “Accounting for Amalgamations”
where all the assets, liabilities and reserves of the Bharti AXA’s general insurance business were recorded in their existing form
and at their carrying value and the excess of consideration paid over net assets taken-over was adjusted with the reserve and surplus
account.

Under US GAAP, the merger was
accounted in accordance with ASC 805 – Business Combinations where all the assets and liabilities were measured at fair value on
September 8, 2021 of merger. Goodwill was measured as excess of consideration paid over the net assets taken over. Accordingly, under
US GAAP, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited recognized intangible assets of Rs. 1,230.0 million and goodwill of Rs. 46,454.5
million. The goodwill is tested for impairment on annual basis and intangible assets are amortized over the useful life.

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the details of the significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for the general insurance subsidiary.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Profit as per Indian GAAP   25,082.6   19,185.9   17,290.5
Adjustments on account of
Provision for reinsurance commission   (264.9)   (2,175.8)   (1,171.9)
Amortization of deferred acquisition costs   15,679.9   9,153.2   531.3
Premium deficiency   0. 0   0.0   11.9
Compensation costs   (778.1)   (1,118.7)   (1,285.6)
Unrealized gain/(loss) on equity investments.   (3,145.2)   7,258.0   (413.6)
Income tax benefit/(expense)   (3,083.5)   (3,556.6)   296.4
Business Combination   (123.0)   (123.0)   (123.0)
Others   165.9   17.8   (12.2)
Profit/(Loss) as per U.S. GAAP   33,533.8   28,640.8   15,123.8
Other Comprehensive Income (net of taxes)
MTM on Debt Securities   6,825.0   4,781.1   (6,010.8)
Compensation Cost   1307.7   1,118.7   1,285.6
Actuarial Gain/(Loss)   (45.8)   18.6   14.4
Total Other Comprehensive Income   8,086.9   5,918.5   (4,710.8)
Total Comprehensive Income   41,620.7   34,559.2   10,413.0

The profit under
Indian GAAP increased from Rs.19,185.9 million in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 25,082.6 million in fiscal 2025, profit under U.S. GAAP increased
from Rs. 28,640.8 million in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 33,533.8 million in fiscal 2025. Total comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP increased
from Rs. 34,559.2 million in fiscal 2024 to Rs. 41,620.7 million in fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2024, there was unrealized gain on available
for sale debt securities amounting to Rs. 4,781.1 million whereas in fiscal 2025 there is unrealized gain on available for sale debt securities
amounting to Rs. 6,825.0 million.

F-
176

Reinsurance commission
on premium ceded is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk under Indian GAAP and recognized over the policy period
under U.S. GAAP. Reinsurance commission income was lower by Rs. 264.9 million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP in fiscal 2025
(lower by Rs. 2,175.8 million in fiscal 2024). This decrease was primarily due to Impact of 1/n as per IRDAI regulation applicable from
October 1, 2024.

Deferred acquisition
cost resulted in income of  Rs. 15,679.9 million in fiscal 2025 (fiscal 2024: cost of Rs. 9,153.2 million) under U.S. GAAP as
compared to Indian GAAP primarily includes Rs. 2,667.5 million expenses directly attributable to the acquisition of insurance contracts.

In fiscal 2024, there
was unrealized gain on equity investments amounting to Rs. 7,258.0 million whereas in fiscal 2025 there is unrealized loss on equity investments
amounting to Rs. (3,145.2) millions. While, these gains/losses are accounted through fair value change account in balance sheet under
Indian GAAP, under U.S. GAAP these gains/losses are accounted through net income.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of income taxes in net income reconciliation of the general insurance subsidiary.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments   (3,083.5)   (3,556.6)   296.4
Total differences in income taxes   (3,083.5)   (3,556.6)   296.4

i)   Goodwill and intangible assets

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of goodwill and intangible assets, by category under U.S. GAAP
.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024
Goodwill   639,289.5   639,289.5
Charge off/write off   (54.0)   (54.0)
Goodwill, net   (A)   639,235.5   639,235.5
Asset management and advisory intangibles   (B)   367.0   367.0
Customer-related intangibles   115,603.4   115,603.4
Accumulated amortization   (18,504.4)   (11,316.6)
Customer-related intangibles net   (C)   97,099.0   104,286.8
Goodwill
    and intangible assets, net   (A+B+C)   736,701.5   743,889.3

1.   See also “Schedule 18 -Fixed assets”.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in goodwill under U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024
Opening balance   639,235.5   35,047.4
Goodwill addition during the period   ..   604,188.1
Goodwill disposed off during the period   ..   ..
Closing balance   639,235.5   639,235.5

F-
177

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in intangible assets under U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024
Opening balance   104,286.8   ..
Additions   ..   104,875.6
Amortization   (7,187.8)   (588.7)
Disposal   ..   ..
Closing balance   97,099.0   104,286.8

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the estimated amortization schedule for intangible assets under U.S. GAAP, on a straight line basis,
for the next five years.

Rupees in million
Year ended:   Amount
Fiscal 2026   7,187.8
Fiscal 2027   7,187.8
Fiscal 2028   7,187.8
Fiscal 2029   7,187.8
Fiscal 2030   7,187.8
Thereafter   61,159.9
Total   97,099.0

The Group has assigned
goodwill to reporting units. The Group tests its goodwill for impairment on an annual basis at a reporting unit level. The fair value
of the reporting units was assessed qualitatively as per ASC topic 350-20-35-3 and determined that it was not more likely than not that
the fair value of the reporting units was less than their carrying amounts and the quantitative goodwill impairment test was unnecessary
at March 31, 2025 and at March 31, 2024.

j)   Employee benefits

Gratuity

In accordance with
Indian regulations, the Group provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan covering all employees. The plan provides a lump
sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death or termination of employment based on the respective employee’s salary and
the years of employment with the Group. The gratuity benefit provided by the Group to its employees is equal to or greater than the statutory
minimum.

In respect of the
parent company, the gratuity benefit is provided to the employee through a fund administered by a Board of Trustees and managed by ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. The parent company is responsible for settling the gratuity obligation through contributions
to the fund.

F-
178

In respect of the
remaining entities within the Group, the gratuity benefit is provided through annual contributions to a fund administered and managed
by Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. Under this scheme, the settlement obligation
and contribution to be paid remains with the Group, although LIC and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited administer the scheme.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the funded status of the plans and the amounts recognized in the financial statements.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024
Change in benefit obligations
Projected benefit obligations at the beginning of the year   20,940.7   16,797.8
Add: Addition due to acquisition of control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Private Limited during the year   ..   1,651.8
Add: Adjustment for exchange fluctuation on opening obligations   3.6   2.4
Adjusted opening obligations   20,944.3   18,452.0
Service cost   2,185.5   1,737.7
Interest cost   1,651.5   1,345.5
Acquisition/(Divestitures)   4.9   (27.9)
Benefits paid   (1,802.9)   (1,576.7)
Unrecognized prior service cost   ..   ..
Plan amendments   ..   ..
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligations   1,270.4   1,010.1
Projected benefit obligations at the end of the year   24,253.6   20,940.7
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year   21,146.0   15,454.2
Add: Addition due to acquisition of control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Private Limited during the year   ..   1,608.9
Adjusted opening plan assets   21,146.0   17,063.1
Acquisition/(Divestitures)   6.3   (27.9)
Actual return on plan assets   2,074.1   1,919.6
Employer contributions   2,477.7   3,760.8
Benefits paid   (1,729.7)   (1,569.6)
Plan assets at the end of the year   23,974.4   21,146.0
Funded status   (279.5)   205.3
Amount recognized, net   (279.5)   205.3
Accumulated benefit obligation at year-end   15,203.5   13,144.8

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the net gratuity cost.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Service cost   2,185.5   1,737.8   1,526.2
Interest cost   1,651.5   1,345.5   1,063.6
Expected return on plan assets   (1,525.8)   (1,129.7)   (1,092.2)
Amortization of prior service cost   (12.2)   (9.8)   8.3
Amortized actuarial (gain)/loss   114.6   127.5   10.2
Acquisition and divestiture (gain)/loss   (1.4)   ..   ..
Exchange (gain)/loss   3.6   2.4   12.2
Gratuity cost, net   2,415.8   2,073.7   1,528.3

F-
179

The discount rate
for the corresponding tenure of obligations for gratuity is selected by reference to local government security yield with a premium added
to reflect the additional risk for AAA rated corporate bonds.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost
.

Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Discount rate   7.7%   7.7%   6.7%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels   8.0%   8.0%   7.0%
Rate of return on plan assets   7.4%   7.4%   7.5%

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations.

Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024
Discount rate   7.5%   7.7%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels   8.0%   8.0%

Plan assets

The Group determines
its assumptions for the expected rate of return on plan assets based on the expected average long-term rate of return over the next 7
to 8 years.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s asset allocation for gratuity by asset category based on fair values.

Rupees in million
At March
31,
2025   2024
Assets category
Investment in schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
Group balance fund 1   22,938.4   20,186.5
Group growth fund 2   2.0   2.0
Group debt fund 3   265.4   235.4
Group equity fund 4   40.2   -
Group short-term debt fund 5   0.6   32.6
Total investment in schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   23,246.6   20,456.5
Investment in scheme of Life Insurance Corporation of India   432.9   393.4
Total assets managed by external entities   23,679.5   20,849.9
Special deposit with central government   290.0   290.0
Government debt securities   ..   ..
Balance with banks and others   4.9   6.1
Total   23,974.4   21,146.0

1.   Objective of the scheme is to provide a balance between
long-term capital appreciation and current income through investment in equity as well as fixed income instruments in appropriate proportions.
At March 31, 2025, investment in government securities, corporate bonds, fixed deposits and equity were 39.94%, 37.84%, 5.56% and 16.66%
respectively.

2.   Objective of the scheme is to primarily generate long-term
capital appreciation through investment in equity and equity related securities and complement it with current income through investment
in fixed income instruments in appropriate proportions depending on market conditions prevalent from time to time. At March 31, 2025,
investment in government securities, corporate bonds, fixed deposits and equity were 22.77%, 16.57%, 6.66% and 54.00% respectively, the rest
is in current assets.

3.   Objective of the scheme is to provide accumulation
of income through investment in various fixed income securities. The Fund seeks to provide capital appreciation while maintaining suitable
balance between return, safety and liquidity. At March 31, 2025, investment in government securities, corporate bonds, and fixed deposits
were 45.10%, 44.08% and 10.81% respectively, the rest is in current assets.

F-
180

4.   Objective of the scheme is to provide long-term capital
appreciation through investments primarily in equity and equity-related instruments. At March 31, 2025, investment in equity was 100%.

5.   Objective of the scheme is to provide suitable returns
through low risk investments in debt and money market instruments while attempting to protect the capital deployed in the fund. At March
31, 2025, investment in government securities, corporate bonds and fixed deposits were 15.46%, 71.01% and 13.53% respectively, the rest
is in money market instruments.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s target asset allocation for gratuity by asset category.

Description   Target
asset allocation at March 31, 2026   Target
asset allocation at March 31, 2025
Funds managed by external entities 1   98.9%   98.7%
Special deposit with central government   1.1%   1.3%
Debt securities   0%   0%
Total   100%   100%

1.   Targeted investment during fiscal 2026 of about 45% in Central Government securities,
about 33% to 35% in corporate debt securities, about 4% in money market investment and about 16% to 18% in equity investment.

The plan assets primarily
consist of investments made in funds managed by external entities, which are primarily in equity, money market instruments and debt instruments
in different proportions depending on the objective of schemes. The value of the plan assets in funds managed by ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited has been arrived at based on the net asset value per unit of individual schemes. The value of plan assets in
the form of investments in scheme of LIC and special deposit with the Central Government are recorded at carrying value.

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited administers the plan fund and it independently determines the target allocation by asset category. The
investment strategy is to invest in a prudent manner for providing benefits to the participants of the scheme. The strategies are targeted
to produce a return that, when combined with the Group’s contribution to the funds will maintain the fund’s ability to meet
all required benefit obligations. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited functions within the regulated investment norms.

LIC administers the
plan fund and it independently determines the target allocation by asset category. The selection of investments and the asset category
is determined by LIC. The investment strategy is to invest in a prudent manner to produce a return that will enable the fund to meet the
required benefit obligations. LIC, which is owned by Government of India, functions within regulated investment norms.

The plan assets are
mainly invested in various gratuity schemes of the insurance companies to limit the impact of individual investment. The Group’s
entire investment of plan assets is in India and 95.1% of investment is in various gratuity schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited. Insurers managing the plan assets of the Group consider operational risk, performance risk, credit risk and equity risk
in their investment policy as part of their risk management practices.

The following table
sets forth, the benefit expected to be paid in each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter.

Rupees in million
Amount
Expected Group contributions to the fund during the year ending March 31, 2026   1,889.9
Expected benefit payments from the fund during year ending March 31,
2026   3,288.1
2027   3,218.1
2028   3,510.8
2029   3,617.0
2030   3,663.3
Thereafter upto 10 years   20,010.0

The expected benefits
are based on the same assumptions as used to measure the Group’s benefit obligation at March 31, 2025.

Pension

The Group provides
for pension, a deferred retirement plan covering certain employees. The plan provides for a pension payment on a monthly basis to these
employees on their retirement based on the respective employee’s salary and years of employment with the Group. Employees covered
by the pension plan are not eligible for benefits under the provident fund plan. The pension plan pertained to the employees of erstwhile
Bank of Madura, erstwhile Sangli Bank and erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan which were acquired with effect from March 2001, April 2007 and
August 2010 respectively. The Group makes contribution to a trust which administers the funds on its own account or through insurance
companies.

F-
181

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the funded status of the plan and the amounts recognized in the financial statements.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024
Change in benefit obligations
Projected benefit obligations at beginning of the year   16,992.0   17,376.0
Service cost   77.4   108.2
Interest cost   1,276.0   1,321.4
Liability extinguished on settlement   (1,225.9)   (2,137.9)
Benefits paid   (48.9)   (95.5)
Plan Amendments   -   306.9
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligations   471.2   112.9
Projected benefit obligations at the end of the year   17,541.8   16,992.0
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of the year   17,921.4   18,190.1
Actual return on plan assets   1,603.5   1,800.5
Assets distributed on settlement   (1,442.2)   (2,375.4)
Employer contributions   395.9   401.7
Benefits paid   (48.9)   (95.5)
Plan assets at the end of the year   18,429.7   17,921.4
Funded status   887.9   929.4
Net amount recognized 887.9 929.4 Accumulated benefit obligation at year end 16,540.4 16,499.4   Net amount recognized 887.9 929.4 Accumulated benefit obligation at year end 16,540.4 16,499.4   Net amount recognized   887.9   929.4   Accumulated benefit obligation at year end   16,540.4   16,499.4
Net amount recognized   887.9   929.4
Accumulated benefit obligation at year end   16,540.4   16,499.4

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the net pension cost.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Service cost   77.4   108.2   150.8
Interest cost   1,276.0   1,321.4   1,152.3
Amortisation of prior service (credit)/cost   61.4   -   -
Expected return on assets   (1,329.9)   (1,361.0)   (1,522.1)
Curtailment and settlement (gain)/loss   216.3   237.5   243.6
Actuarial (gain)/loss   760.9   1,174.8   1,402.5
Net pension cost   1,062.2   1,480.9   1,427.1

F-
182

The discount rate
for the corresponding tenure of obligations for pension is selected by reference to government security yield with a premium added to
reflect the additional risk corresponding to AAA rated corporate bonds.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost.

Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Discount rate   7.7%   7.8%   6.4%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels
On basic pay   1.5%   1.5%   1.5%
On dearness relief   8.0%   8.0%   7.0%
Rate of return on plan assets   7.5%   7.5%   7.5%
Pension increases (applicable on basic pension)   8.0%   8.0%   7.0%

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations.

Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024
Discount rate   7.5%   7.7%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels
On basic pay   1.5%   1.5%
On dearness relief   8.0%   8.0%
Pension increases (applicable on basic pension)   8.0%   8.0%

The compensation
escalation rate eligible for pension was determined at the time of acquisition and the same escalation rate is consistently considered
for computation of benefit obligations and periodic cost.

Plan Assets

The Group determines
its assumptions for the expected rate of return on plan assets based on the expected average long-term rate of return over the next 7
to 8 years.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s asset allocation and target asset allocation for pension by asset category based
on fair values.

F-
183

Rupees in million
Asset category   Fair value at March 31, 2025   Fair value at March 31, 2024   Target
asset allocation at March 31, 2026   Target
asset allocation at March 31, 2025
Government debt securities   8,146.6   7,431.0   44.3%   42%
Corporate debt securities   7,759.7   8,349.5   42.2%   46%
Equity securities   1,851.4   1,675.6   9.8%   9%
Balance with banks and others   671.9   465.2   3.7%   3%
Total   18,429.6   17,921.3   100%   100%

The valuation of
the government and corporate securities is derived using Level 2 inputs.

The Group’s
entire investment of plan assets are in India and invested in government securities, corporate bonds, equity securities and equity traded
funds. Trustees manage the plan assets of the Group by investing in above securities as per the investment pattern and guidelines prescribed
under the Indian income tax law. Securities are purchased after considering credit rating, comparative yields and tenure of investment.

The following table
sets forth, the benefit expected to be paid in each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter.

Rupees in million
Amount
Expected Group contributions to the fund during the year ending March 31, 2026   400.0
Expected benefit payments from the fund during the year ending March 31,
2026   898.9
2027   858.7
2028   873.0
2029   1,040.1
2030   1,194.3
Thereafter upto 10 years   7,746.6

The expected benefits
are based on the same assumption as used to measure the Group’s benefit obligation at March 31, 2025.

k)   Lease

The Group as lessee

The Group has entered
into lease arrangements primarily for the real estate office premises and for certain equipment used for the business purposes. For these
lease arrangements, the Group is required to make fixed lease payments adjusted for escalation clauses for certain lease arrangements,
except for certain assets where the variable lease payments are being made by the Group. The variable lease payments are determined primarily
based on the usage of the asset by the Group. None of these lease arrangements impose any restriction on the Group in relation to dividend
payments or incurring any additional financial obligations. The Group has elected not to separate the lease and non-lease components of
these arrangements.

Operating lease

F-
184

Operating lease liabilities
and right of use assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments
over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that represents the  incremental borrowing rate for
financing instruments of a similar term and are included in accounts payable and other liabilities. The operating lease right of use asset,
included in premises and equipment, also includes any lease prepayments made, plus initial direct costs incurred, less any lease incentives
received. Rental expense associated with operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is included
in the consolidated statements of income. The following table sets forth, the information related to the Group’s operating leases.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31, 2025   Year
ended March 31, 2024
Right-of-use assets at year end   66,866.2   61,977.9
Lease liability at year end   73,472.7   67,493.5
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities
– operating
cashflows from operating lease   14,512.3   12,662.1
Non-cash investing and financing activities – additions to right-of-use asset obtained from new operating lease liabilities   18,238.7   21,456.4
Weighted average remaining lease term (in years)   8.2 years   8.1 years
Weighted average discounting rate (in %)   6.8%   6.6%

The following table
sets forth, the future payments under operating leases as of March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Year ended March
31, 2025
Fiscal 2026   14,182.0
Fiscal 2027   13,456.3
Fiscal 2028   12,842.1
Fiscal 2029   11,095.6
Fiscal 2030   9,833.1
After Fiscal 2030   36,881.7
Total Lease payments   98,290.8
Less: Imputed interest   24,818.1
Lease liabilities at March 31, 2025   73,472.7

The Group does not
have any other significant future commitments at the end of fiscal 2025.

Finance lease

Finance lease liabilities
and right of use assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments
over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that represents the implicit rate in the lease. Rental expense
associated with finance leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is included in the consolidated statements
of income. The following tables provide information related to the Bank’s finance leases:

F-
185

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31, 2025   Year
ended March 31, 2024
Right-of-use assets at year end   1,268.3   589.0
Lease liability at year end   1,252.8   684.7
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities a.	finance cashflows from
finance lease b.	operating cashflows from
finance lease   352.7 105.8   255.8 69.9
Non-cash investing and financing activities – additions to right-of-use asset obtained from new finance lease liabilities   1,220.3   0.5
Weighted average remaining lease term (in years)   6.9 years   4.0 years
Weighted average discounting rate (in %)   7.6%   9.6%

The following table sets forth,
the future payments under finance leases as of March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Year ended March
31, 2025
Fiscal 2026   381.7
Fiscal 2027   348.6
Fiscal 2028   234.5
Fiscal 2029   183.7
Fiscal 2030   169.0
After Fiscal 2030   354.3
Total Lease payments   1,671.9
Less: Imputed interest   310.9
Lease liabilities at March 31, 2025   1,361.0

Lease cost

The Group’s lease cost
recognized in profit and loss account during the fiscal year is as below.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31, 2025   Year
ended March 31, 2024
Finance lease cost
Amortisation of right-to-use assets   346.9   242.5
Interest on lease liabilities   113.7   80.5
Operating lease cost   15,275.3   13,348.6
Short-term lease cost   ..   ..
Variable lease cost   188.8   4,550.7
Less: Sublease income   ..   (0.3)
Total lease cost   15,924.7   18,222.0

F-
186

I)   Income taxes

Components of deferred tax
balances

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, components of the deferred tax balances.

Rupees in million
At March 31,
2025   2024
Deferred tax assets
Allowance for credit losses   102,116.1   99,075.6
Debt and equity securities   ..   29.4
Business and capital loss carry forwards   8,716.2   8,733.8
Investments in affiliates   26,911.6   23,144.1
Lease liability   18,510.2   17,026.0
Other liabilities and provisions   8,088.7   8,489.3
Others   1,198.5   2,395.3
Total deferred tax assets   165,541.3   158,893.5
Valuation allowance   (1,058.9   )   (2,171.8   )
Total deferred tax assets (net of valuation allowance)   164,482.4   156,721.7
Deferred tax liabilities
Debt and equity securities   (24,026.3   )   (11,040.8   )
Property, plant and equipment   (6,936.5   )   (5,706.8   )
Investments in branches, subsidiaries and affiliates   (6,813.3   )   (6,629.2   )
Amortization of fees and costs   (15,170.1   )   (11,052.5   )
Intangible assets   (24,239.2   )   (26,017.3   )
Non-banking assets   (8,015.4   )   (7,980.0   )
Right to use assets   (16,839.4   )   (15,637.6   )
Reserve for unexpired risk   (945.4   )   (1,512.8   )
Investments in trading securities   ..   ..
Others   (6,173.7   )   (4,254.9   )
Total deferred tax liabilities   (109,159.3   )   (89,831.9   )
Net deferred tax assets   55,323.1   66,889.8

In assessing the
realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable
income during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible. Management considers carryback availability, the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on
the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are
deductible, management believes that it is more likely than not that the Group will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets, net
of the existing valuation allowances, at March 31, 2025 and 2024. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however could
be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income are reduced.

The Indian statutory
income tax rate, including surcharge and cess was 25.17% for the year ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.

F-
187

Reconciliation of income tax expense

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of expected income tax expense at the Indian statutory income tax rate, the income
tax rate in our country of domicile, to reported income tax expense/(benefit).

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Income/(loss) before income tax expense from continuing operations
In India   675,681.7   734,600.7   359,939.4
Outside India   33,200.6   29,779.1   6,381.2
Total   708,882.3   764,379.8   366,320.6
Statutory tax rate   25.17%   25.17%   25.17%
Effective tax rate…………………………………………….   23.23%   17.75%   28.96%
Income tax expense/(benefit) at the statutory tax rate   178,411.5   192,379.1   92,195.6
Increases/(reductions) in taxes on account of:
Special tax deductions available to financial institutions/insurance companies through appropriation of profits to a Special Reserve   (7,968.1)   (7,793.9)   (6,580.8)
Exempt interest and dividend income   (203.1)   (794.0)   (832.9)
Income charged at rates other than statutory tax rate   (14.2)   (2,781.2)   15,997.8
Expenses disallowed for income tax purposes   4,094.8   3,455.6   2,861.6
Tax on investment and undistributed earnings  in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates   (3,657.6)   10,739.1   2,139.4
Changes in statutory tax rate   (138.8)   ..   ..
Change in valuation allowance   (1,112.9)   (1,381.5)   2,675.1
Tax adjustments in respect of prior year tax assessments   (231.3)   (61.2)   276.2
Others 1   (4,474.7)   (58,260.3)   (2,629.4)
Income tax expense/(benefit) reported   164,705.5   135,501.7   106,102.6
Current tax expense
In India   170,055.6   132,989.2   111,869.8
Outside India   3,401.4   3,246.0   1,694.8
Total   173,457.0   136,235.2   113,564.6
Deferred tax (benefit)/expense
In India 2   (9,033.0)   (818.8)   (7,517.5)
Outside India   281.5   85.3   55.5
Total   (8,751.5)   (733.5)   (7,462.0)

1.   During fiscal 2024, includes tax effect of Rs. (35,278.9)
million and Rs. (15,213.6) million on gains due to acquisition of control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and reversal
of deferred tax liability created on deconsolidation of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in fiscal 2022, respectively.

2.   During fiscal 2023, includes income tax expense of
Rs 2,683.1 million for an increase of a valuation allowance because of a change in judgment about the realizability of a beginning-of-the-year
deferred tax assets for capital loss carryforwards of the Bank in future years.

The following table
sets forth the details of the amount and expiration dates of operating loss carry forwards at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Expiry period   Bank   Subsidiaries   Overseas branches
Capital loss carry forwards
April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2030   27,240.0   1,172.3   ..
April 1, 2030 to March 31, 2035   356.3   105.2   ..
Total capital loss carry forwards   27,596.3   1,277.5   ..
Business loss carry forwards   ..   ..   ..
April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2030   ..   952.7
April 1, 2030 to March 31, 2035   ..   356.4   1,120.4
April 1, 2035 to March 31, 2040   ..   28.2   4,220.2
Indefinite period   ..   580.1   7,647.7
Total business loss carry forwards   ..   1,917.4   12,988.3

F-
188

Accounting for uncertainty in income taxes

The Group has a policy
to include interest and penalties on income taxes, if any, within interest expense or income and income tax expense respectively. However,
no interest expense has been recognized in view of the adequate income taxes paid by the Group. No penalties have been accrued as of March
31, 2025 and 2024 as the Group believes that the tax positions taken have met the minimum statutory requirements to avoid payment of penalties.

The Group has recognized
income with respect to interest accrued or received on tax refunds due to the Group against favourable orders received from tax authorities
amounting to Rs. 2,034.1 million, Rs. 2,697.4 million and Rs. 1,149.5 million during the year ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 respectively.
Further, the Group does not recognize the interest income accrued on advance income taxes paid against various income tax matters until
the related matter is resolved with the taxing authority. Unrecognized interest on such advance income taxes paid is Rs. 13,219.7 million,
Rs. 12,244.6 million and Rs. 13,866.7 million at March 31, 2025,  2024 and 2023 respectively.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Beginning balance   47,451.0   40,142.8   36,271.5
Increases related to prior year tax positions.   ..   ..   41.8
Increases related to current year tax positions   10,343.5   7,314.9   5,462.6
Decreases related to prior year tax positions   (1,602.4)   (6.7)   (1,633.1)
Ending balance   56,192.1   47,451.0   40,142.8

The Group’s
total unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce income tax expense, as applicable, and thereby would affect the Group’s
effective tax rate.

The Group’s
major tax jurisdiction is India and the assessments are not yet completed from fiscal 2023. However, appeals filed by the Group are pending
with various local tax authorities in India from fiscal 1990 onwards.

Significant changes
in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated as the changes would depend upon the
progress of tax examinations with various tax authorities.

F-
189

m)   Earnings per share

Basic earnings per
share is net income per weighted average equity shares. Diluted earnings per share reflects the effect that existing options would have
on the basic earnings per share if they were to be exercised, by increasing the number of equity shares.

The basic and diluted
earnings per share under U.S. GAAP differs to the extent that income under U.S. GAAP differs.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the computation of earnings per share as per U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million, except per share data
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Basic   Diluted   Basic   Diluted   Basic   Diluted
Earnings
Net income attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders (before dilutive impact)   513,543.0   513,543.0   613,763.5   613,763.5   249,993.7   249,993.7
Contingent issuances of subsidiaries/equity affiliates   ..   (548.4)   ..   (1,170.5)   ..   (441.8)
513,543.0   512,994.6   613,763.5   612,593.0   249,993.7   249,551.9
Common stock
Weighted-average common stock outstanding   7,047.5   7,047.5   7,003.9   7,003.9   6,966.3   6,966.3
Dilutive effect of employee stock options   ..   119.7   ..   128.2   ..   130.0
Total   7,047.5   7,167.3   7,003.9   7,132.2   6,966.3   7,096.3
Earnings per share (Rs.)   72.87   71.57   87.63   85.89   35.89   35.17

n)   Comprehensive income

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, details of comprehensive income.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2025   2024   2023
Net income/(loss) (net of tax) excluding non-controlling interest   513,543.0   613,763.5   249,993.7
Other Comprehensive Incom e:
Net unrealized gain/(loss) on securities, net of realization & others (net of tax) 1   61,357.5   29,597.6   (34,719.5)
Translation adjustments (net of tax) 2   1,097.6   3,198.1   2,476.1
Employee accounting for deferred benefit pensions and other post retirement benefits (net of tax) 3   61.1   819.3   (61.3)
Comprehensive income attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   576,059.2   647,378.5   217,689.0
Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests   34,264.0   15,382.1   10,301.6
Total comprehensive income   610,323.2   662,760.6   227,990.6

1.   Net of tax effect of Rs. 22,540.3 million, Rs. 9,914.7
million and Rs. (10,211.3) million for the year ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 respectively.

2.   Net of tax effect of Rs. 394.8 million, Rs. 1,016.9
million and Rs. 630.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 respectively.

3.   Net of tax effect of Rs. 1.3 million, Rs. 274.9 million and Rs. (14.4) million for
the year ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 respectively.

F-
190

o)   Guarantees

As a part of its
project financing and commercial banking activities, the Group has issued guarantees to enhance the credit standing of its customers.
These generally represent irrevocable assurances that the Group will make payments in the event that the customer fails to fulfill its
financial or performance obligations. Financial guarantees are obligations to pay a third party beneficiary where a customer fails to
make payment towards a specified financial obligation. Performance guarantees are obligations to pay a third party beneficiary where a
customer fails to perform a non-financial contractual obligation. The guarantees are generally for a period not exceeding 10 years.

The credit risks
associated with these products, as well as the operating risks, are similar to those relating to other types of financial instruments.
The current carrying amount of the liability for the Group’s obligations under the guarantees at March 31, 2025 amounted to Rs.
10,732.1 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 8,613.4 million).

The following table
sets forth, the details of guarantees outstanding at March 31, 2025.

Rupees in million
Nature of guarantee   Maximum
potential amount of future payments under guarantee
Less than 1 year   1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Financial guarantees   795,795.4   252,593.2   50,118.4   20,405.4   1,118,912.4
Performance guarantees   464,854.4   494,490.3   99,330.0   28,979.7   1,087,654.4
Total guarantees   1,260,649.8   747,083.5   149,448.4   49,385.1   2,206,566.8

The following table sets forth, the details of guarantees
outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Nature of guarantee   Maximum
potential amount of future payments under guarantee
Less than 1 year   1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Financial guarantees   669,399.0   165,746.7   47,963.1   8,186.6   891,295.4
Performance guarantees   369,581.3   432,768.7   83,480.7   20,302.6   906,133.3
Total guarantees   1,038,980.3   598,515.4   131,443.8   28,489.2   1,797,428.7

The Group has collateral
available to reimburse potential losses on its guarantees. At March 31, 2025, margins in the form of cash and fixed deposit available
to the Group to reimburse losses realized under guarantees amounted to Rs. 424,867.0 million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 310,416.2 million).
Other property or security may also be available to the Group to cover losses under these guarantees.

Performance risk

For each corporate
borrower, a credit rating is assigned at the time the exposure is being evaluated for approval and the rating is reviewed periodically
thereafter. At the time of assigning a credit rating, the possibility of non-performance or non-payment is evaluated. Additionally, an
assessment of the borrower's capacity to repay obligations in the event of invocation is also evaluated. Thus, a comprehensive risk assessment
is undertaken at the time of sanctioning such exposures and reviewed periodically thereafter.

F-
191

23.   Regulatory matters

Statutory liquidity requirement

In accordance with the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949, the Bank is required to maintain a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities by way of liquid
unencumbered assets like cash, gold and approved securities. The amount of statutory liquidity requirement at March 31, 2025 was Rs. 2,733,361.3
million (March 31, 2024: Rs. 2,471,830.1 million), and the Bank complied with the requirement throughout the year.

Capital Adequacy

The Bank is subject to Basel
III capital adequacy guidelines stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India with effect from April 1, 2013. As per the guidelines, the Tier-1
capital is made up of Common Equity Tier-1 and additional Tier-1.

At March 31, 2025, the Bank
was required to maintain minimum Common Equity Tier-1 capital ratio of 8.20%, minimum Tier-1 capital ratio of 9.70% and minimum total
capital ratio of 11.70%. The minimum total capital requirement includes capital conservation buffer of 2.50% and additional Common Equity
Tier-1 capital surcharge of 0.20% on account of the Bank being designated as a Domestic Systemically Important Bank. Under Pillar 1 of
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on Basel III, the Bank follows the standardized approach for measurement of credit risk, standardized
duration method for measurement of market risk and basic indicator approach for measurement of operational risk.

Unconsolidated capital
adequacy position

The following table sets forth,
at the dates indicated, regulatory capital, risk-weighted assets and risk-based capital ratios computed in accordance with the Reserve
Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines and based on the Bank’s unconsolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with
Indian GAAP.

Rupees in million,
except percentages

At March
31, 2025 (1)   At March
31, 2024 (1)
Tier 1 capital   2,567,375.0   2,142,170.4
Of which: Common equity Tier 1 capital   2,567,375.0   2,142,170.4
Tier 2 capital   99,245.9   100,104.3
Total capital   2,666,620.9   2,242,274.7
Credit risk: risk-weighted assets   13,986,922.8   11,605,271.8
Market risk: risk-weighted assets   592,583.8   836,496.9
Operational risk: risk-weighted assets   1,531,537.3   1,285,848.0
Total risk-weighted assets   16,111,043.9   13,727,616.7
Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   16.0%   15.6%
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   16.0%   15.6%
Tier 2 risk-based capital ratio   0.6%   0.7%
Total risk-based capital ratio   16.6%   16.3%

(1)   Post
appropriation of proposed dividend

F-
192

Impact of acquisition of ICICI General on previous period numbers

From February 29,
2024, ICICI General was classified as a subsidiary and has been consolidated on a line-by-line basis in Consolidated Financial Statements
under U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the numbers for previous periods may not be comparable.

For and on behalf of Board
of Directors

/s/ Sandeep Bakhshi Managing Director & CEO   /s/ Sandeep Batra Executive Director
/s/ Anindya Banerjee Group Chief Financial Officer   /s/ Prachiti Lalingkar Company Secretary
/s/ Laxminarayan Achar Chief Accountant

 Mumbai

July 25, 2025

F-
193
