
20-F

1

dp197062_20f.htm

FORM 20-F

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 28, 2023

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 20-F

(Mark One)

☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended March 31,
2023.

OR

☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from

to

.

OR

☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of event requiring this shell
company report

For the transition period from ___________________________
to ___________________________

Commission file number: 001-15002

ICICI BANK LIMITED

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

India

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

ICICI Bank Towers

Bandra-Kurla Complex

Mumbai 400051, India

(Address of principal executive offices)

Name: Anindya Banerjee / Abhinek Bhargava

Telephone: +91 22 2653 6173

Email: anindya.banerjee@icicibank.com / abhinek.bhargava@icicibank.com

Office address: ICICI Bank Towers, Bandra-Kurla
Complex, Mumbai – 400051, India

(Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number
and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class   Trading Symbol(s)   Name of each exchange on which registered
Equity Shares of ICICI Bank Limited( 1 )   IBN   The New York Stock Exchange
American Depositary Shares, each representing two Equity Shares of
ICICI Bank Limited, par value
Rs. 2 per share

1

Not for trading, but only in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares representing
such Equity Shares pursuant to the
 requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None.

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section
15(d) of the Act: None.

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s
classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report : the number of outstanding Equity Shares of ICICI Bank Limited as of March 31, 2023 was 6,982,815,731.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
☒
	No

☐

If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by
check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Yes
☐
	No

☒

Note
– Checking the box above will not relieve
any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations
under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days.

Yes
☒
	No

☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Yes
☐

No
☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company See definition of “large accelerated
filer”, “accelerated filer” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large Accelerated Filer
☒

Accelerated Filer
☐
 Non-accelerated Filer
☐

Emerging Growth Company
☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements
in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
☐

†The term “new or revised financial accounting standard”
refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
the attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements.
☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections
are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive
officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b).
☐

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the
registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

☐   U.S. GAAP

☐   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board

☒   Other

If “Other” has been checked in response to the
previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.

☐ Item 17
☒

Item 18

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes
☐

No
☒

(APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent
to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.

Yes
☐

No
☐

table
of contents

Page

Cross Reference Sheet   2
Certain Definitions   3
Forward-Looking Statements   4
Market Price Information   5
Risk Factors   6
Major Shareholders   58
Related Party Transactions   60
Business   65
Overview   65
History   66
Strategy   66
Overview of Our Products and Services   68
Commercial Banking for Retail Customers   68
Retail Lending for Rural Customers   71
Commercial Banking for Small and Medium Enterprises and Business Banking   73
Commercial Banking for Corporate Customers   73
Commercial Banking for Government and Institutions   75
Commercial Banking for International Customers   75
Branch and ATM Netword and Call Centers   76
Investment Banking   77
Private Equity   79
Asset Management   79
Insurance   80
Risk Management   81
Market Risk   88
Audit   97
Loan Portfolio   103
Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures   105
Technology   108
Competition   113
Employees   114
Properties   115
Legal and Regulatory Proceedings   116
American Depository Receipt Fees and Payments   120
Selected Statiscal Information   122
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   146
Management   209
Supervision and Regulation   231
Exchange Controls   273
Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities   275
Dividends   280
Taxation   281
Presentation of Financial Information   289
Additional Information   291
Exhibit Index   294

Table of Contents

Cross Reference
Sheet

Form 20-F   Item Caption   Location   Page No.
Part – I
Item 1   Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers   Not Applicable
Item 2   Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable   Not Applicable
Item 3   Key Information   Risk Factors   6
Item 4   Information on the Company   Business   65
Selected Statistical Information   122
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   146
Supervision and Regulation   231
Additional Information—Documents on Display   293
Item 4A   Unresolved Staff Comments   Not Applicable
Item 5   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   146
Business—Risk Management   81
Selected Statistical Information—Funding   132
Item 6   Directors, Senior Management and Employees   Management   209
Business—Employees   115
Item 7   Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions   Major Shareholders   58
Related Party Transactions   60
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Loans   229
Schedule 18 Note 2 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   F-44
Item 8   Financial Information   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto   F-10
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   146
Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings   116
Dividends   280
Item 9   The Offer and Listing   Market Price Information   5
Item 10   Additional Information   Additional Information   291
Exchange Controls   273
Taxation   281
Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities   275
Dividends   280
Business—Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures   105
Item 11   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   Business—Risk Management—Market Risk   88
Selected Statistical Information–Risk Management   134
Item 12   Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities   Business—American Depository Receipt Fees and Payments   120
Part – II
Item 13   Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies   Not Applicable
Item 14   Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds   Not Applicable
Item 15   Controls and Procedures   Management—Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices—Controls and Procedures   223
Item 16A   Audit Committee Financial Expert   Management—Corporate Governance—Audit Committee   218
Item 16B   Code of Ethics   Management—Corporate Governance—Code of Ethics   222
Item 16C   Principal Accountant Fees and Services   Management—Corporate Governance—Principal Accountant Fees and Services   222
Item 16D   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   Not Applicable
Item 16E   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   Not Applicable
Item 16F   Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant   Not Applicable
Item 16G   Corporate Governance   Management—Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices   222
Item 16H   Mine Safety Disclosure   Not Applicable
Item 16I   Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections   Not Applicable
Item 16J   Insider Trading Policies   Not Applicable
Part – III
Item 17   Financial Statements   See Item 18
Item 18   Financial Statements   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto   F-10
Item 19   Exhibits   Exhibit Index and Attached Exhibits   294

2

Table of Contents

Certain Definitions

In this annual report, all references to “we”,
“our”, and “us” are to ICICI Bank Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries and other consolidated entities under
generally accepted accounting principles in India (“Indian GAAP”). In the financial statements contained in this annual report
and the notes thereto, all references to “the Company” are to ICICI Bank Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries and other
consolidated entities under Indian GAAP.

References to specific data applicable to particular
subsidiaries or other consolidated entities are made by reference to the name of that particular entity. References to the “amalgamation”
are to the amalgamation of ICICI, ICICI Personal Financial Services and ICICI Capital Services with ICICI Bank. References to “Sangli
Bank” are to The Sangli Bank Limited prior to its amalgamation with ICICI Bank, effective April 19, 2007. References to “Bank
of Rajasthan” are to the Bank of Rajasthan Limited prior to its amalgamation with ICICI Bank, effective from the close of business
at August 12, 2010.

References to “ICICI Bank” and “the
Bank” are to ICICI Bank Limited on an unconsolidated basis. References to a particular “fiscal” year are to the year
ended on March 31 of such a year. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to the “Board of Directors” and the “Board”
are to the board of directors of ICICI Bank.

All references to the “Companies Act”,
the “Banking Regulation Act” and the “Reserve Bank of India Act” are to the Companies Act, 2013, the Banking Regulation
Act, 1949 and the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 as passed by the Indian Parliament and as amended from time to time. All references
to “RBI” and the “Reserve Bank of India” are to the central banking and monetary authority of India.

Pursuant to the issuance and listing of our securities
in the United States under registration statements filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, we file annual reports
on Form 20-F which must include financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S.
GAAP), or financial statements prepared according to a comprehensive body of accounting principles with a reconciliation of net income
and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP. When we first listed our securities in the United States, Indian GAAP was not considered
a comprehensive body of accounting principles under the United States securities laws and regulations. Accordingly, our annual reports
on Form 20-F for fiscal years 2000 through 2005 included U.S. GAAP financial statements. However, pursuant to a significant expansion
of Indian accounting standards, Indian GAAP constitutes a comprehensive body of accounting principles. Accordingly, we have included in
this annual report, as in the annual reports for fiscal years 2021 through 2023, consolidated financial statements prepared according
to Indian GAAP, with a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP and a description of significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Our annual report prepared and distributed to our
shareholders under Indian law and regulations include unconsolidated Indian GAAP financial statements, management’s discussion and
analysis of the Bank’s results of operations and financial condition based on the Bank’s unconsolidated Indian GAAP financial
statements and our consolidated Indian GAAP financial statements.

The economic and industry data and information
presented in this document are sourced from government statistical releases, press releases and notifications by the Government of India,
the Reserve Bank of India and other regulators, data available on the websites of the Government of India, Reserve Bank of India, other
regulators and industry bodies.

3

Table of Contents

Forward-Looking
Statements

We have included statements in this annual report
which contain words or phrases such as “will”, “would”, “aim”, “aimed”, “will likely
result”, “is likely”, “are likely”, “believe”, “expect”, “expected to”,
“will continue”, “will achieve”, “anticipate”, “estimate”, “estimating”, “intend”,
“plan”, “contemplate”, “seek to”, “seeking to”, “trying to”, “target”,
“propose to”, “future”, “objective”, “goal”, “project”, “should”,
“can”, “could”, “may”, “will pursue” and similar expressions or variations of such expressions
that may constitute “forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could cause actual results, opportunities and growth potential to differ materially from those suggested by the
forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the actual growth in demand for banking and
other financial products and services in the countries in which we operate or where a material number of our customers reside; the level
and direction of interest rates, the yield on our loans and investments and the cost of our funding; future levels of non-performing and
restructured loans and any increased provisions and regulatory and legal changes relating to those loans; our ability to successfully
implement our strategies, including our growth strategy, our strategic use of technology and the internet and our strategy for resolution
of non-performing assets; the continued service of our senior management; the outcome of any legal, tax or regulatory proceedings in India
and in other jurisdictions in which we are or become a party to; the outcome of any internal or independent enquiries or regulatory or
governmental investigations; our expansion or increased presence in areas such as small business and unsecured retail lending; our exploration
of merger and acquisition opportunities; our ability to integrate recent or future mergers or acquisitions into our operations and manage
the risks associated with such acquisitions to achieve our strategic and financial objectives; our ability to manage the increased complexity
of the risks that we face in our international operations; our growth and expansion in domestic and overseas markets; our status as a
systemically important bank in India; our ability to maintain enhanced capital and liquidity requirements; the adequacy of our allowance
for credit and investment losses; our ability to market new products; investment income; cash flow projections; the impact of any changes
in India’s credit rating; the impact of any new accounting standards or new accounting framework; our ability to implement our dividend
payment practice; the impact of changes in banking and insurance regulations and other regulatory changes in India and other jurisdictions
on us, including changes in regulatory intensity, supervision and interpretations; the state of the global financial system and systemic
risks; the bond and loan market conditions and availability of liquidity amongst the investor community in these markets; the nature of
credit spreads and interest spreads from time to time, including the possibility of increasing credit spreads or interest rates; our ability
to roll over our short-term funding sources and our exposure to credit, market, liquidity and reputational risks. We undertake no obligation
to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof.

In addition, other factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those estimated by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report include, but are not
limited to, the monetary and interest rate policies of India and the other markets in which we operate, general economic and political
conditions in India, southeast Asia, and the other countries which have an impact on our business activities or investments, political
or financial instability in India or any other country caused by any factor including regional hostilities, terrorist attacks or social
unrest, man-made or natural disasters and catastrophes, climate change events, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence in interest
rates, changes or volatility in the value of the rupee, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the performance
of the financial markets in general, changes in domestic and foreign laws, regulations and taxes, changes in competition and the pricing
environment in India and regional or general changes in asset valuations. For a further discussion of the factors that could cause actual
results to differ, see the discussion under “Risk Factors” contained in this annual report.

4

Table of Contents

Market Price Information

Equity Shares

Our outstanding equity shares are currently listed
and traded on the BSE Limited, and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

At July 7, 2023, total 6,997,009,030 equity shares
were outstanding. The prices for equity shares as quoted in the official list of each of the Indian stock exchanges are in Indian rupees.

At July 7, 2023, there were 1,855,355 holders of
record of our equity shares, of which 1,952 had registered addresses in the United States and held an aggregate of 1,681,160 equity shares.

ADSs

Our ADSs, each representing two equity shares,
were originally issued in March 2000 in a public offering and are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol IBN.
The equity shares underlying the ADSs are listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

At July 7, 2023, we had 676 million ADSs, equivalent
to about 1,353 million equity shares, outstanding. At July 7, 2023, there were 166,469 record holders of our ADSs, out of which 80 have
registered addresses in the United States.

See also “Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to ADSs and Equity Shares—Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares
and ADSs
”.

5

Table of Contents

Risk
Factors

You should carefully consider the following
risk factors as well as other information contained in this annual report in evaluating us and our business.

Summary

Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties. These risks
include, but are not limited to, the following:

Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks

·   A prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer.

·   Financial instability in other countries, particularly countries where we have established operations,
could adversely affect our business.

·   Any downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt
by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Any adverse impact on India’s external position due to an increase in the price of crude oil or
the current account deficit or outflow of foreign capital or exchange rate volatility could adversely affect the Indian economy, which
could adversely affect our business.

·   The banking and financial markets in India are still evolving, and the Indian financial system could
experience difficulties which could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   A significant change in the Indian government’s policies, including economic policies, fiscal
policies and structural reforms, could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Natural calamities, climate change and health epidemics could adversely affect the Indian economy, or
the economy of other countries where we operate, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   If regional hostilities, terrorist attacks, or social unrest in India or elsewhere increase, our business
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated
sector

·   The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory
action against us, whether formal or informal.

·   We may be subject to fines, restrictions or other sanctions for regulatory compliance failures, which
may adversely affect our financial position or our ability to expand our activities.

6

Table of Contents

·   We are at risk of inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities, which may adversely
affect our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us to incur additional costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct
business.

·   We are subject to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, which may also involve
buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required to
be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability. We may also experience a higher
level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our
business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   We are subject to capital adequacy requirements stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel
III, as well as general market expectations regarding the level of capital adequacy large Indian private sector banks should maintain,
and any inability to maintain adequate capital due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact
our ability to grow and support our businesses.

·   We
                                            are subject to liquidity requirements of the Reserve Bank of India as well as those of banking
                                            regulators in our overseas locations, and any inability to maintain adequate liquidity due
                                            to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our
                                            ability to grow and support our businesses.

·   Changes in the regulation and structure of the financial markets in India may adversely impact our business.

·   The opportunities for growth in our international operations and our ability to repatriate capital from
these operations may be limited by the local regulatory environments.

·   The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, taken action against the
former Managing Director and CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory agencies
to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory sanctions that may materially and
adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.

·   Our asset management, private equity, insurance and securities broking subsidiaries and affiliates are
subject to extensive regulation and supervision which can lead to increased costs or additional restrictions on their activities that
could adversely impact the Bank.

·   Adoption of a different basis of accounting or new accounting standards may result in changes in our
reported financial position and results of operations for future and prior periods.

·   The transition from LIBOR to other alternative reference rates may adversely affect our income and also
bring about the vagaries that such alternative reference rates may have.

7

Table of Contents

Risks Relating to Our Business

·   If the level of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates,
our business will suffer.

·   We have a high concentration of loans to certain customers, borrower groups and sectors and if a substantial
portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares
and ADSs could be adversely affected.

·   The value of our collateral may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing our collateral when
borrowers default on their obligations to us which may result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing
us to a potential loss.

·   Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in
interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations,
the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance.

·   Our inability to effectively manage credit, market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation
models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds.

·   Our funding is primarily short-term and if depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity,
our business could be adversely affected.

·   Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   The exposures of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

·   Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks
that may adversely affect our business.

·   Commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit on foreign exchange transactions and other sources
of fee income are important elements of our profitability, and regulatory changes and market conditions could cause these income streams
to decline and adversely impact our financial performance.

·   Our industry is very competitive and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.

·   There is operational risk associated with the financial industry which, when realized, may have an adverse
impact on our business.

·   We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

8

Table of Contents

·   We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions, divest our existing businesses, or be required
to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and could face integration and other acquisitions risks.

·   We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties.

·   A determination against us in respect of disputed tax assessments may adversely impact our financial
performance.

·   We are involved in various litigations. Any final judgment awarding material damages against us could
have a material adverse impact on our future financial performance and our stockholders’ equity.

·   We continue to expand our branch network and any inability to use these branches productively may have
an adverse impact on our growth and profitability.

·   We depend on the knowledge and skills of our senior management. Any inability to attract and retain
them and other talented professionals or any loss of senior management or other talented professionals may adversely impact our business.

Risks relating to technology

·   The growing use of technology in banking and financial services creates additional risks of competition,
reliability and security.

·   We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting
our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of
confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.

·   System failures or system downtime could adversely impact our business.

·   Our business may be adversely affected by computer, internet and telecommunications fraud.

Risks relating to our insurance subsidiary and affiliate

·   Additional capital requirements of our insurance entities or our inability to monetize a part of our
shareholding or make additional investments in these entities as required may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs.

·   While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance of their
future rates of growth or levels of profitability.

·   Actuarial experience and other factors could differ from assumptions made in the calculation

9

Table of Contents

of life actuarial reserves and other actuarial information.

·   Loss reserves for our affiliate’s general insurance business are based on estimates as to future
claims liabilities and adverse developments relating to claims could lead to further reserve additions and materially adversely affect
the operation of our general insurance affiliate.

·   The financial results of our insurance companies could be materially adversely affected by the occurrence
of a catastrophe.

Risks Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares

·   You will not be able to vote your ADSs and your ability to withdraw equity shares from the depositary
facility is subject to delays and legal restrictions.

·   Your holdings may be diluted by additional issuances of equity and any dilution may adversely affect
the market prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   You may be unable to exercise pre-emptive rights available to other shareholders.

·   Your ability to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion
of rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency and the repatriation of such foreign currency may be subject to delays if specific
approval of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

·   Restrictions on reissuance and deposit of equity shares in the depositary facility could adversely affect
the price of our ADSs.

·   Certain shareholders own a large percentage of our equity shares and their actions could adversely affect
the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity
shares and ADSs.

·   Settlement of trades of equity shares on Indian stock exchanges may be subject to delays.

·   Because the equity shares underlying ADSs are quoted in rupees in India, you may be subject to potential
losses arising out of exchange rate risk on the Indian rupee.

·   You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains.

·   There may be less company information available in Indian securities markets than in securities markets
in the United States.

10

Table of Contents

Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks

A prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India could
cause our business to suffer.

We are heavily dependent upon the state of the
Indian economy, and a slowdown in growth in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business, our borrowers, our counterparties
and other constituents, especially if such a slowdown was to be prolonged. India’s gross domestic product declined by 6.6% in fiscal
2021 as the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and consequent lockdowns and other containment measures negatively impacted economic activity
during the year. India’s gross domestic product grew by 8.7% in fiscal 2022 and by 7.2% in fiscal 2023.

An economic slowdown and a general decline in business
activity in India could impose stress on our borrowers’ financial soundness and profitability and thus expose us to increased credit
risk.

Economic growth in India is also influenced by
inflation, interest rates, external trade and capital flows. The level of inflation or depreciation of the Indian rupee may limit monetary
easing or cause monetary policy tightening. Any increase in inflation, due to increases in domestic food prices or global prices of commodities,
including crude oil, the impact of currency depreciation on the prices of imported commodities and additional pass through of higher fuel
prices to consumers, or otherwise, may result in a tightening of monetary policy. Between May 2022 and February 2023, the Monetary Policy
Committee increased the repo rate by 250 basis points from 4.00% to 6.50% in response to the rise in inflation. In its meetings in April
and June 2023, the Monetary Policy Committee kept the repo rate unchanged and decided to remain focused on withdrawal of accommodation
to ensure that inflation progressively aligns within the target of 4%, while supporting growth.

Uncertainties remain in the global environment
due to geo-political tensions, uncertainties around global growth recovery, volatility in commodity prices and an increase in inflation.
Adverse changes to global liquidity conditions, comparative interest rates and risk appetite could lead to significant capital outflows
from India, which could adversely affect our business. For instance, the increased uncertainties and risk aversion caused by the COVID-19
pandemic led to significant net outflows of investments by foreign portfolio investors from Indian equity and debt markets in an aggregate
amount of approximately US$ 14.7 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2020. There was a net outflow of investments by foreign
portfolio investors of approximately US$ 16.0 billion in fiscal 2022 and approximately US$ 5.5 billion in fiscal 2023. A slowdown in global
growth may impact India’s exports. Sharp and sustained price reductions of globally traded commodities such as metals and minerals
in the event of a global slowdown may negatively impact our borrowers in these sectors. Global trade disputes and protectionist measures
and counter-measures could impact trade and capital flows and negatively affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business.
Developments in technology, such as artificial intelligence, may impact businesses, including ours and our customers’, and influence
global and Indian employment markets, with an impact on employment and incomes of our existing and potential customers.

11

Table of Contents

Adverse economic conditions in India due to movements
in global capital, commodity and other markets, changes in business due to technology or adverse impact of any natural disasters could
result in reduction of demand for credit and other financial products and services, increased competition, and higher defaults among corporate,
small business, retail and rural borrowers, which could adversely impact our business, our financial performance, our stockholders’
equity, our ability to implement our strategy and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Financial instability in other countries, particularly
countries where we have established operations, could adversely affect our business.

There is a history of financial crises and boom-bust
cycles in multiple markets in both the emerging and developed economies, which increase risks for all financial institutions, including
for our business and results of operations.

Global economic changes, such as developments in
the Eurozone, including the United Kingdom’s relationship with the European Union following the United Kingdom’s exit from
the European Union (“Brexit”); concerns related to the impact of tightening monetary policy including the failure of three
regional banks in the U.S. and a European bank in fiscal 2023; the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on
Russia; elevated core inflation levels; supply and demand imbalances; high global energy prices; potential trade wars between large economies;
the economic consequences of pandemics may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and foreign exchange
rate movements, which could impact global liquidity and adversely affect our business.

Uncertainty around these and related issues could
lead to adverse effects on the economy of the United Kingdom and the other economies in which we operate. Our subsidiary in the United
Kingdom has made changes to its operations in the European Union due to Brexit, which could adversely affect our business in the United
Kingdom and Europe if the changes do not operate effectively. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and the
border dispute between India and China could have an adverse impact on economic relations between the two countries. Further, India has
trade ties with both Russia and Ukraine. These factors may also result in a slowdown in India’s trade growth. The effect of any
legislative and regulatory efforts to address these risks is uncertain, and they may not have the intended positive effects. Such volatility
and negative economic developments could, in turn, materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial conditions or results
of operations.

A loss of investor confidence in the financial
systems of India or other markets and countries or any financial instability in India or any other market may cause increased volatility
in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector, our business and
our future financial performance. We remain subject to the risks posed by the indirect impact of adverse developments in the global economy
and the global banking environment, some of which cannot be anticipated and the vast majority of which are not under our control. We also
remain subject to counterparty risk to financial institutions that fail or are otherwise unable to meet their obligations to us.

12

Table of Contents

Any downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating
of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, liquidity and the
prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings
by international rating agencies may adversely impact our business and limit our access to capital markets and adversely impact our liquidity
position and market perception of the Bank.

We are rated by Moody’s and Standard
and Poor’s in international markets. In June 2020, Moody’s lowered the sovereign rating for India from Baa2 to Baa3,
with a negative outlook due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Government of India’s fiscal position and the stress
in the financial sector. In 2021, both the rating agencies revised the outlook on our ratings from negative to stable, while
maintaining the rating on our senior unsecured foreign currency debt at
BBB- by Standard and
Poor’s and Baa3 by Moody’s. The credit ratings have been maintained since 2021.

Rating agencies may also change their methodology
for rating banks or their assessment of specific parameters which may impact our ratings. In April 2020, Moody’s revised its assessment
of government support for Indian private sector banks in view of the mechanism of resolution for a stressed private sector bank. Such
revisions in assessment methodologies could adversely impact the rating of private sector banks compared to public sector banks.

The rating of our foreign branches is impacted
by the sovereign rating of the country in which the branch is located, particularly if the rating is below India’s rating. Any revision
to the sovereign rating of the countries in which we operate to below India’s rating could impact the rating of our foreign branch
in the jurisdiction and the bonds issued from these branches. Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom is rated by Moody’s and any change
in our rating or outlook or in the financial position of the subsidiary could impact the rating or outlook of our subsidiary.

Given the significant uncertainties caused by global
economic challenges, there can be no assurance that rating agencies will maintain their views on India’s sovereign rating or that
we and our subsidiaries and affiliates will be able to meet the expectations of rating agencies and maintain our credit ratings. See also
“
—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our inability to effectively manage credit, market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy
of our valuation models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of
funds
”.

Any adverse impact on India’s external position
due to an increase in the price of crude oil or the current account deficit or outflow of foreign capital or exchange rate volatility
could adversely affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business.

India is vulnerable to developments in the trade
account. India imports a majority of its requirements of petroleum oil and petroleum products. The decline in the oil import bill in fiscal
2021 was largely due to a decline in global crude oil prices and weak demand conditions in the Indian economy caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
However, global crude oil prices rose starting November 2020 and experienced a sharp increase following the hostilities between

13

Table of Contents

Russia and Ukraine leading to a high import bill in fiscal 2023. However,
the crude oil prices have moderated in fiscal 2024. The risk of a possible rise in global oil prices if there is further escalation in
geo-political uncertainty cannot be ruled out. In the event of elevated oil price levels or volatility in oil prices
,
as well as the impact of currency depreciation, which makes imports more expensive in local currency, and the pass-through of such increases
to Indian consumers or an increase in subsidies (which would increase the fiscal deficit) could have a material adverse impact on the
Indian economy and the Indian banking and financial system, including through a rise in inflation and market interest rates, higher trade
and fiscal deficits
and currency depreciation
.

India’s trade relationships with other countries
and its trade deficit, may adversely affect Indian economic conditions and the exchange rate for the rupee. As a proportion of India’s
gross domestic product, there was a surplus in the current account of 0.9% in fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2022, the current account deficit
was 1.2% of India’s gross domestic product. In fiscal 2023, the current account deficit was 2.0% of India’s gross domestic
product. If current account and trade deficits continue to increase, or are no longer manageable because of factors impacting the trade
deficit like a significant rise in global crude oil prices or otherwise, the Indian economy, and therefore our business, our financial
performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected. Any reduction of or increase in the volatility of
capital flows may impact the Indian economy and financial markets and increase the complexity and uncertainty in monetary policy decisions
in India, leading to volatility in inflation and interest rates in India, which could also adversely impact our business, our financial
performance, our stockholders’ equity, and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

See also “
—Risks Relating to Our
Business—We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates
”.

The banking and financial markets in India are still
evolving and the Indian financial system could experience difficulties which could adversely affect our business and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs.

As an Indian bank, we are exposed to the risks
of the Indian financial system which may be affected by the financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial institutions because
the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships.
This risk, which is sometimes referred to as systemic risk, may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies,
banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial
system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and adversely affect our business.

For instance,
in March 2020, the Reserve Bank of India imposed a moratorium restricting deposit withdrawals
from a private sector bank, followed by implementation of a scheme of reconstruction involving change in management and equity capital
infusion by several Indian banks, including us. Such developments may impact credit markets and there could be an adverse impact on the
loan portfolios of banks, including us, if customers are no longer able to access financing or refinancing from these entities or replace
such financing or refinancing from other sources, thereby impacting their ability to conduct operations or meet their financial obligations.
Our transactions with these financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default by the counterparty, which can be
exacerbated during periods of market illiquidity. See also “
—Risks

14

Table of Contents

Relating to Our Business—There is operational risk associated
with the financial industry which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business”.

As the Indian financial system operates in an emerging
market, we face risks of a nature and extent not typically faced in more developed economies. Our credit risk may be higher than the credit
risk of banks in some developed economies. Our access to information about the credit histories of our borrowers, especially individuals
and small businesses, may be limited relative to what is typically available for similar borrowers in developed economies. In addition,
the credit risk of our borrowers is often higher than borrowers in more developed economies due to the evolving Indian regulatory, political,
economic and industrial environment. The directed lending norms of the Reserve Bank of India require us to lend a certain proportion of
our loans to “priority sectors”, including agriculture and small enterprises, where we are less able to control the portfolio
quality and where economic difficulties are likely to affect our borrowers more severely. We also purchase priority sector lending certificates
to meet directed lending requirements, and the cost of purchasing such certificates may increase substantially depending on the demand
and supply scenario of the certificates. Any shortfall in meeting the priority sector lending targets and sub-targets may be required
to be allocated to investments yielding sub-market returns. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in
a highly regulated sector—We are subject to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, which may also involve
buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required to
be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability. We may also experience a higher
level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our
business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
” and “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to
Advancing Loans—Directed Lending
”.

We may face the risk of deposit runs
notwithstanding the existence of a national deposit insurance scheme. Any failure in controlling such situations in the future could
result in high volumes of deposit withdrawals, which would adversely impact our liquidity position, disrupt our business and, in times
of market stress, undermine our financial strength.

We pursue our banking, insurance and other activities
in India in a developing economy with all of the risks that come with operating in a developing economy. Our activities in India are
widespread and diverse and involve employees, contractors, counterparties and customers with widely varying levels of education, financial
sophistication and wealth. Although we seek to implement policies and procedures to reduce and manage marketplace risks as well as risks
within our own organization, some risks remain inherent in doing business in a large, developing country. We cannot eliminate these marketplace
and operational risks, which may lead to or exacerbate legal, regulatory or judicial actions, negative publicity or other developments
that could reduce our profitability. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The
enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal
or informal
”,

15

Table of Contents

“
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence
in a highly regulated sector—We are at risk for inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities, which
may adversely affect our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us to incur additional costs or adversely affect
our ability to conduct business”
and “
—Risks Relating to Our Business—Entry into new businesses or
rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business”
.

A significant change in the Indian government’s
policies, including economic policies, fiscal policies and structural reforms, could adversely affect our business and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs.

Our business and customers are predominantly located
in India or are related to and influenced by the Indian economy. The Indian government has traditionally exercised, and continues to exercise,
a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy. The Indian government’s policies could adversely affect business and economic
conditions in India, our ability to implement our strategy, the operations of our subsidiaries and affiliates and our future financial
performance. Successive Indian governments have pursued policies of economic liberalization, including significantly relaxing restrictions
on the private sector and encouraging the development of the Indian financial sector. While a single party achieved majority in the general
elections in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2020, India has been governed by coalition governments in the past. The leadership of India and the
composition of the government are subject to change, and election results are not predictable. It is difficult to predict the economic
policies that will be pursued by governments in the future. In addition, investments by the corporate sector in India may be impacted
by government policies and decisions including judicial decisions, such as with respect to awards of licenses and resources, access to
land and natural resources and policies with respect to protection of the environment. Such policies and decisions may result in delays
in execution of projects, including those financed by us, and also limit new project investments, and thereby impact economic growth.

The pace of economic liberalization could change,
and specific laws and policies affecting banking and finance companies, foreign investment, currency exchange and other matters affecting
investment in our securities could change as well. Decisions by the Government of India could impact our business and financial performance.
The Indian government announced the introduction of central bank digital currency by the Reserve Bank of India in the Union Budget for
fiscal 2023, and the impact of the introduction of digital currency on the banking system, including us, is uncertain. Any changes in
regulations or significant change in India’s economic policies or any market volatility as a result of uncertainty surrounding India’s
macroeconomic policies or the future elections of its government could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally
and our business in particular and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Natural calamities, climate change and health epidemics
could adversely affect the Indian economy, or the economy of other countries where we operate, our business and the prices of our equity
shares and ADSs.

India has experienced natural calamities such as
earthquakes, floods and droughts in the past few years. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determine their impact on the
Indian economy. In particular, climatic and weather conditions, such as the level and timing of monsoon

16

Table of Contents

rainfall, impact the agricultural sector, which constituted approximately
18% of India’s gross value added in fiscal 2023. Prolonged spells of below or above normal rainfall or other natural calamities,
or global or regional climate change, could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business, especially our rural portfolio. Similarly,
global or regional climate change in India and other countries where we operate could result in change in weather patterns and frequency
of natural calamities like droughts, El Nino, floods and cyclones, which could affect the economy of India, the countries where we operate
and our operations in those countries.

Health epidemics could also disrupt our business,
our borrowers, our counterparties and other constituents. The emergence of disease pandemics like COVID-19, and other earlier outbreaks
like the nipah virus in 2018 in certain regions of southeast Asia, including India, have caused, and could in the future cause, economic
and financial disruptions. Such disruptions in India and other areas of the world in which we operate could lead to operational difficulties,
including travel restrictions, that could impact our business and our ability to manage or conduct our business. Any future outbreak of
health epidemics may impact the quality of our portfolio and result in an increase in our non-performing loans, and restrict the level
of business activity in affected areas, which may in turn adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

If regional hostilities, terrorist attacks, or social
unrest in India or elsewhere increase, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

India has from time to time experienced social
and civil unrest and hostilities both internally and with neighboring countries. In the past, there have been military confrontations
between India and Pakistan, and border disputes with neighboring countries, including China. In June 2020, Indian and Chinese troops engaged
in physical conflict in the Galwan River valley. Both Indian and Chinese governments have undertaken protective measures, such as, in
relation to the presence of Chinese businesses in India. We cannot predict how such geopolitical events will develop in the future and
how it may impact our business, operations, reputation and financial condition.

India has also experienced terrorist attacks in
some parts of the country, including in Mumbai, where our headquarters are located. India could also be impacted by intensifying border
disputes with its neighbors, trade wars between large economies like the U.S. increasing trade tariffs on goods imported from China, or
possible import restrictions on Indian goods by trading partners that could have an adverse impact on India’s trade and capital
flows, exchange rate and macroeconomic stability. In addition, geopolitical events in the Middle East, Asia and Europe or terrorist or
military action in other parts of the world, including the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, may impact prices of
key commodities, financial markets and trade and capital flows, including by leading to restrictions on countries which are among India’s
significant trading partners. These factors and any political or economic instability in India could adversely affect our business, our
future financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated
sector

The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment
in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.

17

Table of Contents

We are subject to a wide variety of banking, insurance
and financial services laws, regulations and regulatory policies and a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each
of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Regulators in India and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate subject financial sector
institutions, including us, to intense review, supervision and scrutiny. This heightened level of review and scrutiny or any changes in
the existing regulatory supervision framework, increases the possibility that we will face adverse legal or regulatory actions. In the
face of difficulties in the Indian banking sector, the Reserve Bank of India has been increasing the intensity of its scrutiny of Indian
banks and has been imposing fines and penalties that are larger than the historic norms on Indian banks. The Reserve Bank of India and
other regulators regularly review our operations, and there can be no guarantee that all regulators will agree with our internal assessments
of asset quality, provisions, risk management, capital adequacy and management functioning, other measures of the safety and soundness
of our operations or compliance with applicable laws, regulations, accounting and taxation norms, listing norms or regulatory policies.

Regulators, including among others the Reserve
Bank of India and the Securities and Exchange Board of India, as well as governmental authorities and courts, may find that we are not
in compliance with applicable laws, regulations, accounting and taxation norms, listing norms or regulatory policies, or with the regulators’
revised interpretations of such laws, regulations or regulatory policies, and may take formal or informal actions against us. Such formal
or informal actions might force us to make additional provisions for our non-performing assets or otherwise, divest our assets, adopt
new compliance programs or policies, remove personnel including senior executives, reduce dividend or executive compensation, provide
remediation or refunds to customers or undertake other changes to our business operations, and may reduce our revenues, require us to
incur additional expenses, impact our profitability and damage our reputation. In fiscal 2021, pursuant to judicial orders, the Reserve
Bank of India provided copies of its supervisory inspection reports for certain banks, including us, for earlier years to an external
party. The consequences of these reports, or any future reports, being available in the public domain are uncertain and may result in
negative publicity about us. See also “
Supervision and Regulation
”.

If we fail to manage our legal and regulatory risk
in the many jurisdictions in which we operate, our business could suffer, our reputation could be harmed and we would be subject to additional
legal and regulatory risks. This could, in turn, increase the size and number of claims and damages asserted against us and/or subject
us to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions or other proceedings, or lead to increased supervisory concerns. We may also be required
to spend additional time and resources on remedial measures and conducting enquiries, beyond those already initiated and ongoing, which
could have an adverse effect on our business.

New regulations and compliance and disclosure requirements
relating to environment, social and governance matters, especially climate change, have been recommended or are under consideration by
regulators in the jurisdictions where we have our operations. In July 2022, the Reserve Bank of India released a discussion paper on a
disclosure framework on climate-related financial risks and guidance on climate scenario analysis and stress testing. This paper has been
made public for feedback and comments. Subsequently, the Reserve Bank of India released a framework for the acceptance of green deposits.
Other jurisdictions in which we operate are also proposing or considering climate-risk related initiatives, policies and standards. For
example, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has proposed, but not finalized, climate-related

18

Table of Contents

disclosures of publicly traded entities, which would include new requirements
to disclose information about climate-related risks. We may be subject to risk arising from the inconsistencies and conflicts in the manner
in which climate policy and financial regulation is implemented in the regions where the Bank operates, including initiatives to apply
and enforce policy and regulation with extraterritorial effect.

Despite our best efforts to comply with all applicable
regulations, there are a number of risks that cannot be completely controlled. Our international presence has led to increased legal and
regulatory risks. Regulators in every jurisdiction in which we operate or have listed our securities have the power to restrict our operations,
stipulate higher capital and liquidity requirements or bring administrative or judicial proceedings against us (or our employees, representatives,
agents and third-party service providers), which could result, among other things, in suspension or revocation of one or more of our licenses,
cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action which could materially harm our reputation,
results of operations and financial condition.

We may be subject to fines, restrictions or other sanctions
for regulatory compliance failures, which may adversely affect our financial position or our ability to expand our activities.

Failure to comply with applicable regulations in
various jurisdictions, including unauthorized actions by employees, representatives, agents and third parties, suspected or perceived
failures and media reports, and ensuing inquiries or investigations or proceedings by regulatory and enforcement authorities, has resulted,
and may result in the future, in regulatory actions, including financial penalties and restrictions on or suspension of the related business
operations. Whenever we consider it appropriate and the regulatory guidelines so permit, we may seek to settle or compound regulatory
inquiries or investigations or proceedings through consensual process with the concerned regulator, which may entail monetary payment
by us or agreeing to non-monetary terms. The non-monetary terms may include suspension or cessation of business activities for a specified
period; change in key management personnel or restrictions being placed on key management personnel; disgorgement; implementation of enhanced
policies and procedures to prevent future violations; appointing or engaging an independent consultant to review internal policies, processes
and procedures; providing enhanced training and education; and/or submitting to enhanced internal audit, concurrent audit or reporting
requirements.

We are at risk for inquiries or investigations by regulatory
and enforcement authorities, which may adversely affect our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us to incur additional
costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct business.

A failure to comply with the applicable regulations
in various jurisdictions by our employees, representatives, agents and third-party service providers either in or outside the course of
their services, or suspected or perceived failures by them, may result in further inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement
authorities and in additional regulatory or enforcement action against either us, or such employees, representatives, agents and third-party
service providers. Such additional actions may further impact our reputation, result in adverse media reports, lead to increased or enhanced
regulatory or supervisory concerns, cause us to incur additional costs, penalties, claims and expenses or impact adversely our ability
to conduct business. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—

19

Table of Contents

The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent
enquiry, taken action against the former Managing Director and CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter
by government and regulatory agencies to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory
sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and reputation.
”

We have also experienced
international expansion into banking in multiple jurisdictions which exposes us to a variety of regulatory and business challenges and
risks, including cross-cultural risk, and further increases the risk of inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities.
In October 2022, ICICI Bank’s New York Federal Branch (“New York Branch”)

entered into a consent order with its federal banking supervisor, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency,
which required the New York Branch to enhance certain processes in its Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering program, and establish and
maintain an effective sanctions compliance program. The Consent Order did not involve any monetary penalty. The New York Branch is committed
to taking all necessary and appropriate steps to address the aspects identified and implement the necessary corrective actions as approved
by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. The New York Branch provides a quarterly update to the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency on the progress of the corrective actions being undertaken. Expansion into additional jurisdictions also increases the complexity
of our risks in a number of areas including currency risks, interest rate risks, compliance risk, regulatory risk, reputational risk and
operational risk. We, or our employees, may from time to time, and as is common in the financial services industry, be the subject of
inquiries, examinations or investigations that could lead to proceedings against us or our employees.

We cannot predict the timing or form of any current
or future regulatory or law enforcement initiatives, which are increasingly common for international banks and financial institutions.

We are subject to the directed lending requirements
of the Reserve Bank of India, which may also involve buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall
in meeting these requirements may be required to be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting
our profitability. We may also experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely
impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Under the directed lending norms of the Reserve
Bank of India, banks in India are required to lend 40.0% of their adjusted net bank credit to certain eligible sectors, categorized as
priority sectors. Under such lending norms, banks also have sub-targets for lending to key segments or sectors. A proportion of 9.5% and
11.5% of adjusted net bank credit were required to be lent to small and marginal farmers and identified weaker sections of society, respectively,
in fiscal 2023, the proportion of which will increase to 10.0% and 12.0% respectively in fiscal 2024. The Reserve Bank of India has directed
banks to maintain direct lending to non-corporate farmers at the banking system’s average level for the last three years and set
a target of 13.78% of adjusted net bank credit for this purpose for fiscal 2023. In addition, 7.5% of adjusted net bank credit is required
to be lent to micro-enterprises. The balance of the priority sector lending requirement can be met by lending to a range of sectors, including
small businesses, medium-sized enterprises, renewable energy, social infrastructure and residential mortgages satisfying certain criteria.
These requirements and achievements are assessed considering the average of the

20

Table of Contents

outstanding balances at the quarter end. From fiscal 2022, the priority
sector achievements are computed based on the weight assigned to the incremental priority sector credit in identified districts. The necessary
adjustments for weight of districts and calculation of achievement are done by the Reserve Bank of India on the basis of data submitted
by banks on a quarterly basis.

These requirements apply to
ICICI Bank on a standalone basis. The Reserve Bank of India allows banks to sell and purchase priority sector lending certificates in
the event of excess/shortfall in meeting priority sector targets, which help in reducing the shortfall in priority sector lending. These
instruments are issued by banks that have a surplus in priority sector lending or any of its individual sub-segments and are purchased
by banks having a shortfall, through a trading portal, without the transfer of risks or loan assets. The Bank also purchases priority
sector lending certificates to meet directed lending requirements, the cost of which may vary based on the demand for and supply of such
certificates. During fiscal 2023, the Bank met most of the targets, except the average lending to the agriculture sector and other sub-category
targets such as non-corporate farmers and weaker section. The quarterly achievement as a percentage of the adjusted net bank credit for
agricultural sector was 17.7% against the requirement of 18.0%, sub-category within agricultural sector for non-corporate farmers was
13.3% against the requirement of 13.8% and for lending to weaker sections was 11.3% against the requirement of 11.5%.

Any shortfall in meeting the priority sector lending
requirements, after taking into account the priority sector lending certificates purchased, may be required to be invested at any time,
at the Reserve Bank of India’s directive, in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, determined depending on the prevailing
bank rate and on the level of shortfall, thereby impacting our profitability. At March 31, 2023, our total investments in such schemes
on account of past shortfalls in achieving the required level of priority sector lending were Rs. 216.2 billion. Our investments in Government
of India schemes are expected to increase in view of the continuing shortfall in agriculture lending sub-targets. These investments count
towards overall priority sector target achievement. Investments at March 31 of the preceding year are included in the adjusted net bank
credit which forms the base for computation of the priority sector and sub-segment lending requirements.

As a result of priority sector lending requirements,
we may experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, particularly due to loans to the agricultural
sector and small enterprises, where we are less able to control the portfolio quality and where economic difficulties are likely to affect
our borrowers more severely. The Bank’s gross non-performing assets in the priority sector loan portfolio were 2.3% in fiscal 2020,
3.4% in fiscal 2021, 2.7% in fiscal 2022 and 1.9% in fiscal 2023. In fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019, some states in India announced schemes
for waiver of loans taken by farmers. While the cost of such schemes is borne by the state governments, such schemes or borrower expectations
of such schemes result in higher delinquencies including in the farmer loan portfolio for banks, including us. Under the Reserve Bank
of India’s guidelines, these and other specified categories of agricultural loans are classified as non-performing when they are
overdue for more than 360 days, as compared to 90 days for loans in general. Thus, the classification of overdue loans as non-performing
occurs at a later stage in respect of such loans than the loan portfolio in general.

Going forward, the increase in sub-segment targets
and growth in our domestic loan portfolio could lead to a significant increase in our priority sector lending target amounts. In view
of the continuing shortfall in agriculture lending sub-targets and weaker section loans, the Bank may

21

Table of Contents

have to significantly increase the purchase of priority sector lending
certificates. The Reserve Bank of India has from time to time issued guidelines on priority sector lending requirements that restrict
the ability of banks to meet the directed lending obligations through lending to specialized financial intermediaries, specify criteria
to be fulfilled for investments by banks in securitized assets and outright purchases of loans and assignments to be eligible for classification
as priority sector lending and regulate the interest rates charged to ultimate borrowers by the originating entities in such transactions.
See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Advancing Loans—Directed Lending
”. Any future
changes by the Reserve Bank of India to the directed lending norms may result in an inability to meet the priority sector lending requirements
as well as require us to increase our lending to relatively riskier segments and may result in an increase in non-performing loans.

We are subject to capital adequacy requirements stipulated
by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel III, as well as general market expectations regarding the level of capital adequacy large
Indian private sector banks should maintain, and any inability to maintain adequate capital due to changes in regulations, a lack of access
to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.

Banks in India are subject to the Basel III capital
adequacy framework as stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India. The Basel III guidelines in India, among other things, require a minimum
common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 5.5% and a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 7.0%, a minimum total risk-based
capital ratio of 9.0%, and a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets above the minimum requirements
to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. The Bank is also required to maintain a capital surcharge
of 0.20% on account of being designated a domestic systemically important bank. The guidelines also establish eligibility criteria for
capital instruments in each tier of regulatory capital, require adjustments to and deductions from regulatory capital, and provide for
limited recognition of minority interests in the regulatory capital of a consolidated banking group. Applying the Basel III guidelines,
our capital ratios on a consolidated basis at March 31, 2023 were: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 16.9%; Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio of 17.3%; and total risk-based capital ratio of 18.1%.

The Reserve Bank of India has released guidelines
on implementation of counter cyclical capital buffers, which propose higher capital requirements for banks, ranging from 0% to 2.5% of
risk-weighted assets, during periods of high economic growth. This capital requirement would be determined based on certain triggers such
as deviation of long-term average credit-to-GDP ratio and other indicators. While these guidelines are already effective, the Reserve
Bank of India has stated that current economic conditions do not warrant activation of the counter cyclical capital buffer. The Reserve
Bank of India has also issued a leverage ratio framework which is measured as the ratio of a bank’s Tier 1 capital and total exposure.
Since October 2019, the Reserve Bank of India has required maintenance of a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0% for domestic systemically important
banks, including us, and 3.5% for other banks. In 2018, the Reserve Bank of India advised banks to create an Investment Fluctuation Reserve
from fiscal 2019 with the aim of building adequate reserves to protect against any sudden increase in Government of India bond yields.
A minimum amount equal to the lesser of either the net profit on sale of investments during the year or net profit for the year excluding
mandatory appropriations would have to be transferred to the Investment Fluctuation Reserve and would

22

Table of Contents

cover at least 2.0% of the held-for-trading and available-for-sale portfolio
of a bank, on a continuing basis. This reserve is eligible for inclusion in tier 2 capital.

Regulatory changes may impact the amount of capital
that we are required to hold. Our ability to grow our business and execute our strategy is dependent on our level of capitalization and
we may be required to raise resources from the capital markets or to divest stake in one or more of our subsidiaries to meet our capital
requirements. Any reduction in our regulatory capital ratios, changes to the capital requirements applicable to us on account of regulatory
changes or otherwise, our inability to access capital markets or otherwise increase our capital base and our inability to meet stakeholder
expectations of the appropriate level of capital for us, while also meeting expectations of return on capital, may limit our ability to
maintain our market standing and grow our business, and adversely impact our future performance and strategy. Debt and equity investors,
rating agencies, equity and fixed income analysts, regulators and others would likely expect us to maintain capital adequacy ratios well
above the regulatory requirements, reflecting our position as a large private sector bank. In 2020, we raised Rs. 150.0 billion of equity
capital through a Qualified Institutions Placement. We may seek to access the equity capital markets in the future, or make additional
divestments of our investments in our subsidiaries and affiliates. Increases in our equity shares would dilute the shareholding of existing
shareholders. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in raising the capital when required or that the timing for accessing
the market or the terms of the capital raised would be attractive, and these may be subject to various uncertainties including liquidity
conditions, market stability, or political or economic conditions. If we are unable to raise enough capital to satisfy our regulatory
capital requirements, we will be subject to restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments, as well as other potential
regulatory actions.

In fiscal 2021, the Reserve Bank of India prohibited
banks from making any dividend payouts from the profit pertaining to fiscal 2020 in order to conserve capital and to maintain their capacity
to support the economy and absorb losses in an environment of heightened uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly, we
did not declare any dividend for fiscal 2020. We cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to similar restrictions in the future. The
Reserve Bank of India’s Prompt Corrective Action framework for banks defines risk thresholds for indicators like capital adequacy,
asset quality and leverage, and stipulates actions like restriction on dividend distribution/remittance of profits, restriction on branch
expansion, domestic and/or overseas expansion, and restrictions on capital expenditure other than for technological upgradation. At year-end
fiscal 2023, the Bank’s financial indicators did not breach the risk thresholds prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. There can
be no assurance that we will always remain within the thresholds prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India in the future.

Our insurance, banking and home finance subsidiaries
and affiliate are also subject to solvency and capital requirements imposed by their respective regulators. While we currently do not
expect these entities to require significant additional equity capital, any requirement for ICICI Bank to make additional equity investments
in these entities in the event of an increase in their capital requirements due to regulation or material stress would impact our capital
adequacy.

We are subject to liquidity
requirements of the Reserve Bank of India as well as those of banking regulators in our overseas locations, and any inability to maintain
adequate liquidity due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and
support our businesses.

23

Table of Contents

The Reserve Bank
of India has released guidelines on liquidity coverage ratio requirements under the Basel III liquidity framework that require banks
to maintain and report the Basel III liquidity coverage ratio, which is a ratio of the stock of high quality liquid assets and total
net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar days. The Reserve Bank of India has also defined categories of assets qualifying as high
quality liquid assets and mandated a minimum liquidity coverage ratio of 100.0%. Further, the Reserve Bank of India has issued final
guidelines on the net stable funding ratio for banks and would require banks to maintain sufficient funds that are considered as reliable
to cover the liquidity requirements and asset maturities coming up over the next one year on an ongoing basis. There are similar requirements stipulated by regulators in most of our overseas locations due to which we are required to maintain appropriate
levels of liquidity in those geographies as well. These liquidity requirements, together with the existing liquidity and cash reserve requirements, result in Indian banks, including
us, holding high amounts of liquidity, thereby impacting profitability.

Any reduction in our liquidity coverage or net
stable funding ratios, increase in liquidity requirements applicable to us on account of regulatory changes or otherwise, changes in the
composition of liquidity or inability to access capital markets may limit our ability to grow our business or adversely impact our profitability
and our future performance and strategy.

As we and other banks manage these various liquidity
requirements, there could be a sudden increase in demand for liquidity in the banking system, which could have an adverse impact in the
financial markets, and result in an increase in our short term borrowing costs and a sudden increase in the bank’s cost of funds.
Further, any tightening of liquidity and volatility in international markets may limit our access to international funding markets and
result in an increase in our cost of funding for our international branches and overseas banking subsidiaries, and impact our ability
to replace maturing borrowings and fund new assets.

Changes in the regulation and structure of the financial
markets in India may adversely impact our business.

The Indian financial markets have in recent years
experienced, and continue to experience, changes and developments aimed at reducing the cost and improving the quality of service delivery
to users of financial services. We may experience an adverse impact on the cash float and fees from our cash management business resulting
from the development and increased usage of payment systems, as well as other similar structural changes. The Reserve Bank of India, from
time to time, imposes limits on transaction charges levied by banks on customers, including those on cash and card transactions. The Reserve
Bank of India has announced the introduction of an electronic trading platform for buying and selling foreign currencies by retail customers
of banks, aimed at enhancing transparency and competition and lowering costs for retail customers. In August 2020, the Reserve Bank of
India issued rules for opening current account of customers having credit facilities from the banking system. Such developments may adversely
impact the profitability of banks, including us, by reducing float balances and fee incomes, and increasing costs. See also
“—Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial
sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal”
.

Our subsidiaries and affiliates are also subject
to similar risks. For instance, the Indian government’s tax policies generally influence the purchase of insurance and investment
in mutual funds by customers. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiary and affiliate—

24

Table of Contents

While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business,
there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability
”.

The Reserve Bank of India has been permitting the
entry of new players in the financial sector, including through issuance of licenses for universal banks and small finance banks in the
private sector under the continuous licensing policy and allowing fintechs and technology companies to offer payment and other financial
services. The entry of new players has intensified competition which could impact our ability to capture business opportunities if we
are not able to adapt our business strategy to new developments. See also
“—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our industry
is very competitive and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.”

The Reserve Bank of India had set up an internal
working group to consider, among other things, holding of financial subsidiaries through a financial holding company that itself is a
non operating company. The Reserve Bank of India released the report of the internal working group in November 2020, and in November 2021,
accepted certain recommendations made by the internal working group including such a non-operative financial holding company structure
for all new licenses issued for universal banks. The nature of any future regulatory changes and their impact on our group structure and
business cannot be predicted currently.

In addition, changes in laws, regulations or regulatory
policies, including changes in the interpretation or application of such laws, regulations and regulatory policies, may adversely affect
the products and services we offer, the value of our assets or the collateral or contractual comforts available for our loans or our business
in general. For example, in August 2020, the Reserve Bank of India issued rules linking opening and maintaining current accounts with
banks by companies having credit facilities from the banking system. As per the guidelines, banks are allowed to open a current account
for customers who have not availed any credit from the banking system. Current accounts cannot be opened for customers who have availed
only cash credit or overdraft facility, through which all their transactions must be routed; only a lending bank meeting specified credit
exposure thresholds is eligible to open a current account of the borrower. Banks are required to monitor all current accounts on a periodic
basis to comply with the rules. Changes in regulations, such as those relating to ownership, governance and corporate structure of private
sector banks, management compensation, board governance, consumer protection, sustainable finance and risk management, may have an impact
on our business and our future strategy. These changes could require us to reduce or increase our business in specific segments, increase
competition, and impact our overall growth and return on capital. We cannot predict future legal or regulatory changes. Any such regulatory
or structural changes may result in increased expenses, including enhanced compliance costs, operational restrictions, increased competition
or revisions to our business operations, which may reduce our profitability or force us to forego potentially profitable business opportunities.

The opportunities for growth in our international operations
and our ability to repatriate capital from these operations may be limited by the local regulatory environments.

Our international franchise focuses on non-resident
Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses and on deepening relationships with well-rated Indian corporates in international
markets and multinational companies to maximize the India-linked trade, transaction banking and lending opportunities within our risk
management framework. Our overseas banking subsidiaries continue to serve local markets selectively with a focus on risk

25

Table of Contents

management and granularity of business. There can be no assurance of
the successful execution of this strategy and the future growth and profitability of our international operations.

Further, while both our overseas banking subsidiaries
are focused on optimizing their capital base and have repatriated capital and made dividend payments to ICICI Bank in the past, such actions
are subject to regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance regarding the timing or grant of such approvals in the future. Our international
branches are also subject to respective local regulatory requirements, including any requirements related to liquidity, capital and asset
classification and provisioning.

The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to
an independent enquiry, taken action against the former Managing Director and CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries
in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to
legal and regulatory sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and reputation.

In fiscal 2019, the Audit Committee under direction
given by the Board of Directors of the Bank had instituted an independent enquiry to consider various allegations relating to the former
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Chanda Kochhar. The enquiry was supported by an external counsel and a forensic firm.
The allegations levelled against Ms. Kochhar included nepotism, quid pro quo and claims that Ms. Kochhar, by not disclosing conflicts
of interest caused by certain transactions between certain borrowers of the Bank and entities controlled by Ms. Kochhar’s spouse,
committed infractions under applicable regulations and the Bank’s Code of Conduct. While the enquiry was underway, the Board accepted
Ms. Kochhar’s request for early retirement, while noting that the enquiry would remain unaffected by this and certain benefits would
be subject to the outcome of the enquiry. Subsequently, on consideration of the enquiry report and its conclusions, the Board of Directors
decided to treat the separation of Ms. Chanda Kochhar from the Bank as a ‘Termination for Cause’ under the Bank’s internal
policies, schemes and the Code of Conduct, with all attendant consequences.

In January 2020, the Bank instituted a recovery
suit against Ms. Kochhar for, among other things, the clawback of bonus paid from April 2009 to March 2018. Ms. Kochhar also filed a suit
before Bombay High Court in January 2022 contending that her employment termination is invalid and she is entitled to all the Employee
Stock Options, which were originally allocated to her. An alternative prayer for claiming, damages of Rs. 17.3 billion is sought by her.
Both these suits are under trial and being heard by the single bench of Bombay High Court.

Enquiries by government authorities and regulatory
agencies in the matter are continuing and the Bank is cooperating with such enquiries and requests. The Securities and Exchange Board
of India issued a show-cause notice to Ms. Kochhar and to the Bank in 2018 in relation to the allegations. In November 2020, the Securities
and Exchange Board of India issued a modified show cause notice to the Bank and responses were submitted by the Bank. In fiscal 2023,
pursuant to the Securities Appellate Tribunal order the Securities and Exchange Board of India sought documents and materials in relation
to the adjudication proceedings from the Bank, which were then submitted by the Bank.

26

Table of Contents

Authorities such as the Enforcement Directorate
and Income-tax authorities are also probing the matter. In the event that the Bank is found by Securities and Exchange Board of India
or the Central Bureau of Investigation or by any other authority or agency to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could
become subject to legal and regulatory sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our reputation and may impact results of operations
or financial condition.

Our asset management, private equity, insurance and
securities broking subsidiaries and affiliates are subject to extensive regulation and supervision which can lead to increased costs or
additional restrictions on their activities that could adversely impact the Bank.

Our asset management subsidiary, ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company Limited, is subject to supervision and regulation by the Securities and Exchange Board of India.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India, based
on any observations reported in inspection reports or reports submitted by our asset management subsidiary, may take actions like issuing
administrative warnings, show cause notices, penalties or initiating enforcement actions. Further, there could be claims from investors
of the funds or the portfolios managed by our subsidiary, which would be determined in the court of law or by regulators and may impact
the reputation and business of our subsidiary and us.

Our insurance businesses are also subject to extensive
regulation and supervision by India’s insurance regulator. They also have a large number of retail and corporate clients, from whom
claims may arise which could be determined in courts or also by regulators and result in determination against our insurance businesses
or us or our insurance businesses’ management and employees. The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India has the
authority to specify, modify and interpret regulations regarding the insurance industry, including regulations governing products, selling
commissions, solvency margins and reserving, issuance of new licenses, which can lead to additional costs or restrictions on our insurance
subsidiaries’ activities.

Further, our insurance and securities broking subsidiaries
and insurance affiliate are now publicly listed companies on the Indian stock exchanges, which has resulted in enhanced compliance requirements
and regulatory oversight. There can be no assurance that increased regulatory scrutiny of our insurance and securities broking subsidiaries
and affiliate along with stringent requirements, including additional disclosures, will not have a material adverse impact on the Bank.
There could be instances where the regulator or governmental agency may find that we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations
pertaining to listed companies or their relationship with the parent or other group companies, or with their interpretations of laws and
regulations, and may take formal or informal actions against us and our subsidiaries or affiliates.

Adoption of a different basis of accounting or new
accounting standards may result in changes in our reported financial position and results of operations for future and prior periods.

The financial statements and other financial information
included or incorporated by reference in this annual report are based on our unconsolidated and consolidated financial

27

Table of Contents

statements under Indian GAAP. Indian corporations have transitioned
to Ind AS, a revised set of accounting standards, which largely converges the Indian accounting standards with International Financial
Reporting Standards, as per the roadmap provided to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, which is the law making authority for adoption
of accounting standards in India. Some of our group non-banking finance companies have transitioned to Ind AS.
For
banking and insurance companies, the implementation of Ind AS has been deferred until further notice. During fiscal 2022, the Reserve
Bank of India had issued a discussion paper on Review of prudential norms on classification, valuation and operations of investment portfolio
of commercial banks, which was broadly based on the principles of the International Financial Reporting Standard 9. Further, during fiscal
2023, the Reserve Bank of India, through its discussion paper on Introduction of Expected Credit Loss framework for provisioning by banks
has proposed to adopt expected credit loss framework based on approach used in International Financial Reporting Standard 9, supplemented
by regulatory backstops wherever necessary. –Adoption of Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments (Standard equivalent to International
Financial Reporting Standard 9) or final guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India based on above discussion papers would have a
significant impact on the way financial assets and liabilities are classified and measured, resulting in volatility in profit or loss
and equity. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Convergence of Indian accounting standards with International
Financial Reporting Standards
”.

The transition from LIBOR to other alternative reference
rates may adversely affect our income and also bring about the vagaries that such alternative reference rates may have.

The Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial
Conduct Authority, which regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate or LIBOR, has stopped persuading or compelling banks to submit rates
for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR tenors, except for certain tenors of US$ LIBOR as the LIBOR has ceased to exist
from June 30, 2023.

The Bank has a program for its LIBOR transition,
which includes a governance framework, exposure assessment, tracking of fallback provisions and contract remediation programs and tracking
of global developments. In addition, the Bank has been using alternate reference rates in new contracts after December 31, 2021 and had
incorporated suitable benchmark replacement provisions in contracts linked to LIBOR originated prior to December 31, 2021. For further
details, see “
Business—Risk Management—Market Risk—Interest Rate Risk
”. The Bank has implemented
and continues to implement changes to the technology systems and infrastructure as part of the transition to the new benchmark regime.
The Bank has conducted information sharing sessions with clients on the LIBOR transition. Any efforts taken by the Bank in order to transition
away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates could have operational risks associated with it. The transition to alternative reference
rates is complex, could bring about unanticipated challenges and vagaries which could adversely impact our business, our future financial
performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Risks Relating to Our Business

If the level of our non-performing assets increases
and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our business will suffer.

28

Table of Contents

In recent years, banks in India, including us,
have focused on growing their retail and small business lending portfolios. While we expect the retail and small business segment to remain
a key driver of growth, a slowdown in economic growth, investment, consumption or employment or any increase in unemployment, could have
an adverse impact on the quality of our retail loan portfolio. As a recent example, following the outbreak of the first wave of the COVID-19
pandemic, the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India announced several measures during fiscal 2021, including a moratorium
on loan repayments for certain borrowers and an asset classification standstill benefit for overdue accounts where a moratorium had been
granted, restructuring of loans to small borrowers including individuals, small businesses and micro, small and medium enterprises, and
funding under the Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme for micro, small and medium enterprises and other stressed sectors. Our portfolio
includes lending under the guarantee scheme and loans where a resolution plan had been implemented and loans to borrowers who had availed
moratorium, that may carry higher risks compared to our overall portfolio.

Our loan portfolio includes long-term project finance
loans, which are particularly vulnerable to completion and other risks. The viability of these projects depends upon a number of factors,
including market demand, government policies, the processes for awarding government licenses and access to natural resources and their
subsequent judicial or other review, the financial condition of the government or other entities that are the primary customers for the
output of such projects and the overall economic environment in India and the international markets. In the past, we have experienced
a high level of default and restructuring in our industrial and manufacturing project finance loan portfolio. Our loans to the power sector
as a proportion of total loans declined from 3.1% at March 31, 2019 to 1.7% at March 31, 2023. Power projects face a variety of risks,
including access to fuel such as coal and gas, volatility in pricing of power and off-take of the power produced. In addition, power projects
inherently have high leverage levels.

Our loan portfolio also includes project finance,
corporate finance, and working capital loans to commodity-based sectors such as iron and steel, other metals and mining, which are subject
to similar and additional risks, as well as global commodity price cycles. Further, the growing focus on climate change and national commitments
towards a low-carbon economy may impact the flow of capital to specific sectors and could lead to structural shifts in these sectors,
and the overall economy. It is difficult to assess the impact of these changes, and can expose us to new risks and challenges in managing
the loan portfolio.

Our portfolio also includes purchases of retail
asset pools of home finance companies and non-banking finance companies, that may expose us to additional risks, including the failure
of the underlying borrowers to perform as anticipated, risks arising out of weakness in the financial position or operations of the originators,
who are generally responsible for collections and servicing, and additional mark-to-market provisions where the purchases are structured
as securitized instruments classified as investments. In addition, challenges in certain sectors like real estate, such as the inability
of real estate developers to complete and deliver residential properties for which we have provided loans to customers, may impact the
repayment behavior of the customers and result in higher delinquencies and non-performing loans. See also
“—Risks Relating
to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—A prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer”

and
“—Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—A significant change in the Indian government’s
policies,

29

Table of Contents

including economic policies, fiscal policies and structural reforms,
could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs”.

The Reserve Bank of India has substantially expanded
its guidance relating to the identification of non-performing assets over the last few years, which has resulted in an increase in our
loans classified as non-performing and an increase in provisions. Nevertheless, these provisions may not be adequate to cover further
increases in the amount of non-performing loans or further deterioration in our non-performing loan portfolio. In addition, the Reserve
Bank of India’s annual supervisory process may assess higher provisions than we have made. In the event that additional provisioning
is required by the Reserve Bank of India, our net income, balance sheet and capital adequacy could be affected, which could have a material
adverse impact on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our equity shares and ADSs.
The Reserve Bank of India also requires banks to disclose the divergence in asset classification and provisioning between what banks report
and what the Reserve Bank of India assesses through the Reserve Bank of India’s annual supervisory process. There can be no assurance
that such disclosures in the future will not impact us, our reputation, our business and future financial performance. Our subsidiaries
and affiliates are also regulated by their respective regulatory bodies. Similar to us, there may arise a requirement for additional disclosures
from our subsidiaries and affiliates in the future, which may have an adverse impact on us.

If the level of our non-performing assets increases
and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our provisioning costs could increase, our net interest income and net interest
margin could be negatively impacted due to non-accrual of income on non-performing loans, our credit ratings and liquidity may be adversely
impacted, we may become subject to enhanced regulatory oversight and scrutiny, and our reputation, our business, our future financial
performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely impacted. The Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 131.0
billion at March 31, 2023, including contingency provisions of Rs. 56.5 billion made on a prudent basis during fiscal 2023. There can
be no assurance of the adequacy of these provisions, or the level of additional provisions that will be required.

Any adverse economic, regulatory, legal developments
and natural disasters like the COVID-19 pandemic could cause further increases in the level of our non-performing assets and have a material
adverse impact on the quality of our loan portfolio and business.

See also “
—Risks Relating to Our
Business—Our loan portfolio includes long-term project finance loans, which are particularly vulnerable to completion and other
risks
” and
“—Risks Relating to Our Business—We have a high concentration of loans to certain customers,
borrower groups and sectors and if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of our loan portfolio,
our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected
”.

We have a high concentration of loans to certain customers,
borrower groups and sectors and if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of our loan portfolio,
our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

30

Table of Contents

Our loans and advances to the retail finance sector
constituted 54.2% of our gross advances (gross loans) at March 31, 2023. Our loans and advances to the rural finance sector were 8.1%,
services-finance sector were 7.2%, the infrastructure sector (excluding power) were 3.0%, the wholesale/retail trade sector were 4.0%,
and the power sector were 1.7% of our gross loans and advances at March 31, 2023.

Banks are subject to the Reserve Bank of India’s
framework for large exposures with limits on exposure of banks to a single counterparty and a group of connected counterparties. As per
this framework, the sum of all the exposure values of a bank to a single counterparty must not be higher than 20% of the bank’s
available eligible capital base (i.e., Tier 1 capital) at all times and the sum of all the exposure values of a bank to a group of connected
counterparties must not be higher than 25% of the bank’s available eligible capital base at all times. At year-end fiscal 2023,
our largest single counterparty accounted for 13.3% of our Tier I capital fund. The largest group of connected counterparties accounted
for 17.4% of our Tier I capital fund.

Since April 2019, banks have also been subject
to the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines proposing that large borrowers should reduce reliance on banks for their additional funding
and access market borrowings and other funding sources. Borrowers to be considered for this purpose were those having an aggregate fund-based
credit limit of Rs. 250.0 billion at any time during fiscal 2018 and the limit was reduced to Rs. 100.0 billion from fiscal 2020 onwards.
Loans from banks in excess of 50.0% of the incremental funds raised by these borrowers attracts higher risk weights and provisioning.

These guidelines, and our focus on controlling and reducing concentration
risk, may restrict our ability to grow our business with some customers, thereby impacting our earnings. There can be no assurance that
we will be successful in controlling the concentration risk and that we will be able to successfully grow our operating profits while
controlling non-performing loans and provisions.

The value of our collateral may decrease or we may
experience delays in enforcing our collateral when borrowers default on their obligations to us which may result in failure to recover
the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential loss.

A substantial portion of our loans to corporate
and retail customers is secured by collateral. See also “
Business—Loan Portfolio—Collateral—Completion, Perfection
and Enforcement
”. Changes in asset prices may cause the value of our collateral to decline, and we may not be able to realize
the full value of our collateral as a result of delays in bankruptcy and foreclosure proceedings, delays in the creation of security interests,
defects or deficiencies in the perfection of collateral (including due to inability to obtain approvals that may be required from various
persons, agencies or authorities), fraudulent transfers by borrowers and other factors, including depreciation in the value of the collateral
and illiquid market for disposal of and volatility in the market prices for the collateral, current legislative provisions or changes
thereto and past or future judicial pronouncements.

In India, foreclosure on collateral consisting
of property can be undertaken directly by lenders by fulfilling certain procedures and requirements (unless challenged in courts of law)
or

31

Table of Contents

otherwise by a written petition to an Indian court or tribunal. An application,
when made (or a legal challenge to the foreclosure undertaken directly), may be subject to delays or administrative requirements that
may result in, or be accompanied by, a decrease in the value of collateral. These delays can last for several years and might lead to
deterioration in the physical condition or market value of the collateral. In the event, a corporate borrower is in financial difficulty
and unable to sustain itself, it may opt for the process of voluntary winding up. Corporate borrowers may voluntarily, or by creditor
action be admitted to the insolvency resolution process under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. During the period of resolution
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, there is a standstill applicable on foreclosure and other recovery proceedings by the
lenders. In some cases, we may foreclose on collateral in lieu of principal and interest dues but may experience delays in liquidating
the collateral.

The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code enacted in 2016
provides for a time-bound mechanism to resolve stressed assets. Further, the prudential framework for resolution of stressed assets, initially
introduced in 2018 and subsequently amended in 2019 by the Reserve Bank of India, requires banks to implement a plan to resolve any overdue
account within timelines as approved by the board and may include legal proceedings for insolvency or recovery. The process of resolution
of accounts referred under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code is still evolving, with periodic amendments being incorporated in the framework
through both legislation and judicial decisions. A few large accounts have been resolved under the Code since fiscal 2019. However, uncertainties
continue and there are delays in the resolution of accounts referred under the Code. Should the resolution of accounts not be achieved
and the borrowers go into liquidation, the market value of the collateral may come down thus impacting the recovery of dues by lenders.
There can be no assurance of the level of recovery even in cases where a resolution is achieved.

In addition, for collateral we hold in jurisdictions
outside India, the applicable laws and regulations in such jurisdictions may impact our ability to foreclose on collateral and realize
its value. Failure to recover the expected value of collateral could expose us to potential losses, which could adversely affect our future
financial performance, our stockholders’ equity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Our banking and trading activities are particularly
vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed
income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance.

Interest rates in India are impacted by a range
of factors including inflation, fiscal deficit and government borrowing, monetary policy and market liquidity.

Due to the reserve requirements of the Reserve
Bank of India, we may be more structurally exposed to interest rate risk than banks in other countries. See also “
Supervision
and Regulation—Legal Reserve Requirements
”. These requirements result in our maintaining a large portfolio of fixed income
Government of India securities, and we could be materially adversely impacted by a rise in interest rates, especially if the rise were
sudden or sharp. A rise in yields on government securities reduces our realized and marked-to-market gains and the value of our fixed
income portfolio. The requirement to maintain a large portfolio of government securities and other liquid assets to comply with reserve
requirements and the liquidity coverage ratio also has a negative impact on our net interest income and net interest margin because we
earn interest

32

Table of Contents

on a portion of our assets at rates that are generally less favorable
than those typically received on our other interest-earning assets.

If the yield on our interest-earning assets does
not increase at the same time or to the same extent as our cost of funds, or if our cost of funds does not decline at the same time or
to the same extent as the decrease in yield on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income and net interest margin would be adversely
impacted. A slower growth in low cost deposits in the form of current and savings account deposits compared to total deposits would result
in an increase in the cost of funds and could adversely impact our net interest margin if we are not able to pass on the increase to borrowers.
Introduction of higher deposit interest rates, by banks with whom we compete may also lead to revisions in our deposit rates to remain
competitive and this could adversely impact our cost of funds.

Effective October 2019, the Reserve Bank of India
mandated the linking of interest rates on new floating rate retail loans and floating rate loans to micro and small enterprises to an
external benchmark. From April 2020, floating rate loans to medium enterprises were also required to be linked to an external benchmark.
Since our funding is primarily fixed rate, volatility in external benchmarks underlying loan pricing may cause volatility in or compress
our net interest margin. If there are increases in our cost of funds and if we are unable to pass on the increases fully into our lending
rates, our net interest margins and profitability would be adversely impacted. Such revisions in external benchmark lending rates may
impact the yield on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income and net interest margin. At year-end fiscal 2023, approximately
50.0% of the Bank’s domestic loan portfolio was linked to external benchmarks.

We are also exposed to interest rate risk through
our treasury operations as well as the operations of certain of our subsidiaries and affiliates, including ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, which have a portfolio of fixed income securities, and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership,
which is a primary dealer in Government of India securities. In our asset management business, we manage money market, debt and hybrid
mutual fund schemes whose performance is impacted by a rise in interest rates, which adversely impacts our revenues and profits from this
business. See also “
—Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—A prolonged slowdown in economic
growth in India could cause our business to suffer.
”

High and increasing interest rates or greater interest
rate volatility and differential movement between external benchmarks underlying loan pricing and our cost of funding may adversely affect
our ability to grow, our net interest margins, our net interest income, our income from treasury operations and the value of our fixed
income securities portfolio as well as the operations of certain of our subsidiaries.

Our inability to effectively manage credit, market
and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization,
credit ratings and cost of funds.

Our risk management strategies may not be effective
because in a difficult or less liquid market environment other market participants may be attempting to use the same or similar strategies
to deal with difficult market conditions. In such circumstances, it may be difficult for us to reduce our risk positions due to the activity
of such other market participants. Our

33

Table of Contents

derivatives businesses may expose us to unexpected market, credit
and operational risks that could cause us to suffer unexpected losses or enhanced regulatory scrutiny. Severe declines in asset
values, unanticipated credit events, or unforeseen circumstances that may cause previously uncorrelated factors to become correlated
may create losses resulting from risks not appropriately taken into account in the development, structuring or pricing of a
derivative instrument. In addition, some derivative transactions are not cleared and settled through a central clearing house or
exchange, and they may not always be confirmed or settled by counterparties on a timely basis. In these situations, we are subject
to heightened credit and operational risk, and in the event of a default, we may find the contract more difficult to enforce.
Further, as new and more complex derivative products are created, disputes regarding the terms or the settlement procedures of the
contracts could arise, which could force us to incur unexpected costs, including transaction and legal costs, and impair our ability
to manage effectively our risk exposure to these products. Many of our hedging strategies and other risk management techniques have
a basis in historic market behavior, and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management’s
subjective judgment. To the extent any of the instruments and strategies we use to hedge or otherwise manage our exposure to market
or credit risk are not effective, we may not be able to mitigate effectively our risk exposures in particular market environments or
against particular types of risk. Our balance sheet growth is dependent upon economic conditions, as well as upon our ability to
securitize, sell, purchase or syndicate particular loans or loan portfolios. Our trading revenues and interest rate risk are
dependent upon our ability to properly identify, and mark-to-market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes
in market prices or rates. Our earnings are dependent upon the effectiveness of our management of migrations in credit quality and
risk concentrations, the accuracy of our valuation models and our critical accounting estimates and the adequacy of our allowances
for loan losses. The risk of future pandemics, climate change, the geological situation and related economic disruption have
significantly complicated risk management for banks, including us, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate the changes in our
risk exposures.

To the extent our assessments, assumptions
or estimates prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, we could suffer higher than anticipated losses and enhanced
regulatory scrutiny. The successful management of credit, market and operational risk is an important consideration in managing our
liquidity risk because it affects the evaluation of our credit ratings by domestic and international rating agencies. Rating
agencies may reduce or indicate their intention to reduce the ratings at any time. See also “
—Risks Relating to India
and Other Economic and Market Risks—Any downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured foreign
currency debt by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares
and ADSs
”. The rating agencies can also decide to withdraw their ratings altogether, which may have the same effect as a
reduction in our ratings. We are rated by certain Indian rating agencies, which include CRISIL, CARE and ICRA, with a long-term
rating of AAA and a stable outlook. However, there is no assurance that we will always be able to maintain the highest rating and
any significant decline in our business or capital position or increase in non-performing loans could impact our rating or outlook.
Any reduction in our ratings (or withdrawal of ratings) may increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to capital markets and
adversely affect our ability to sell or market our products, engage in business transactions particularly longer-term, and
derivatives transactions, or retain our customers. Conditions in the international and Indian debt markets may adversely impact our
access to financing and liquidity. This, in turn, could reduce our liquidity and negatively impact

34

Table of Contents

our operating results and financial condition. For more information,
relating to our ratings, see also “
Business—Risk Management—Market Risk—Liquidity Risk.
”

Our funding is primarily short-term and if depositors
do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely affected.

Most of our incremental
funding requirements are met through short-term funding sources, primarily in the form of deposits including current and savings account
deposits, term deposits from retail customers, term deposits from corporate customers and inter-bank deposits. Our customer deposits
generally have a maturity of less than two years with an option of early withdrawal before contractual maturity. A large
portion of our assets have medium or long-term maturities, creating the potential for funding mismatches. For instance, our mortgage
loans and corporate term loans typically have longer-term maturities compared to our funding profile.

Our international branches are primarily funded
by debt capital market issuances and syndicated/bilateral loans, while our international subsidiaries generally raise deposits in their
local markets. Volatility in the international debt markets may constrain our international capital market borrowings. There can be no
assurance that our international branches and subsidiaries will be able to obtain funding from the international debt markets or other
sources in a timely manner on terms acceptable to them or at all. This may adversely impact our ability to replace maturing borrowings
and fund new assets. In addition, borrowers who have taken foreign currency loans from us may face challenges in meeting their repayment
obligations on account of market conditions and currency movements. See also “
—Risks Relating to India and Other Economic
and Market Risks—Financial instability in other countries, particularly countries where we have established operations, could adversely
affect our business.
”

Negative publicity could damage our reputation and
adversely impact our business and financial results and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Reputation risk, or the risk to our business, earnings
and capital from negative publicity, is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion about the financial services industry generally
or us specifically could adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers, and expose us to litigation and regulatory action.
Negative publicity can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices and specific
credit exposures, the level of non-performing loans, corporate governance, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and related
disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection of customer information, and actions taken by government, regulators, investigative agencies,
courts and community organizations in response to that conduct. Being a large financial services organization, we are exposed to media
coverage and public scrutiny of our business practices, our board of directors, key management personnel, policies and actions. Although
we take steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with such events, we, are inherently exposed to this risk.

We have experienced negative publicity with respect
to the allegations levelled against Ms. Kochhar and her spouse and the whistleblower complaints regarding alleged incorrect
asset classification and other allegations. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated
sector—The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an

35

Table of Contents

independent enquiry, taken action against the former Managing Director
and CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have violated
applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory sanctions that may materially and adversely affect
our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
”

Investigations are still going on and we cannot be certain how the investigations by the government and regulatory and other agencies
will conclude with regard to the issue of the former CEO and it is possible that the conclusions of these investigations could lead to
more negative publicity.

Any additional unfavorable publicity may adversely
impact investor confidence and affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. Our subsidiaries’ businesses include mutual fund,
portfolio and private equity fund management, which are exposed to various risks including diminution in value of investments and inadequate
liquidity of the investments. We also distribute products of our insurance, asset management and private equity subsidiaries and affiliate.
Investors in these funds and schemes may allege mismanagement or weak fund management as well as mis-selling and conflicts of interest,
which may impact our overall reputation as a financial services group and may require us to support these businesses with liquidity and
may result in a reduction in business volumes and revenues from these businesses. We are also exposed to the risk of litigation, claims
or disputes by customers, counterparties or other constituents across our businesses.

The exposures of our international branches and banking
subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The loan portfolio of our international branches
and banking subsidiaries includes foreign currency loans to Indian companies for their Indian operations (where permitted by regulation)
as well as for their overseas ventures, including cross-border acquisitions. This exposes us to specific additional risks including the
failure of the acquired entities to perform as expected, and our inexperience in various aspects of the economic and legal framework in
overseas markets. We are, through our international branches and banking subsidiaries, also exposed to a variety of credit risks in local
markets, where our expertise and experience may be limited. Our international profile has also increased the complexity of our risks in
a number of areas including price risks, currency risks, interest rate risks, compliance risk, regulatory and reputational risk and operational
risk. We also face risks arising from our ability to manage inconsistent legal and regulatory requirements in the multiple jurisdictions
in which we operate. Our businesses are subject to changes in legal and regulatory requirements and it may not be possible to predict
the timing or nature of such changes. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The
opportunities for growth in our international operations and our ability to repatriate capital from these operations may be limited by
the local regulatory environments.
” Business opportunities in these jurisdictions will also determine the growth in our operations.

Global developments including geopolitical tensions
could impact economic growth in Canada and the United Kingdom, which in turn could impact the business of our banking subsidiaries in
these countries. Our international branches and banking subsidiaries undertake select local banking businesses, including lending to multinational
and local corporations, small businesses, property backed lending and insured and other mortgages, and in the event of these corporations
being impacted by global and local economic conditions it could have an adverse impact on our business.

36

Table of Contents

Our international branches and banking subsidiaries have also made investments in
bonds, certificates of deposit, mortgage backed securities, treasury bills and asset-backed commercial paper.

We are
repositioning our international business strategy to sharpen our focus on the non-resident Indian community and on India-linked
trade. We aim to progressively exit exposures that are not linked to India in a planned manner at our international branches. Our
overseas banking subsidiaries will continue to serve local markets selectively with a focus on risk mitigation and granularity of
business. There can be no assurance of our successful execution of this strategy. Moreover, the risk of future pandemics and
financial crises may also increase challenges for our international branches and banking subsidiaries. If we are unable to manage
these risks, our business would be adversely affected. The classification of the loan portfolio of our international branches and
banking subsidiaries is also subject to the regulations of respective local regulators. Such loans that are identified as impaired
as per host country regulations for reasons other than record of recovery, but which are standard as per the current Reserve Bank of
India guidelines, are classified as non-performing to the extent of the amount of outstanding loan in the host country. Overseas
regulators may also require higher provisions against loans held in their jurisdictions.

Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing
loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business.

The rapid growth of our retail, rural and small
business loan portfolios exposes us to increased risks within India including higher levels of non-performing loans in our unsecured retail
credit portfolio, increased operational risk, increased fraud risk and increased regulatory and legal risk. We continue to focus on scaling
up our retail lending volumes and have seen an increase in our retail unsecured portfolio and our lending to small businesses and entrepreneurs.
Retail lending, including unsecured retail credit, has been an important driver of growth for the Indian banking system. We have also
entered into partnerships with technology companies with large customer bases to offer co-branded credit products and as well as with
non-banking financial companies for co-origination and/or purchases of loans. We intend to continue to pursue similar partnerships.

While we have taken measures to address the risks
in these businesses, there can be no assurance that the businesses would perform according to our expectations or that there would not
be any adverse developments in these businesses in the future. We use data analytics extensively in our lending to retail and small business
customers, and there can be no assurance that these analytical models will perform as intended. Our focus on partnerships with other entities
to grow our portfolio may not yield the desired results and may lead to additional risks. Our inability to manage such risks may have
an adverse impact on our future business and strategy, our asset quality and profitability and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit on
foreign exchange transactions and other sources of fee income are important elements of our profitability, and regulatory

37

Table of Contents

changes and market conditions could cause these income
streams to decline and adversely impact our financial performance.

We earn commission, exchange and brokerage income
from a variety of activities, including loan processing, syndication and advisory services for corporate clients with respect to their
acquisition and project financing, distribution of retail investment and insurance products, transaction banking and retail credit products.
Our commission, exchange and brokerage income is therefore impacted by the level of corporate activity including new financing proposals,
the demand for retail financial products and the overall level of economic and trade activity. Our commission, exchange and brokerage
income is also impacted by applicable regulations governing various products and segments of financial services and changes in these regulations
may adversely impact our income streams and ability to grow our business. Our fee income from distribution of third party financial products
is dependent on applicable regulations, the demand for these products and our distribution strategy for banking and third party products.

Our industry is very competitive and our
strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.

Within the Indian market, we face intense competition
from other commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies, non-bank finance companies, new private sector banks like payments
banks and small finance banks and non-bank entities offering retail payments services. Some Indian public and private sector banks have
experienced higher growth and increase in market shares relative to us. The expansion of existing competitors or the entry of new competitors
could increase competition for products and services. There could be greater competition for business opportunities if there is a slowdown
in growth in the Indian banking sector. The establishment of account aggregators, permitted by the Reserve Bank of India, facilitates
sharing of customer data with different financial service providers from whom customers may be seeking loans or other products and may
increase competition by making it easier for new entrants to onboard customers at a lower cost than traditional models. A large private
sector bank in India has executed a merger of its parent company, which is a large housing finance company, with itself, leading to a
significant increase in size and scale for the bank. Further, a large private sector bank in India completed the acquisition of the consumer
businesses of a foreign bank operating in India, which will consolidate the bank’s position in certain retail products. These moves
may significantly impact competition in the industry, especially for deposits and retail products.

Further, technology innovations in mobility and
digitization of financial services require banks and financial services companies to continuously develop new and simplified models for
offering banking products and services. The emergence of new platforms, or new operating models or new types of banks or other entities
offering digital banking solutions, are trends that could increase competitive pressures on banks, including us. Innovations in the payments
system and increasing use of mobile banking are leading to emergence of new platforms for cashless payments. This can also lead to new
types of banks expanding their presence in other financial products like insurance and mutual funds. Non-financial companies, particularly
international technology companies including large e-commerce players and internet-based service providers are increasing their presence
in the financial sector and are offering payment platforms and select services. We are currently partnering with some of these entities
to jointly offer payment and credit products and services. Some or all of these entities, which have substantially more

38

Table of Contents

resources than us and other Indian banks, may eventually seek a larger
share of the banking and financial services market in India and compete with us. Our subsidiaries also face similar risks, including enhanced
competition from new, technology-led players with disruptive business models that may result in a loss of market share or reduced profitability
or both, for existing players. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue to respond promptly to new technological developments,
and be in a position to participate in new market opportunities or dedicate resources to upgrade our systems and compete with new players
entering the market. See also “
—Risks relating to technology—The growing use of technology in banking and financial
services creates additional risks of competition, reliability and security”.

We face competition from non-banking finance companies
that are lending in segments in which banks also have a presence, including home loans and vehicle loans. Their presence in the market
may grow during periods when banks are unable to grow their advances due to challenges and stress in other businesses. There is no assurance
that we will be able to effectively compete with these non-banking finance companies at all times. Further, changes in the banking sector
structure due to consolidation as well as entry of new competitors may lead to volatility and new challenges and may increase pressure
on banks to remain competitive.

Any changes in the banking structure in India,
including the entry of new banks, greater competition between existing players and improvement in the efficiency and competitiveness of
existing banks, may have an adverse impact on our business. Due to competitive pressures, we may be unable to successfully execute our
growth strategy or offer products and services at reasonable returns and this may adversely impact our business. See also “
Business—Competition
”.

In our international operations we also face competition
from the full range of competitors in the financial services industry, both banks and non-banks and both Indian and foreign banks. We
remain a small to mid-size player in the international market and many of our competitors have resources much greater than our own.

There is operational risk associated with the financial
industry which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business.

We, like all financial institutions, are exposed
to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions
by employees and third parties (including violation of regulations for prevention of corrupt practices, and other regulations governing
our business activities), misreporting or non-reporting with respect to statutory, legal or regulatory reporting and disclosure obligations,
or operational errors, including non-compliance with internal processes, clerical or recordkeeping and reconciliation errors or errors
resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems. We have experienced significant growth in a fast changing environment, and
management as well as our regulators are aware that this may pose significant challenges to our control framework. As a result of our
internal evaluations, we and our regulators have noted certain areas where our processes and controls could be improved. Our growth, particularly
in retail, small business and rural lending, our international business and our insurance businesses, and our extensive use of digital
technology, expose us to additional operational and control risks. Regulatory scrutiny of areas related to operational risk, including
internal audit information, systems and data processing is increasing. The large size of our treasury and retail operations, which use

39

Table of Contents

automated control and recording systems as well as manual checks and
recordkeeping, exposes us to the risk of errors in control, recordkeeping and reconciliation. The increasing size of our insurance business
and the complexities of the products expose us to the risk that the models set up on actuarial software to compute the actuarial liabilities
and deferred acquisition cost may contain errors or may require continuous improvement over a period of time. Given our high volume of
transactions, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. In addition, our dependence
upon automated systems to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws, employee tampering,
manipulation of those systems and deficiency in access control management will result in losses that are difficult to detect. We may also
be subject to disruptions of our operating systems, arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control (including, for
instance, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunication outages), which may give rise to deterioration in customer service and to
loss or liability to us.

We also outsource some functions, like collections,
sourcing of retail loans and management of ATMs to other agencies and hence we are also exposed to the risk that external vendors may
be unable to fulfil their contractual obligations to us (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective
employees as we are), and to the risk that our (or our vendors’) business continuity and data security systems prove not to be sufficiently
adequate. We also face the risk that the design of our controls and procedures proves inadequate, or is circumvented, thereby causing
delays in detection or errors in information. We are also exposed to operational risks from transactions with other financial institutions
and intermediaries. Although we maintain a system of controls designed to keep operational risk at appropriate levels, like all banks
and insurance companies we have suffered losses from operational risk and there can be no assurance that we will not suffer losses from
operational risks in the future that may be material in amount, and our reputation could be adversely affected by the occurrence of any
such events involving our employees, customers or third parties.

In addition, regulators or governmental authorities
or courts may also hold banks, including us, liable for losses on account of customer errors such as inadvertent sharing of confidential
account related information. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system especially of controls and procedures,
including the possibility of human error, circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures, in a fast changing environment or
when entering new areas of business or expanding geographic reach. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can
only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. We are committed to continuing to implement and improve internal
controls and our risk management processes, and this remains a key priority for us. If, however, we are unable to manage operational risk
in India and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate, or if we are perceived as being unable to manage such risk, we may be subject
to enhanced regulatory oversight and scrutiny. For a discussion of how operational risk is managed, see also “
Business—Risk
Management—Market Risk—Operational Risk
”.

Our failure to establish, maintain
and apply an adequate internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse affect on our reputation, business, financial
condition or results of operations.

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting

40

Table of Contents

and preparation and fair presentation of our published Indian GAAP consolidated
financial statements and disclosures relating to U.S. GAAP net income reconciliation, stockholders’ equity reconciliation and other
disclosures as required by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable GAAP. Our management is required to assess the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting and disclose whether such internal controls are effective. Our independent registered
public accounting firm has to conduct an audit to evaluate and then render an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. See “
Management
—Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices—Management’s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
”.

We have established internal controls over financial
reporting, as well as policies and procedures for evaluating those controls, in order to provide reasonable assurance of the reliability
of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements. However, these controls may not prevent or detect errors. Any
evaluation of effectiveness of future periods is subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. To the extent any issues are identified through the
foregoing processes, there can be no assurance that we will be able to resolve them in a timely manner or at all. If this occurs, our
reputation may be damaged, which could lead to a decline in investor confidence in us and may adversely affect our business, financial
conditions and results of operations.

We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations
in foreign exchange rates.

Certain of our borrowers enter into derivative
contracts to manage their foreign exchange risk exposures. Volatility in exchange rates may result in increased mark-to-market losses
in derivative transactions for our clients. Upon the maturity or premature termination of the derivative contracts, these mark-to-market
losses become receivables owed to us. Consequently, we become exposed to various kinds of risks including but not limited to credit risk,
market risk and exchange risk.

Exchange rates are impacted by a number of factors
including volatility of international capital markets, geo-political events, interest rates and monetary policy stance in developed economies
like the United States, level of inflation and interest rates in India, the balance of payment position and trends in economic activity.
Rising volatility in capital flows due to changes in monetary policy in the United States or other economies or a reduction in risk appetite
or increase in risk aversion among global investors and consequent reduction in global liquidity may impact the Indian economy and financial
markets. During fiscal 2022, several factors impacted the exchange rate including the second and third wave of the COVID-19 pandemic,
geo-political tensions due to the crisis in Ukraine and sanctions on Russia, and deterioration in economic conditions following a sharp
rise in global crude oil prices and increase in inflation in developed economies. The rupee depreciated to Rs. 75.87 per U.S. dollar at
March 31, 2022 from Rs. 73.17 per U.S. dollar at March 31, 2021.

As discussed
above, in the past, concerns over India’s current account deficit and changes in capital flows due to changes in U.S. monetary
policy have caused the rupee to depreciate against the U.S. dollar. The rupee depreciated to Rs. 82.19 per U.S. dollar at March 31,
2023. This was following the tightening of monetary policy by the U.S. Federal Reserve due to rising inflation concerns including
the failure of three regional banks in the U.S. and a bank in Europe; the

41

Table of Contents

ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on
Russia. Some of our borrowers with foreign exchange and derivative exposures may be adversely impacted by the depreciation of the rupee.
These include borrowers impacted by higher rupee denominated interest or principal repayment on unhedged foreign currency borrowings;
increases in the cost of raw material imports where there is limited ability to pass through such escalations to customers; and the escalation
of project costs due to higher imported equipment costs; and borrowers that may have taken adverse positions in the foreign exchange markets.
The failure of our borrowers to manage their exposures to foreign exchange and derivative risk, particularly adverse movements and volatility
in foreign exchange rates, may adversely affect our borrowers and consequently the quality of our exposure to our borrowers and our business
volumes and profitability.

Further, any increased intervention in the foreign
exchange market or other measures by the Reserve Bank of India to control the volatility of the exchange rate, may result in a decline
in India’s foreign exchange reserves and reduced liquidity and higher interest rates in the Indian economy. Prolonged periods of
volatility in exchange rates, reduced liquidity and high interest rates could adversely affect our business, our future financial performance
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. A sharp depreciation in the exchange rate may also impact some corporate borrowers having
foreign currency obligations that are not fully hedged.

An increase in non-performing or restructured assets
on account of our borrowers’ inability to manage exchange rate risk and any increased capital or provisioning requirement against
such exposures may have an adverse impact on our profitability, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. We have adopted
certain risk management policies to mitigate such risk. However, there is no assurance that such measures will be fully effective in mitigating
such risks.

We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions,
divest our existing businesses, or be required to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and could face integration and other
acquisitions risks.

We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions
or be required to undertake mergers mandated by the Reserve Bank of India under its statutory powers. In the past, we have undertaken
mergers and acquisitions. In some cases, the Reserve Bank of India has ordered mergers of weak banks with other banks primarily in the
interest of depositors of the weak banks. For example, the Government of India announced the amalgamation of 10 public sector banks into
four larger banks from April 2020 as part of a consolidation measure to create fewer banks that are individually larger in scale. We may
in the future examine and seek opportunities for acquisitions. Our subsidiaries in India may also undertake mergers, acquisitions and
takeovers in India or internationally.

We may also increase or reduce our shareholding
in our subsidiaries and affiliates, or divest other existing businesses wholly or partially, for a variety of reasons including changes
in strategic focus, redeployment of capital, contractual obligations and regulatory requirements. Mergers and acquisitions by our subsidiaries
could lead to reduction in our shareholding in such subsidiaries (including to below majority ownership in certain subsidiaries), and
under applicable law that may require us to reduce our shareholding to 30.0% or less, unless we receive regulatory and governmental approval
to maintain a higher level of shareholding, which may be subject to

42

Table of Contents

various conditions including divestment to the required level of 30.0%
within a specified timeframe. During fiscal 2022, following the completion of a previously announced all-stock merger by ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company, the Bank’s shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance decreased to 48.1%, and ICICI Lombard General
Insurance ceased to be a subsidiary of the Bank. To reduce its shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance to 30.0%, the Bank was
granted time until September 2023, which was further extended to September 2024. In May 2023, the Board of Directors of the Bank approved
an increase in shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, in multiple tranches up to 4.0% additional shareholding, to ensure
compliance with the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and make ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company a subsidiary of the Bank. This will
be subject to the receipt of necessary regulatory approvals.

At March 31, 2023, ICICI Bank held 74.85% of the
equity shares of its broking subsidiary, ICICI Securities Limited (ICICI Securities), and the balance 25.15% equity shares were held by
the public. In June 2023, the Board of Directors of the Bank approved the draft scheme of arrangement for delisting of equity shares of
our broking subsidiary, ICICI Securities Limited (“ICICI Securities”), by issuing equity shares of the Bank to the public
shareholders of ICICI Securities in lieu of cancellation of their equity shares in ICICI Securities, thereby making ICICI Securities a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, in accordance with Chapter VI, Part C, Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations,
2021, subject to receipt of requisite approvals from the shareholders and creditors of the Bank and ICICI Securities, Reserve Bank of
India, the National Company Law Tribunal, BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and other statutory and regulatory
authorities, under applicable law. Pursuant to the Scheme, public shareholders of ICICI Securities would be allotted 67 equity shares
of ICICI Bank for every 100 equity shares of ICICI Securities.

Any future acquisitions
or mergers or takeovers, whether by us or our subsidiaries, may involve a number of risks, Risks may include the possibility of a deterioration
of asset quality, quality of business and business operations, financial impact of employee related liabilities, and diversion of our
management’s attention required to integrate the acquired business. Risks may include the failure to retain key acquired personnel
and clients, leverage synergies or rationalize operations, or develop the skills required for new businesses and markets. We are also
at risk of liabilities including any ongoing litigation, claims or disputes concerning such acquisition, merger, its shareholders, share
capital or its legal and regulatory compliance obligations or practices. Some or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on our
business or that of our subsidiaries.

We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information
about customers and counterparties.

In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into
other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of customers and counterparties,
including financial statements and other financial information. We may also rely on certain representations as to the accuracy and completeness
of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of their independent auditors. For instance, in deciding whether
to extend credit, we may assume that a customer’s audited financial statements conform to generally accepted accounting principles
and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. Our financial
condition

43

Table of Contents

and results of operations could be negatively affected by relying on
financial statements that do not comply with generally accepted accounting principles or other information that is materially misleading.
According to data published by the Reserve Bank of India, frauds reported in the Indian banking sector have shown an increasing trend
in recent years, and the composition of the fraud amount reported is largely dominated by frauds related to loans and advances. In addition,
our access to information about the credit histories of our borrowers, especially individuals and small businesses, may be limited, relative
to what is typically available for similar borrowers in developed economies with more established nation-wide credit bureaus. This may
affect the quality of information available to us about the credit history of our borrowers, especially individuals and small businesses.
As a result, our ability to effectively manage our credit risk may be adversely affected.

A determination against us in respect of disputed tax
assessments may adversely impact our financial performance.

We are regularly assessed by the Government of
India’s tax authorities, and on account of outstanding tax demands we have included in contingent liabilities Rs. 82.5 billion in
additional taxes in excess of our provisions at March 31, 2023. These additional tax demands mainly relate to income tax, service tax,
goods and services tax, sales tax and value added tax demands by the Government of India’s tax authorities for past years. The amount
of Rs. 82.5 billion included in our contingent liabilities does not include further disputed tax assessments amounting to Rs. 34.9 billion,
of which Rs. 30.5 billion mainly relates to bad debts written off, broken period interest and penalties levied, where the possibility
of liability arising has been considered remote based on favorable Supreme Court of India decisions in own or other similar cases, and
Rs. 3.6 billion relating to error requiring rectification by tax authorities. See also “
Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
”.
Further, we are subject to various inquiries by the tax authorities through ongoing investigations/ notices which mainly consist of levy
of service tax on deemed services provided by banks to customers maintaining specified minimum balances in their deposit accounts and
denial of goods and services input tax credit on non-cashless settlements and marketing expenses in the case of our insurance subsidiary
and affiliate. These issues are industry wide issues and the ICICI Group is contesting these issues with the tax authorities. The tax
related inquiries are usually not included in contingent liabilities, as we believe that such proceedings will not be upheld by judicial
authorities. In one such matter, our life insurance subsidiary has received a show cause cum demand notice from the Directorate General
of Goods and Services Tax Intelligence in June 2023, disputing input tax credit being availed and utilised on certain expenses. The Group
believes that input tax credit utilised is in compliance with the provisions of applicable laws and is currently in the process of filing
its response to the said notice. Accordingly, an amount of Rs. 4.9 billion has been included in contingent liability in the period subsequent
to March 31, 2023.

We have contested all of these issues which are
the subject matter of investigations initiated or unfavorable orders issued by the tax authorities. While we expect that no additional
liability will arise out of these matters based on our consultations with tax counsel and favorable decisions in our own and other cases,
wherever applicable, there can be no assurance that these matters will be settled in our favor or that no further liability will arise
out of these demands. Any additional tax liability may adversely impact our financial performance and the prices of our equity shares
and ADSs.

44

Table of Contents

There could be a difference in the assessment of
our indirect tax liability which may lead to additional demand being raised subsequently by tax authorities. For instance, the service
tax authorities, in earlier years, had raised a demand on trusts for certain funds managed by ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited
(“ICICI Venture”), our private equity subsidiary, including in relation to the amounts retained by the trusts for incurring
various expenses, distribution of certain class of unit holders and provisions for certain expenses/losses. This matter is under litigation
in the High Court and is pending for resolution.

We are involved in various litigations. Any final judgment
awarding material damages against us could have a material adverse impact on our future financial performance and our stockholders’
equity.

We and our group companies, or our or their directors
or officers, are often involved in litigations (civil and criminal) in India and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate for a
variety of reasons, which generally arise because we seek to recover amounts due from borrowers or because customers seek claims against
us or disputes may arise in connection with banking services. In certain instances, former employees have instituted legal and other proceedings
against us. The majority of these cases arise in the normal course of business and we believe, based on the facts of the cases and consultation
with counsel, that these cases generally do not involve the risk of a material adverse impact on our financial performance or stockholders’
equity. We estimate the probability of losses that may be incurred in connection with legal and regulatory proceedings as of the date
on which our unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements are prepared. We recognize a provision when we have a present obligation
as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate
of the amount of the obligation can be made. We determine the amount of provision based on our estimate of the amount required to settle
the obligation at the balance sheet date, supplemented by our experience in similar situations. We review provisions at each balance sheet
date and adjust them to reflect current estimates. In cases where the available information indicates that a loss is reasonably possible
but the amount of such loss cannot be reasonably estimated, we make a disclosure to this effect in the unconsolidated and consolidated
financial statements. Whenever we consider it appropriate and the legal or regulatory guidelines so permit, we may seek to settle or compound
legal or regulatory proceedings through consensual process with the concerned claimant or regulator, which may entail monetary payment
or receipt or agreeing to non-monetary terms. When there is only a remote risk of loss, we do not recognize a provision nor do we include
a disclosure in the unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements. See also “
Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
”.
We cannot guarantee that the judgments in, or the outcomes of any of the litigation or other proceedings or of any settlement or compounding
of legal or regulatory proceedings in which we are involved would be favorable to us and if our assessment of the risk changes, our view
on provisions will also change.

Further, certain investors of a real estate investment
fund, registered in Mauritius, which is an investor in a real estate fund in India managed by ICICI Venture had initiated legal proceedings
in Mauritius alleging, among others, mis-selling and mismanagement. The court has stayed the proceedings against ICICI Bank and ICICI
Venture. In view of the stay, application for removal of averments/prayers against ICICI Bank and ICICI Venture was made, which was allowed
by the court. The plaintiffs subsequently filed an appeal against the order permitting removal of averments/prayers against ICICI Bank
and ICICI Venture.

45

Table of Contents

In the same matter, ICICI Venture after
receiving a notice from the Securities and Exchange Board of India, settled the matter with the Securities and Exchange Board of
India. However, one of the investors in the real estate investment fund, registered in Mauritius has filed a writ petition in the
Bombay High Court against, among others, the Securities and Exchange Board of India and ICICI Venture in respect of the settlement
order. In the said writ petition, no reliefs have been sought as against ICICI Venture. At present, the writ petition has not been
admitted and no notice to ICICI Venture has been issued by the Bombay High Court.
See also, “—Risks Relating to Our
Business—A determination against us in respect of disputed tax assessments may adversely impact our financial
performance.” and “Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”.

We continue to expand our branch network and any inability
to use these branches productively may have an adverse impact on our growth and profitability.

The Bank’s branch network in India increased
from 5,418 branches at March 31, 2022 to 5,900 branches at March 31, 2023. Although we plan to leverage our extensive geographical reach
to support growth in our business, our new branches typically operate at lower productivity levels, as compared to our existing branches.
See also “
—Risks Relating to Our Business—We may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions, divest our existing
businesses, or be required to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and could face integration and other acquisitions risks
”.
We also have a substantial branch network in rural and semi-urban areas and have also established branches in villages that did not have
any banking services. Any inability to achieve or substantial delays in achieving desired levels of deposits, advances and revenues from
the new branches would have an adverse impact on our growth and profitability and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

We depend on the knowledge and skills of our senior
management. Any inability to attract them and retain them and other talented professionals or any loss of senior management or other talented
professionals may adversely impact our business.

Our continued success depends in part on the continued
service of key members of our management team and our ability to continue to attract, train, motivate and retain highly qualified professionals.
This is a key element of our strategy and we believe it to be a significant source of competitive advantage. The successful implementation
of our strategy depends on the availability of skilled management, both at our head office and at each of our business units and international
locations, continuity in the service of our directors, executives and senior managers, and our ability to attract and train young professionals.

The appointment of individuals in certain positions
is subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals. Any stringent requirements by our regulator for appointing key members in the management
may require us to reorganize our management structure and may affect our ability to identify, hire and appoint suitable professionals
for various roles.

The loss of any member from our senior management,
including directors and key personnel, can have a material impact on our business, our financial performance, our stockholders’
equity, our ability to implement our strategy and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. If we or one of our business units or other
functions fail to staff operations appropriately, or lose one or more

46

Table of Contents

key senior executives or qualified young professionals and fail to replace
them in a satisfactory and timely manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our control and operational
risks, may be adversely affected. Likewise, if we fail to attract and appropriately train, motivate and retain young professionals or
other talent, our business may likewise be affected. We have recently made several changes to our human resource management practices,
including key performance indicators, unit-level operating flexibility and accountability and a shift from grades to functional designations
at senior levels, aimed at greater agility and synergy across the organization. There can be no assurance that these measures will be
successful in meeting the desired objectives.

A substantial portion of our compensation structure
for middle and senior management is in the form of employee stock options and dependent on the market price of our equity shares. We introduced
an employee stock unit scheme aimed primarily at up to the middle-level management employees pursuant to which, stock units will be issued
at the face value of Rs. 2.0 per unit, with phased vesting of units based upon the continuation of the employee. However, increased competition,
including the entry of new banks into an already competitive sector, may affect our ability to hire and retain qualified employees. See
also “
Business—Employees
”.

Future health epidemics or natural disasters could
impact our employees, including senior management. There can be no assurance that this would not impact our ability to manage or conduct
our business or the price of our equity shares and ADSs.

Risks relating to technology

The growing use of technology in banking and financial
services creates additional risks of competition, reliability and security.

Our business and our operations are heavily dependent
upon our ability to offer digital products and services and process large volumes of transactions. This has increased our reliance on
technology in recent years. Technology innovations in financial services require banks and financial services companies to continuously
develop new and simplified models for offering banking products and services. See also
“—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our
industry is very competitive and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.”

The growing demand for digital banking services,
accelerated in part due to the COVID-19 pandemic, has substantially increased the volume of transactions for the banking system, including
us. This has required banks to enhance their focus on the availability and scalability of their systems in the context of growing customer
dependence on digital transactions and increasing volumes of such transactions and may require additional investments. Any disruption
in service delivery could impact our business, our financial position and our reputation, and also lead to regulatory action including
imposing restrictions on business.

We face security risks, including denial of service
attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and
identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create
significant legal and financial exposure.

47

Table of Contents

Our businesses rely on our secure processing, transmission,
storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks and
in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. To access our products and services, our customers may use
personal smartphones, tablets, laptops, PCs, and other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems and subject to their own cybersecurity
risks. Given our reliance and focus on technology and presence in diverse geographies, our technologies, systems, networks, and our customers’
devices are subject to security risks and are susceptible to cyber-attacks (such as, denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities
or identity theft) that could negatively impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data pertaining to us or our customers,
which in turn may cause direct loss of money to our customers or to us, damage to our reputation and adversely impact our business and
financial results. Third parties with which we do business or that facilitate our business activities could also be sources of operational
and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints.

We, our customers,
regulators and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been
subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. These cyber-attacks include computer viruses, malicious or
destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or information, ransomware, advanced threats from large language models, improper
access by employees or vendors, attacks on personal email of employees, ransom demands to not expose security vulnerabilities in our
systems or the systems of third parties or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring,
misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information of ours, our employees, our customers or of third parties,
damage our systems or otherwise materially disrupt our or our customers’ or other third parties’ network access or business
operations. Like many other large global financial institutions, we have also experienced a few attacks pertaining to distributed denial
of services which were intended to disrupt customer access to our main portal. While our monitoring and mitigating controls were able
to detect and effectively respond to such incidents, there can be no assurance that these security measures will be successful
in the future. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify
or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.

We have a governance framework in place for security
and have implemented information security policies, procedures and technologies. However, considering that technology is currently in
a phase of rapid evolution and that the methods used for cyber-attacks are also changing frequently or, in some cases, are not recognized
until an actual attack, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches.
Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and could be held liable for any security
breach or loss.

Cybersecurity risks for banking organizations have
significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the use of the internet and telecommunications
technologies to conduct financial transactions. For example, cybersecurity risks may increase as we continue to increase our mobile-payment
and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. In addition, cybersecurity
risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates,
terrorist organizations,

48

Table of Contents

hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists
and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. Some of the newer technologies like quantum computing harnesses
the laws of quantum mechanics to solve problems that are too complex for classical computers. Encryption tools are used to secure online
communications between parties from any possible attackers. Such newer technologies could pose a threat to the existing encryption protocols
and could lead to unauthorized access to internal data. Even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise.
Targeted social engineering attacks and “spear phishing” attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult
to prevent. In such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, customers or other users of our systems to
disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients. Persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating
defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until
launched and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. The risk of a security breach caused by a cyber-attack at a
vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. Additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches
at third-party vendors with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. We could also face cybersecurity risks which
result in direct loss of money, as has happened with certain other banks in the past where their high value payment systems were compromised
resulting in direct monetary loss for the Bank. We also face risks where our customers could lose money because of cyber attacks, and
these could result in monetary as well as reputational risks for the Bank.

We also face indirect technology, cybersecurity
and operational risks relating to clients and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable
our business activities, including, for example, financial counterparties, regulators and providers of critical infrastructure such as
internet access and electrical power. As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and
technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes or
compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants,
including us. This consolidation, interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide
bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis.

Any third-party technology failure, cyber-attack
or other information or security breach, termination or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect transactions,
service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our business. Cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether
directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. Furthermore, the public perception that
a cyber-attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers
and third parties with whom we do business. Hacking of personal information and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious
reputational harm. A successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us serious negative consequences, including
our loss of customers and business opportunities, costs associated with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach;
significant business disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation, exposure, or destruction of our confidential information,
intellectual property, funds, and/or those of our customers; or damage to our computers or systems, and could result in a violation of
applicable privacy laws and other laws,

49

Table of Contents

litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss
of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and
could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.

Our customers could also be exposed to increased
phishing and vishing attacks that could result in a financial loss to them, and in turn lead to claims for compensation from the Bank
or reputation loss for the Bank.

System failures or system downtime could adversely
impact our business.

Given the large share of retail products and services
and transaction banking services in our total business, the importance of systems technology to our business has increased significantly.
Our business, financial, accounting, data processing systems or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or
become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as
surges in customer transaction volume, utility disruptions or failures, natural disasters, diseases pandemics, events arising from political
or social matters and terrorist attacks. While we have procedures to monitor for and prevent system downtime or failures, and to recover
from system failures in the event they occur, there is no guarantee that these procedures will successfully prevent a system failure or
allow us to recover quickly from a system failure. In the event that our data center is severely impacted, while we have a secondary disaster
recovery data center, recovery of some of our systems and services may be delayed, thereby adversely impacting our operations and customer
service levels. Any failure in our systems, particularly for retail products and services and transaction banking, could significantly
affect our operations and the quality of our customer service and could result in enhanced regulatory scrutiny and business and financial
losses that would adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. Regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing. See also
“
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance
environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.
”

Risks relating to our insurance subsidiary and
affiliate

Additional capital requirements of our insurance subsidiary
and affiliate or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding or make further investments in these companies as required may adversely
impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

At March 31, 2023, we owned 51.3% of the equity
shares of our life insurance subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, and 48.0% of the equity shares of our general insurance
affiliate, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company.

Although our insurance businesses are
profitable and we currently do not anticipate they would require capital, additional capital may be required to support the business
which may, among other reasons, arise due to regulatory requirements or increased opportunities for growth or changes in loss
experience and actuarial assumptions. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiary and affiliate—
Actuarial experience and other factors could differ from assumptions made in the calculation of life actuarial reserves and other
actuarial information” and “—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiary and affiliate—Loss reserves for our
affiliate’s general insurance business are based on estimates as to

50

Table of Contents

future claims liabilities and adverse developments relating to
claims could lead to further reserve additions and materially adversely affect the operation of our general insurance affiliate.”

Our insurance subsidiary and affiliate may also explore mergers and acquisitions which may lead to issuance of equity shares. Issuance
of additional equity shares for these or other reasons would reduce our shareholding, unless we invest additional capital in these businesses.
Our ability to invest additional capital in these businesses is subject to the Reserve Bank of India’s regulations on capital adequacy
and its guidelines on financial services provided by banks that prescribe limits for our aggregate investment in financial sector enterprises.
All such investments require prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India.

Any additional capital requirements of our insurance
companies, restrictions on our ability to capitalize them and a requirement that we reduce or increase our shareholding could adversely
impact their growth, our future capital adequacy, our financial performance and the prices of their equity shares and our equity shares
and ADSs. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Insurance
” and “
—Risks
relating to our insurance subsidiary and affiliate—While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can
be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability.
”

While our insurance businesses are an important part
of our business, there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability.

Our life insurance and general insurance businesses
are an important part of our business. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Insurance
”.
These businesses have experienced volatility in growth rates in the past and there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth
or profitability.

The Indian life insurance sector has experienced
significant regulatory changes in recent years. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Governing Insurance Companies
”.
The regulatory changes, apart from impacting the business strategy, have also resulted in reduced profit margins on life insurance products.
Our life insurance subsidiary’s growth and profitability depends on various factors, including the mix of products in its portfolio,
its relationship with various partners, regulatory changes and market movements. ICICI Bank is a corporate agent of its insurance subsidiary
and accounts for less than 15% of the business volumes of its life insurance subsidiary based on annualised premium equivalent for fiscal
2023. The life insurance subsidiary’s business is well-diversified across its product and distribution mix. While the subsidiary
has been making profits since fiscal 2010, there can be no assurance of the continued growth of the subsidiary’s business and profitability,
including the business generated by the Bank.

We conduct our general insurance business through
our general insurance affiliate, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company’s growth and profitability
depends on various factors, including the proportion of certain profitable products in its portfolio, the maintenance on its relationship
with key distribution partners and reinsurers, continuation of support by the Government of India of certain insurance schemes, regulatory
changes, climate change factors, changes to tax positions or judgements and market movements. There can be no assurance of the future
rates of growth in the insurance business. While this affiliate has been making profits since fiscal 2013, there can be no assurance of
the future profitability or rates of growth in the insurance business. See also “
—Risks relating to our

51

Table of Contents

insurance subsidiary and affiliate—Additional capital requirements
of our insurance entities or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding in these entities may adversely impact our business
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.”
 and “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Governing Insurance
Companies.
”

Further, the Insurance Regulatory Development Authority
of India has from time to time proposed changes to the regulations governing distribution of insurance products by corporate agents, including
banks. Any future regulatory changes or restrictions may require our insurance subsidiary and affiliate to change its distribution strategies,
which may result in increased costs and lower business volumes, as well as impacting ICICI Bank’s distribution of their products
and the associated fee income. A slowdown in growth in the Indian economy, the impact from any future catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics,
further regulatory changes or customer dissatisfaction with our insurance products could adversely impact the future growth of these businesses.
See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector— The enhanced supervisory and
compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal
”.
Any slowdown in these businesses could have an adverse impact on our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Actuarial experience and other factors could differ
from assumptions made in the calculation of life actuarial reserves and other actuarial information.

The assumptions our life insurance subsidiary makes
in assessing its life insurance reserves and computing other actuarial information may differ from what it experiences in the future.
These assumptions include the assessment of the long-term development of interest rates, investment returns, the allocation of investments
between equity, fixed income and other categories, persistency, mortality and morbidity rates, policyholder lapses, policy discontinuation
and future expense levels. In addition, there is a risk that the model used to estimate life and health insurance reserves based on such
assumptions could be incorrect.

Our life insurance subsidiary monitors its actual
experience of these assumptions and if any deviation from assumption is expected to continue in the longer term, it refines its long-term
assumptions. Changes in any such assumptions may lead to changes in the estimates of life and health insurance reserves and other actuarial
information. Such changes may also impact the valuation of our life insurance subsidiary by existing or potential investors, and the valuation
at which any future monetization of our shareholding in the life insurance subsidiary may take place, if at all.

While our life insurance subsidiary monitors its
experience and assumptions, events such as the COVID-19 pandemic are not anticipated in setting life insurance reserves. Higher claims
due to any such pandemic in the future would have an adverse impact on the earnings and net worth of the subsidiary.

Loss reserves for our affiliate’s general insurance
business are based on estimates as to future claims liabilities and adverse developments relating to claims could lead to further reserve
additions and materially adversely affect the operation of our general insurance affiliate.

52

Table of Contents

In accordance with the general insurance industry
practice and accounting and regulatory requirements, our general insurance company establishes reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses
related to its general insurance business. Reserves are based on estimates of future payments that will be made in respect of claims,
including expenses relating to such claims. The estimation of the loss reserves relies on several key actuarial steps and assumptions,
for example, selection of the actuarial methods by line of business, groupings of similar product lines and determination of underlying
actuarial assumptions like expected loss ratios, loss development factors, and loss cost trend factors. Such estimates are made on both
a case-by-case basis of claims that have been reported but not settled, based on the facts and circumstances available at the time the
reserves are established, as well as in respect of losses that have been incurred but not reported. These reserves represent the estimated
ultimate cost necessary to bring all pending claims to final settlement.

Reserves are subject to change due to a number
of variables which affect the ultimate cost of claims, such as changes in claims handling procedures, legal environment, social attitudes,
results of litigation, costs of repairs, changing trends in medical costs, minimum wages and other factors such as inflation and exchange
rates. Our general insurance company’s reserves for environmental and other latent claims are particularly subject to such variables.
The results of operations of our general insurance company depend significantly upon the extent to which its actual claims experience
is consistent with the assumptions it uses in setting the prices for products and establishing the liabilities for obligations for technical
provisions and claims. To the extent that its actual claims experience is less favorable than the underlying assumptions used in establishing
such liabilities, it may be required to increase its reserves, which may materially adversely affect its results of operations.

Established loss reserves estimates are periodically
adjusted in the ordinary course of settlement, using the most current information available to management, and any adjustments resulting
from changes in reserve estimates are reflected in current results of operations. Our general insurance company also conducts reviews
of various lines of business to consider the adequacy of reserve levels. Based on current information available and on the basis of internal
procedures, the management of our general insurance company considers that these reserves are adequate. However, because the establishment
of reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses is an inherently uncertain process, there can be no assurance that ultimate losses will
not materially exceed the established reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses and have a material adverse effect on the results
of operations of our general insurance company. Such adverse effect may also impact the valuation of our general insurance company by
existing or potential investors, and the valuation at which any future monetization of our shareholding in the general insurance company
may take place, if at all. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiary and affiliate—Additional capital
requirements of our insurance entities or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding in these entities may adversely impact
our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”.

The financial results of our insurance companies could
be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of a catastrophe.

Portions of our general insurance business may
cover losses from unpredictable events such as hurricanes, windstorms, epidemics, monsoons, earthquakes, fires, industrial explosions,
floods, riots and other man-made or natural disasters, including acts of terrorism, and epidemics

53

Table of Contents

or pandemics. The incidence and severity of these catastrophes in any
given period are inherently unpredictable. Although reserves are established after an assessment of potential losses relating to catastrophes
covered, there is no assurance that such reserves would be sufficient to pay for all related claims.

In addition, our life insurance subsidiary’s
business may incur losses due to increased mortality and morbidity claims of customers, affected by catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics.
In addition, catastrophes could result in losses in the investment portfolios of our life insurance subsidiary due to, among other reasons,
the failure of its counterparties to perform their obligations or significant volatility or disruption in the financial markets.

Our general insurance company’s operations
are exposed to claims relating to catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics. Continuing higher claims related to COVID-19 may adversely
impact the profitability of our general insurance company.

Although our insurance subsidiary and affiliate
monitor their overall exposure to catastrophes and epidemics and other unpredictable events in each geographic region and determine their
underwriting limits related to insurance coverage for losses from such events, the insurance subsidiary and affiliate generally seek to
reduce their exposure through the purchase of reinsurance, selective underwriting practices and by monitoring risk accumulation. Claims
relating to catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics in future may result in unusually high levels of losses and may require additional
capital to maintain solvency margins and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.

Risks Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares

You will not be able to vote your ADSs and your
ability to withdraw equity shares from the depositary facility is subject to delays and legal restrictions.

Our ADS holders have no voting rights, while holders
of our equity shares do have voting rights. The ceiling on voting rights for any individual holder of equity shares is 26.0% of the total
voting rights of a bank. See also “
Major Shareholders
”. If you wish, you may withdraw the equity shares underlying
your ADSs and seek to exercise your voting rights under the equity shares you obtain from the withdrawal. However, for foreign investors,
this withdrawal process may be subject to delays. For a discussion of the legal restrictions triggered by a withdrawal of the equity
shares from the depositary facility upon surrender of ADSs, see also “
Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities
”.

Your holdings may be diluted by additional
issuances of equity and any dilution may adversely affect the market prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

In August 2020, we raised Rs. 150.00 billion (US$
2.0 billion) of equity capital through a Qualified Institutions Placement. We may in the future conduct additional equity offerings
to fund the growth of our business. In addition, up to 10.0% of our issued equity shares from time to time, may be granted in accordance
with our Employees Stock Option Scheme and Employees Stock Unit Scheme. We constantly evaluate different financing options and any future
issuance of equity shares or ADSs or exercise of employee stock options that would dilute the positions of

54

Table of Contents

investors in equity shares and ADSs and could adversely affect the market
prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

You may be unable to exercise pre-emptive
rights available to other shareholders.

A company incorporated in India must offer its
holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership
percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless these rights have been waived by at least 75.0% of the company’s
shareholders present and voting at a shareholders’ general meeting. United States investors in ADSs may be unable to exercise
these pre-emptive rights for equity shares underlying ADSs unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”) is effective with respect to such rights or an exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act is available. Our decision to file a registration statement will depend on the costs and potential liabilities associated
with any such registration as well as the perceived benefits of enabling investors in ADSs to exercise their preemptive rights and any
other factors we consider appropriate at such time. To the extent that investors in ADSs are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights, their
proportional ownership interests in us would be reduced.

Your ability to sell in India any equity shares
withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion of rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency and the repatriation of
such foreign currency may be subject to delays if specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

ADS holders seeking to sell in India any equity
shares withdrawn upon surrender of ADSs, convert the rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency or repatriate such foreign
currency may need the Reserve Bank of India’s approval for each such transaction. See also “
Restriction on Foreign
Ownership of Indian Securities
”. We cannot guarantee that any such approval will be obtained in a timely manner or at terms
favorable to the investor. Because of possible delays in obtaining the requisite approvals, investors in equity shares may be prevented
from realizing gains during periods of price increases or limiting losses during periods of price declines.

Restrictions on reissuance and deposit of equity
shares in the depositary facility could adversely affect the price of our ADSs.

Under current Indian regulations, an ADS holder
who surrenders ADSs and withdraws equity shares may deposit those equity shares again in the depositary facility in exchange for
ADSs. An investor who has purchased equity shares in the Indian market may also deposit those equity shares in the ADS program. However,
the deposit of equity shares may be subject to securities law restrictions and the restriction that the cumulative aggregate number
of equity shares that can be deposited as of any time cannot exceed the cumulative aggregate number represented by ADSs converted into
underlying equity shares as of such time. Further, the number of equity shares that can be deposited in exchange of ADSs or the number
of reissuances of the ADSs may be restricted subject to any amendment in the overall size of the ADS program. These restrictions increase
the risk that the market price of our ADSs will be below that of the equity shares.

55

Table of Contents

The depositary facility pursuant to which the ADSs
are issued may be amended. Such amendment could include changes in the size of the ADS program. Any such amendment could adversely affect
the market price and liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs or adversely affect the ability to trade the ADSs.

Certain shareholders own a large percentage of
our equity shares and their actions could adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

At March 31, 2023, the Life Insurance Corporation
of India held 6.2% of our outstanding equity shares and SBI Mutual Fund along with other entities in the SBI Group held 7.7% of our outstanding
equity shares. See also “
Major Shareholders
”. Any substantial sale of our equity shares by these or other large shareholders
could adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. The Reserve Bank of India, in exercise of powers conferred by the Banking
Regulation Act has notified a ceiling on voting rights in a banking company for a single shareholder of 26.0%. Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas held 19.1% of our equity shares at March 31, 2023 and must vote these shares as directed by our Board of Directors.

Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely
affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

The Indian securities markets are smaller and more
volatile than securities markets in developed economies. In the past, the Indian stock exchanges have experienced high volatility and
other problems that have affected the market price and liquidity of the listed securities, including temporary exchange closures, broker
defaults, settlement delays and strikes by brokers. Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020, the benchmark S&P
BSE Sensex declined during the three months ended March 31, 2020 by 28.6%. During this period, several listed securities were impacted,
including our securities. The index has subsequently recovered and at June 30, 2023, the S&P BSE Sensex closed at 64,719. Even before
the volatility caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, volatility in the Indian stock markets have created temporary concerns regarding our exposure
to the equity markets. In recent years, there have been changes in laws and regulations regulating the taxation of dividend income, which
have impacted the Indian equity capital markets. See also “
Dividends
”. Similar problems or changes in the future could
adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

Settlement of trades of equity shares on Indian
stock exchanges may be subject to delays.

The equity shares represented by ADSs are currently
listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. Settlement on those stock exchanges may be subject to
delays and an investor in equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility upon surrender of ADSs may not be able to settle trades
on such stock exchanges in a timely manner. See also “
—Risks Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares—Conditions in the
Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.
”

Because the equity shares underlying ADSs are
quoted in rupees in India, you may be subject to potential losses arising out of exchange rate risk on the Indian rupee.

Investors who purchase ADSs are required to pay
for ADSs in U.S. dollars and are subject to currency fluctuation risk and convertibility risks since the equity shares underlying ADSs
are

56

Table of Contents

quoted in rupees on the Indian stock exchanges on which they are listed.
Dividends on the equity shares will also be paid in rupees and then converted into U.S. dollars for distribution to ADS investors. Investors
who seek to convert the rupee proceeds of a sale of equity shares withdrawn upon surrender of ADSs into foreign currency and repatriate
the foreign currency may need to obtain the approval of the Reserve Bank of India for each such transaction. See also “
—Risks
Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares—Your ability to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion
of rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency and the repatriation of such foreign currency may be subject to delays if
specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India is required
” and “
Exchange Controls
”.

You may be subject to Indian taxes arising
out of capital gains.

In certain circumstances, capital gains arising
on the sale of the underlying equity shares are subject to Indian capital gains tax. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors
and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning ADSs or underlying equity shares. See also “
Taxation—Indian
Tax
”.

There may be less company information available
in Indian securities markets than in securities markets in the United States.

There
is a difference between India and the United States in the level of regulation and monitoring of the securities markets and the activities
of investors, brokers and other market participants. The Securities and Exchange Board of India is responsible for improving disclosure
and regulating insider trading and other matters for the Indian securities markets. There may however, be less publicly available information
about Indian companies than is regularly made available by public companies in the United States.

57

Table of Contents

MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS

Shareholding Structure and Relationship with Government of India

The following table sets forth, at June 30, 2023,
certain information regarding the ownership of our equity shares.

Percentage of Total Equity Shares Outstanding   Number of Equity Shares Held
Government Controlled Shareholders:
Life Insurance Corporation of India   6.1   429,892,591
Other Government-controlled institutions, insurance companies, reinsurers, corporations and banks   0.7   50,314,193
Total government-controlled shareholders   6.9   480,206,784
Other Indian Investors:
SBI Mutual Fund   5.9   410,693,963
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   3.0   210,909,032
HDFC Mutual Fund   2.4   170,813,777
National Pension Scheme Trust   2.1   145,419,837
UTI Mutual Fund   1.9   134,956,158
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund   1.3   94,180,586
Kotak Mahindra Mutual Fund   1.3   89,932,811
Nippon Life India Mutual Fund   1.2   83,381,375
Axis Mutual Fund   1.0   71,358,162
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited   1.2   81,786,288
Mirae Asset Mutual Fund   1.1   76,125,930
Other mutual funds and alternative investment funds   4.9   345,191,481
Private sector insurance companies other than SBI Life Insurance Company   2.3   158,507,276
Other private sector corporations and financial institutions   1.2   87,109,402
Investor education protection fund   0.1   8,185,782
Individual domestic investors (1),(2)   6.4   447,603,052
Total other Indian investors   37.4   2,616,154,912
Total Indian investors   44.3   3,096,361,696
Foreign investors:
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as depositary for American Depositary Shares (ADS) holders   19.3   1,352,219,913
Government of Singapore   2.7   189,100,025
Dodge and Cox International Stock Fund   1.1   80,206,480
Europacific Growth Fund   1.0   73,046,757
Other foreign institutional investors, foreign banks, overseas corporate
    bodies, foreign companies, foreign nationals, foreign institutional investors and non-resident Indians (2)   31.5   2,205,715,551
Total foreign investors   55.7   3,900,288,726
Total   100.0   6,996,650,422

(1)   Executive officers and directors (including non-executive directors) as a group held about 0.01% of ICICI Bank’s equity shares
at June 30, 2023.

(2)   No single shareholder in this group owned 5.0 %
or more of ICICI Bank’s equity shares as of this date.

58

Table of Contents

The holding of government-controlled shareholders
was 6.9% at June 30, 2023 against 7.6% at June 30, 2022 and 7.0% at June 30, 2021. The holding of Life Insurance Corporation of India
was 6.1% at June 30, 2023 against 6.7% at June 30, 2022 and 5.9% at June 30, 2021.

We operate as an
autonomous commercial enterprise and the Indian government  has never directly held any of our shares. We are
not aware of or a party to any shareholders’ agreement or voting trust relating to the ownership of the shares held by the government-controlled
shareholders. We do not have any agreement with our government-controlled shareholders regarding management control, voting rights, anti-dilution
or any other matter. Our Articles of Association include a provision for the government of India to appoint, pursuant to the provisions
of guarantee agreements between the government of India and ICICI, a representative to our Board. At present, there is no representative
of the government of India on our Board. At June 30, 2023, we do not have government guaranteed borrowings outstanding. See also
“Management—Directors
and Executive Officers
” for a discussion of the composition of our Board of Directors.

The holding of other Indian investors was 37.4%
at June 30, 2023 against 38.9% at June 30, 2022 and 33.5% at June 30, 2021. The total holding of Indian investors was 44.3% at June 30,
2023 against 46.5% at June 30, 2022 and 40.5% at June 30, 2021. The holding of foreign investors was 55.7% at June 30, 2023 against 53.5%
at June 30, 2022 and 59.5% at June 30, 2021. The Reserve Bank of India, exercising its powers under the Banking Regulation Act has established
a limit of 26% on the voting rights of a single shareholder in a banking company. Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas holds the equity
shares represented by about 676 million American Depositary Receipts outstanding as depositary on behalf of the holders of the American
Depositary Shares (ADS). The ADS are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (as depositary) which
held 19.3% of our equity shares at June 30, 2023, must vote these shares as directed by our Board of Directors. Our ADS holders themselves
have no voting rights unlike holders of our equity shares who have voting rights. Except as stated above, no shareholder has differential
voting rights. See also
“Supervision and Regulation—Structural Reforms— Amendments to the Banking Regulation Act
”
and “
Supervision and Regulation—Ownership and Voting Restrictions
”.

59

Table of Contents

Related Party Transactions

In fiscal 2023, we entered into transactions with related parties consisting
of (i) associates/other related entities and (ii) key management personnel and their close family members.

Related Parties

Associates/Other Related Entities

For fiscal 2023, the following parties were identified
as our associates/other related entities: ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, Arteria Technologies Private Limited, India
Advantage Fund-III, India Advantage Fund-IV, India Infradebt Limited, ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited, I-Process Services (India)
Private Limited, NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited, Comm Trade Services Limited, ICICI Foundation for
Inclusive Growth and Cheryl Advisory Private Limited.

Key Management Personnel and their Close Family Members

Our key
management personnel include our executive directors. The following individuals were our key management personnel in fiscal 2023: Mr.
Sandeep Bakhshi, Mr. Anup Bagchi, Mr. Sandeep Batra, Mr. Rakesh Jha (with effect from September 2, 2022) and Ms. Vishakha Mulye (up to
May 31, 2022). The close family members of the above key management personnel are also our related parties. Close family members in relation
to the executive directors mean their spouses, children, children’s spouses, grand children, grand children’s spouses, siblings,
sibling’s spouses, parents, maternal grandparents and paternal grandparents. We have applied the Indian GAAP standard and Reserve
Bank of India Act, 1934 in determining the close family members of the executive directors.

Related Party Transactions

The following are the material transactions between
us and our associates/other related entities or our key management personnel or their close family members.

For additional details, see also “
Management—Compensation
and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Loans
” and note 2 - “
Related Party Transactions
” of Schedule
18 to the consolidated financial statements included herein.

Insurance Services

During
fiscal 2023, we received insurance premiums from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 55 million, from key management
personnel of the Bank amounting to Rs. 3 million and from the close family members of key management personnel amounting to Rs. 1 million.
The premiums received were towards cover for life insurance and investment linked insurance plans. The material transactions during fiscal
2023 included Rs. 54 million of premium received from ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

During
fiscal 2023, we paid insurance premiums amounting to Rs. 3.5 billion to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. The premiums
paid were towards cover for health insurance, personal accident and miscellaneous items.

During
fiscal 2023, we paid claims including maturity, annuity and policy surrender value to our associates/other related entities amounting
to Rs. 19 million and to key management personnel of the

60

Table of Contents

Bank amounting to Rs.
1 million. The material
transactions during fiscal 2023 included Rs. 16 million paid to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

During
fiscal 2023, we received claims towards health, personal accident, fire, motor and other miscellaneous items amounting to Rs. 163 million
from ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Income from services rendered

During
fiscal 2023, we earned income from services rendered to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 1.4 billion, from key
management personnel of the Bank amounting to Rs. 1 million and from the close family members of key management personnel amounting to
Rs. 2 million. These transactions primarily arose from marketing and promotion fee, sponsorship and banking service fee, arranger fees
and bank charges. The material transactions during fiscal 2023 included Rs. 1.3 billion of income from services received from ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited.

Income from Shared Services

During fiscal 2023, we recovered cost towards sharing
of premises, corporate infrastructure facilities and technology services from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 327
million. The material transactions during fiscal 2023 included recovery of Rs. 262 million from ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited and recovery of Rs. 37 million from ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth.

Expenses for shared services and
other payments

During fiscal 2023, we paid cost towards sharing
of premises, corporate infrastructure facilities and technology services to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 1 million.

Expenses for services received

During
fiscal 2023, we paid brokerage, fees and other expenses to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 15.7 billion. These
transactions primarily pertain to availing manpower services for certain activities of the Bank and expenses towards providing basic
banking services. The material transactions during fiscal 2023 included Rs. 10.4 billion in expenses for services paid to I-Process Services
(India) Private Limited and Rs. 5.2 billion in expenses for services paid to ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited.

Investments in Securities Issued by Related Parties

During
fiscal 2023, we invested Rs. 1.9 billion in securities issued by India Infradebt Limited.

Issuance of Securities to Related Parties

During
fiscal 2023, we issued securities amounting to Rs. 1.0 billion to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Redemption/buyback of Investments

During
fiscal 2023, we paid Rs. 1.6 billion to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited on account of redemption of bonds.

61

Table of Contents

Purchase of Investments

During
fiscal 2023, we purchased securities of Rs. 1.6 billion from ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Interest Expenses

During
fiscal 2023, we paid interest on bond borrowings and deposits accepted to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 205
million, to our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 15 million and to the close family members of key management personnel amounting
to Rs. 5 million. The material transactions during fiscal 2023 included Rs. 141 million of interest paid to ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited and Rs. 26 million of interest paid to ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited.

Interest Earned

During
fiscal 2023, we received interest on investments in bonds and loans from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 435 million
and from our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 3 million. The material transaction during fiscal 2023 included Rs. 421 million
of interest received from India Infradebt Limited.

Purchase of Fixed assets

During
fiscal 2023, we purchased fixed assets from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 3 million.

Dividend Income

During
fiscal 2023, we received dividend income from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 2.3 billion. The material transaction
during fiscal 2023 was Rs. 2.2 billion of dividend received from ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Gain/(loss) on Foreign Exchange and Derivative
Transactions (Net)

During
fiscal 2023, we earned income on foreign exchange and derivative transactions from ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited amounting
to Rs. 51 million.

CSR related reimbursement of expenses

During
fiscal 2023, we reimbursed expenses to ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth amounting to Rs. 4.4 billion for corporate social responsibility
related activities.

Dividend Paid

During
fiscal 2023, we paid dividends to our key management personnel, amounting to Rs. 3.2 million and to the close family members of key management
personnel, amounting to Rs. 0.7 million.

Value of ESOPs exercised

During
fiscal 2023, our key management personnel exercised ESOPs amounting to Rs. 306 million. The value of ESOPs exercised during fiscal 2023
by Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi was Rs. 27 million, by Mr. Anup

62

Table of Contents

Bagchi was Rs. 183 million, by Mr. Sandeep Batra was Rs. 22 million
and by Ms. Vishakha Mulye was Rs. 74 million.

Sale of Investments

During
fiscal 2023, we sold securities to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 31.7 billion. The material transactions during
fiscal 2023 included Rs. 24.6 billion of securities sold to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Rs. 7.0 billion of securities
sold to India Infradebt Limited. Sale of securities included government securities and corporate bonds/debentures in secondary market.

Donations Given

During
fiscal 2023, we gave donations to ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth amounting to Rs. 565 million.

Sale of Fixed assets

During
fiscal 2023, we sold fixed assets to our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 0.2 million.

Related Party Balances

The following
table sets forth, at the date indicated, our balance payable to/receivable from our associates/other related entities:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2023
(in million)
Deposits from related parties held by us   Rs.   2,603
Payables to related parties   3,717
Our investments in related parties   24,864
Investments of related parties in the Group   1,600
Loans and advances to related parties (2)   191
Receivables from related parties   1,539
Guarantees issued by us for related parties   63

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the balance payable to/receivable from the key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2023
(in million)
Deposits from key management personnel   Rs.   261
Payables to key management personnel   0.4
Investments in our shares held by key management personnel   1
Loans and advances to key management personnel (3)   86

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the balance payable to/receivable from the close family members of key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2023
(in million)
Deposits from close family members of key management personnel   Rs.   96
Payables to close family members of key management personnel   1

63

Table of Contents

Items   At year-end fiscal 2023
(in million)

Investments in our shares held by close family members of key management personnel   0.2
Loans and advances to close family members of key management personnel (2)   0.4

The following table sets forth, for the period
indicated, the maximum balance payable to/receivable from the key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2023
(in million)
Deposits from key management personnel   Rs.   421
Payables to key management personnel   0.4
Investments in our shares held by key management personnel   2
Loans and advances to key management personnel (3)   139

The following table sets forth, for the period
indicated, the maximum balance payable to/receivable from the close family members of key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2023
(in million)
Deposits from close family members of key management personnel   Rs.   267
Payables to close family members of key management personnel   1
Investments in our shares held by close family members of key management personnel   0.3
Loans and advances to close family members of key management personnel (2)   2

(1)   Insignificant amount.

(2)   The loans and advances (a) were made in the ordinary course of business, (b) were made on substantially the same terms, including
interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons, and (c) did not involve
more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features.

(3)   The loans and advances (a) were made in the ordinary course of business and were made on substantially the same terms, including interest
rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons or (b) were made on the same terms,
including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for other employees as part of employee loan scheme, and (c)
did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features.

Joint Ventures and Affiliates

From fiscal 2008, I-Process Services (India) Private
Limited and NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited were accounted as equity affiliates in consolidated financial
statements.

From fiscal 2010, ICICI Merchant Services Private
Limited was accounted as an equity affiliate in the consolidated financial statements.

From fiscal 2013, India Infradebt Limited was accounted
as an equity affiliate. From fiscal 2015, India Advantage Fund-III and India Advantage Fund-IV were accounted as equity affiliates. From
fiscal 2019, Arteria Technologies Private Limited was accounted as an equity affiliate. From April 1, 2021, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited ceased to be a subsidiary and was accounted as an equity affiliate.

64

Table of Contents

Business

Overview

We are a diversified financial services group offering
a wide range of banking and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery channels. Apart from banking
products and services, we offer life and general insurance, asset management, securities broking, and private equity products and services
through our specialized subsidiaries and affiliates. Our consolidated total assets at year-end fiscal 2023 were Rs. 19,584.9 billion.
Our consolidated capital and reserves and surplus including employees’ stock options outstanding at year-end fiscal 2023 were Rs.
2,145.0 billion and our consolidated net profit (after minority interest) for fiscal 2023 was Rs. 340.4 billion.

Our primary business consists of commercial banking
operations for retail and corporate customers. Our commercial banking operations for retail customers consist of retail lending, deposit
taking, distribution of insurance and investment products and other fee-based products and services. We provide a range of commercial
banking products and services, including loan products, fee and commission-based products and services, deposit products and foreign exchange
and derivatives products to large corporations, middle market companies and small and medium enterprises. We also offer agricultural and
rural banking products. We earn interest and fee income from our commercial banking operations. We deliver our products and services through
a variety of channels, including bank branches, ATMs, call centers, internet and mobile phones. We had a network of 5,900 branches and
16,650 ATMs and cash recycler machines in India at year-end fiscal 2023.

Our international franchise focuses on four strategic
pillars, namely the (a) non-resident Indian ecosystem comprising deposits, remittances, investments and asset products; (b) multinational
corporation ecosystem comprising foreign multinational companies investing in India, Indian companies present in overseas markets, and
back-offices of multinational companies located in India; (c) trade ecosystem, comprising primarily India-linked trade transactions; and
(d) funds ecosystem, to capture foreign investment flows into India . At year-end fiscal 2023, we had banking subsidiaries in the United
Kingdom and Canada, branches in China, Singapore, Dubai International Finance Centre, Hong Kong, the United States (New York),Bahrain,
Offshore Banking Unit located in the Santacruz Electronic Exports Promotion Zone, Mumbai and IFSC Banking Unit, Gandhinagar, Gujarat.
At year-end fiscal 2023, we had representative offices in the United Arab Emirates (Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah), Bangladesh, Nepal,
Malaysia, United States (Texas and California), Sri Lanka and Indonesia. Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom has a branch in Germany.
See also “
Risk factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The exposures of our international branches and banking subsidiaries
could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
”.

Our treasury operations include the maintenance
and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign exchange and derivatives
products and services for corporate customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps.

We are also engaged in insurance, asset management,
securities broking business and private equity fund management through specialized subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company, provide a wide range of life insurance and asset management products
respectively.

Our affiliate, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited provides a wide range of general insurance products. The Bank’s holding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited was 48.0% at March 31, 2023. In May 2023, the board of directors of ICICI Bank Limited approved acquisition of up to 4.0% of ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's shareholding, to make it a subsidiary of the Bank, subject to regulatory approvals.

65

Table of Contents

Our subsidiary ICICI Securities Limited is engaged
in equities underwriting, securities broking and distribution of financial products. Our subsidiary ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Limited is engaged in underwriting and primary dealership of government securities. Our private equity fund management subsidiary ICICI
Venture, manages funds that make private equity investments. On June 29, 2023, the boards of directors of ICICI Bank Limited and ICICI
Securities Limited approved a draft scheme of arrangement for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities Limited by issuing equity
shares of ICICI Bank to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities Limited in lieu of cancellation of their equity shares in ICICI Securities
Limited, thereby making ICICI Securities a wholly-owned subsidiary of ICICI Bank Limited, subject to requisite approvals. The public shareholders
of ICICI Securities Limited will be allotted 67 equity shares of ICICI Bank Limited for every 100 equity shares of ICICI Securities Limited.

Our legal name is ICICI Bank Limited, but we
are known commercially as ICICI Bank. We were incorporated on January 5, 1994 under the laws of India as a limited liability corporation.
The duration of ICICI Bank is unlimited. Our principal corporate office is located at ICICI Bank Towers, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai
400 051, India, our telephone number is +91 22 2653 6173 and our website address is
www.icicibank.com
.

None of the contents of our and our subsidiaries’ websites are incorporated in this annual report. Our agent for service
of process in the United States is Mr. Akshay Chaturvedi, Country Head, ICICI Bank Limited, New York Branch, 575 Fifth Avenue, 26
th

floor, Suite 2600, New York, New York 10017.

History

ICICI was formed in 1955 at the initiative of the
World Bank, the Government of India and Indian industry representatives. The principal objective was to create a development financial
institution for providing medium-term and long-term project financing to Indian businesses. Until the late 1980s, ICICI primarily focused
its activities on project finance, providing long-term funds to a variety of industrial projects. With the liberalization of the financial
sector in India in the 1990s, ICICI transformed its business from a development financial institution offering only project finance to
a diversified financial services provider that, along with its subsidiaries and other group companies, offered a wide variety of products
and services. ICICI Bank was incorporated in 1994 as a part of the ICICI group. ICICI and ICICI Bank merged in 2002.

Strategy

In fiscal 2023, we maintained our strategic focus
on profitable growth in business within the guardrails of risk and compliance. We grew our credit portfolio with a focus on granularity
and saw healthy growth across our retail and business banking and wholesale portfolios. We continued to focus on holistically serving
our clients and their ecosystems. We sought to maintain and enhance our liability franchise. We focused on maintaining a strong balance
sheet, with robust liquidity, prudent provisioning and healthy capital adequacy. Our capital adequacy ratios were significantly above
regulatory requirements at March 31, 2023.

Going forward, we will continue with our strategic
focus on growing the profit before tax excluding treasury income i.e. the core operating profit less provisions in a risk-calibrated
manner. Our Risk Appetite and Enterprise Risk Management framework sets out our risk appetite, including a limit framework for various
risk categories. We will focus on growing our loan portfolio in a granular manner based on risk and reward, with focus on return of capital
and containment of provisions within targeted levels. We have no specific targets for loan mix or segment-wise loan growth. We will aim
to continue to grow our deposit franchise,  maintain a stable and healthy funding profile and our competitive advantage in cost of funds.

We see significant opportunities for profitable
growth across various sectors of the Indian economy.

66

Table of Contents

The key elements of our strategy to maximize our share
of these opportunities are:

360-degree customer centric approach

We leverage our branch network, digital channels,
partnerships and presence across various ecosystems to expand our customer base. Using ICICI STACK, the Bank offers solutions to its customers
to suit their life-stage and business needs. We plan to continue to focus on maximizing the total life-cycle value of the relationship
with the customer.

Focus on ecosystems

We aim to serve all financial requirements of customers
and their ecosystems. Using ICICI STACK for Corporates, we offer customized solutions to corporates and their network of employees, vendors,
dealers and other parts of their ecosystems. We focus on capturing the fund flows in the corporate’s supply chain with dealers and
vendors by offering various digital solutions. Our ecosystem branches house multi-functional teams required to grow customer relationships
and bring the entire bouquet of services of the Bank to clients and their ecosystems. Our “Merchant Stack” provides a wide
range of banking and value added services to the merchant ecosystem comprising retailers, online businesses and large e-commerce firms.

Focus on micro markets

The Bank follows a micro-market-based approach
to create an efficient distribution and resource allocation strategy. Our data analytics capabilities enable us to analyze relevant geographical,
demographic and economic data combined with internal data to identify locally relevant opportunities. This also includes allocating appropriate
resources and strengthening the branch network where required.

Internal cross-functional collaboration and
external partnerships

The Bank has focused on increasing collaboration
to provide solutions that meet the complete banking requirements of customers. Cross-functional teams have been created to tap into various
ecosystems, enabling 360-degree coverage of customers and increasing wallet share.

Partnerships with technology companies and platforms
with large customer bases and transaction volumes offer unique opportunities for acquiring new customers and enhancing service delivery
and customer experience. We have also set up a start-up investment and partnerships team to collaborate with and invest in fintech startups
and co-develop products aligned with our digital roadmap.

Process decongestion and operating flexibility

Our strategy emphasizes decongestion of internal
process to make customer onboarding and service delivery frictionless, thereby improving the customer experience. We have reduced the
layers of management in our organization structure and empowered operating teams, to create flexibility and agility in capturing business
opportunities while operating within the guardrails of compliance and risk.

Leveraging technology and digital across businesses

The Bank has embarked on a journey to transform
from
Bank to Bank
Tech
, with a focus on creating an enterprise architecture framework across digital platforms, data
and analytics, micro services based architecture, cloud computing, cognitive intelligence and other emerging technologies. This is based
on

67

Table of Contents

the key pillars of scalability, modularity, flexibility, agility, resilience
and reliability, and creating delightful and digitally native customer experiences to enable sustainable profitable growth.

We extensively leverage data analytics for deeper
insights into customer needs and behavior and create unique propositions for customer and market segments. Our various digital platforms
such as iMobile Pay, internet banking platforms, InstaBIZ and Trade Online provide end-to-end seamless digital journeys, personalized
solutions and value added features to customers and enable effective data driven cross-sell and up-sell. The open architecture feature
of iMobile Pay and InstaBIZ helps us to acquire new customers in a frictionless manner. We have taken a number of initiatives to offer
a convenient and frictionless experience to customers by digitizing the credit underwriting process, with instant loan approvals. We will
continue to enhance our cyber security and invest in technology to enhance our offerings to customers as well as the scalability, flexibility
and resilience of our technology architecture.

Risk and compliance culture

The Bank recognizes the importance of establishing
an effective framework and supporting processes so that all employees seek to exhibit desired behaviours aligned to the Risk and Compliance
Culture Policy. The Bank aims to uphold a strong risk and compliance culture throughout the Bank. The Risk and Compliance Culture Policy
establishes the risk and compliance culture guiding principles and the framework for implementation of the same. The Bank has identified
five guiding principles for risk and compliance culture across the organization:

i)   Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank,

ii)   One Bank, One Team,

iii)   Return of Capital is Paramount,

iv)   Agile Risk Management,

v)   Compliance with Conscience.

The effective implementation of the policy includes
a governance framework with roles and responsibilities of the Board, Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and Executive Directors
and the Risk and Compliance Culture Council.

We are focused on the principles of “Return
of Capital” emphasizing the need to conserve capital as paramount, “One Bank, One Team, One RoE” emphasizing the need
to maximize our share of the target opportunity across all products and services, and the principle of “Fair to Customer, Fair to
Bank” emphasizing the goal of delivering fair value to customers, while creating value for shareholders. The Bank-level core operating
profit and containing the total provisions within a certain level of core operating profit of the Bank are key performance indicators
for the Bank’s leadership team. We seek to sell products and offer services which meet societal needs and are in the interest of
our customers. We focus on building a culture where every employee upholds this principle and serves customers with humility. We aim to
be the trusted financial services provider of choice for our customers.

Overview of Our Products and Services

Commercial Banking for Retail Customers

Our commercial banking operations for retail customers
consist of retail lending and deposits, and fee based products and services like credit, debit and prepaid cards, depositary share accounts
and distribution of third party investment and insurance products.

Retail Lending Activities

68

Table of Contents

Our retail lending activities include home loans,
automobile loans, commercial business loans, personal loans, credit cards, consumer durable goods financing, loans against time deposits
and loans against securities. We also fund dealers who sell automobiles and commercial vehicles. Up to fiscal 2020, we reported business
banking and various products of our rural portfolio such as loans against jewellery, kisan credit card as a part of our retail lending
activities. From fiscal 2022, we started presenting business banking and products of rural portfolio separately.

Our suite of products and services for retail customers
includes savings, investment, credit and protection products, along with convenient payment and transaction banking services. Our retail
portfolio consists largely of secured lending, with growth based on proprietary data and analytics in addition to credit bureau checks.
Our deposit franchise enables us to offer competitive pricing. We also leverage our existing customer database for sale of key retail
asset products through cross-sell and up-sell. Our underwriting process involves a combination of key variables to assess the cash flow
and repayment ability of the customer like income, leverage, customer profile, affluence markers, credit bureau data and demographics.
We utilize multiple data points including liability and asset relationships, transaction behavior and bureau behavior along with proprietary
machine learning and statistical models for making credit decisions.

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
the breakdown of the Group’s gross retail finance portfolio.

At March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023
(Rs. in billions)   (% share)   (US$ in millions)
Home loans   Rs.   3,323.8   Rs.   3,782.8   62.9   %   US$   46,024
Automobile loans   406.5   499.8   8.3   6,081
Commercial business loans (1)   266.0   278.6   4.6   3,391
Others (2)   129.9   151.9   2.5   1,849
Total secured retail finance portfolio   4,126.2   4,713.1   78.3   57,345
Personal loans   632.8   883.2   14.7   10,745
Credit card receivables   254.7   384.2   6.4   4,674
Others (3)   26.7   34.9   0.6   425
Total unsecured retail finance portfolio   914.2   1,302.3   21.7   15,844
Total retail finance portfolio   Rs.   5,040.4   Rs.   6,015.4   100   %   US$   73,189

(1)   Includes commercial vehicles and construction equipment.

(2)   Includes two-wheeler loans, loan against securities and dealer financing.

(3)   Primarily includes dealer financing.

Home Loans

Our home loan portfolio
includes loans for purchase and construction of homes and by mortgaging residential or commercial properties. We also offer instant top-up
on home loans

to existing home loan customers. Our
policies for home loans are based on certain stipulated ratios such as the loan-to-value ratio and the ratio of fixed debt obligations
to a borrower’s income. The initial repayment term of home loans is 15 to 20 years with payments in the form of equal monthly installments.
The credit process includes cashflow assessment of the borrower as well as evaluating the property being mortgaged against the legal and
technical standards defined at the Bank.

We follow robust credit appraisal processes for
loan-against-property. The average loan-to-value ratios of the loan-against-property portfolio are lower compared to our home loan portfolio.
Lending is

69

Table of Contents

based on cash flows of borrowers and not just the value of the collateral.
We also provide loans to customers belonging to economically weaker sections and customers buying homes in the low-cost affordable housing
segment. Our initiatives to digitize the entire underwriting process with instant approvals have been one of the drivers of growth in
our home loan portfolio. See also
“Technology”
 and
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our
banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect
our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio
and our financial performance”.

Our home loans primarily have floating interest
rates linked to the repo rate of the Reserve Bank of India. Home loans are repaid in equated monthly installments over the tenor of the
loan. An increase in the repo rate will increase the interest rate on home loans and a decrease in the repo rate will decrease the interest
rate on home loans. When interest rates on home loans increase, the tenor of the loan is extended and in instances where this is not possible,
the equated monthly installments of the loan are increased. Borrowers are given options to increase their installments instead of tenure.
When interest rates on home loans decrease, the tenor of the loan is reduced leaving the equated monthly installments unchanged, unless
borrowers opt to reduce the installment amount.
See also “Risk factors
—
Our banking and trading activities are particularly
vulnerable to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed
income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance”.

We offer home loan products primarily in India
through ICICI Bank and our wholly owned subsidiary, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited. The loan portfolio of our housing finance subsidiary
includes home loans, loans-against-property and loans to developers among others. The loan portfolio of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited
increased by 21% from Rs. 145.0 billion at March 31, 2022 to Rs. 175.4 billion at March 31, 2023. The total assets under management, including
securitized assets, increased from Rs. 178.7 billion at March 31, 2022 to Rs. 220.4 billion at March 31, 2023. ICICI Home Finance Company
Limited raises funds through term loans from banks (including external commercial borrowings), bonds and debentures, commercial papers,
fixed deposits and refinance from National Housing Bank. At March 31, 2023, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited had a branch network of
200 branches.

Our banking subsidiary in Canada offers residential
mortgages in the local market. ICICI Bank Canada held total residential mortgages amounting to CAD 3,741 million (Rs. 227.0 billion) at
year-end fiscal 2023 as compared to CAD 3,692 million (Rs. 223.3 billion) at year-end fiscal 2022. This includes mortgages of CAD 2,336
million (Rs. 141.7 billion) at year-end fiscal 2023 as compared to CAD 2,400 million (Rs. 145.2 billion) at year-end fiscal 2022 securitized
under the Canadian National Housing Act —Mortgage Backed Securities program or through participation in the Canada Mortgage Bonds
program. Further, the total residential mortgages also include conventional mortgages of CAD 1,356 million (Rs. 82.3 billion) at year-end
fiscal 2023 as compared to CAD 1,223 million (Rs. 74.0 billion) at year-end fiscal 2022 and insured mortgages of CAD 52 million (Rs. 3.2
billion) at year-end fiscal 2023 as compared to CAD 69 million (Rs. 4.2 billion) at year-end fiscal 2022.

Automobile loans

We finance the purchase of new and used automobiles.
Automobile loans are fixed rate products repayable in equal monthly installments. The interest rate is based on factors such as bureau
score, customer relationship, car segment and tenure of loan, among others, for new automobiles and asset age car segment coupled with
product variant like top-up or refinance, for used automobiles.

Commercial business loans

70

Table of Contents

We finance the purchase of commercial vehicles
and equipment. Commercial business loans are fixed rate products repayable in equal monthly installments. Our commercial business customers
include individuals to large fleet operators, contractors, hirers as well as captive customers. Our commercial vehicles portfolio is not
concentrated, with the top 20 customers contributing approximately 2.5% of the commercial vehicles portfolio at year-end fiscal 2023.

Personal loans and credit cards

We also offer
unsecured products such as personal loans and credit cards to our customers. Personal loans and credit card receivables have fixed
interest rates. We offer a range of instant personal loans and credit cards that are accessible entirely through our digital
channels. Our average personal loan size is about Rs 0.7 million with average tenor  about 4.5 years and average yields  about
12.0%.

Retail Deposits

Our retail deposit products include time deposits
and savings account deposits. We offer these products with special features targeted at specific customer segments such as high net worth
individuals, defense personnel, trusts and business owners. We also offer real-time account opening and activation to savings account
customers, through enhanced system-driven validations. We also offer corporate salary account products and current account (i.e., checking
accounts for businesses) products to our small enterprise customers, who maintain balances with us. At year-end fiscal 2023, we had a
debit card base of approximately 33 million cards compared to 37 million cards at year-end fiscal 2022. The decline was due to closure
of dormant and inactive accounts during fiscal 2023.

Fee-Based Products and Services

Through our distribution network, we offer various
products including Government of India savings bonds, sovereign gold bonds, insurance policies, bullion and public offerings of equity
shares and debt securities by Indian companies. We offer several card-based products such as credit cards, debit cards, prepaid cards,
travel cards and commercial cards. We also offer a variety of mutual fund products. We levy services charges on deposit accounts. We also
offer foreign exchange products to retail customers including sale of currency notes, traveler’s checks and travel cards. We also
facilitate retail inward remittances from foreign geographies.

As a depositary participant of the National Securities
Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited, we offer depositary share accounts to settle securities transactions
in a dematerialized mode. Further, we are one of the banks designated by the Reserve Bank of India for issuing approvals to non-resident
Indians and overseas corporate bodies to trade in shares and convertible debentures on the Indian stock exchanges and operating their
banking and custody accounts.

Retail lending for rural
customers

The Bank’s rural banking operations aim to
meet the financial requirements of customers in rural and semi-urban locations. Our products in this segment include working capital loans
for growing crops, financing of post-harvest activities, loans against gold jewellery along with personal loans, financing against warehouse
receipts, farm equipment loans and affordable housing finance and auto and two-wheeler loans. We also provide consumption loans for low-income
customers. We offer financial solutions to micro-finance institutions, self-help groups, co-operatives constituted by farmers, corporations
and medium enterprises engaged in agriculture-linked businesses. The rural banking

71

Table of Contents

portfolio of the Bank grew by 13.5% from Rs. 795.1 billion at year-end
fiscal 2022 compared to Rs. 902.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated,
the breakdown of the Bank’s gross rural finance portfolio.

At March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023
(in billion)   % share   (US$ in million)
Farmer finance 1   Rs.   241.0   Rs.   252.2   28.0   %   US$   3,068
Loans against jewellery   208.2   229.8   25.5   2,796
Rural business credit   193.8   231.5   25.7   2,816
Others 2   152.1   188.6   20.8   2,296
Rural advances   Rs.   795.1   Rs.   902.1   100   %   US$   10,976

1. Includes kisan credit card

2. Includes term loans for farm equipment, self-help
groups, loans to microfinance institutions for on-lending to individuals and inventory funding.

Our rural banking operations primarily focus on
four main ecosystems identified in the rural market, which include farmers, dealers, self-employed persons and micro-entrepreneurs.

The farmer ecosystem includes participants such
as farmers, seed producers, agri-input dealers, warehouses, agri-equipment dealers, commodity traders and agri processors. Products offered
include working capital loans through the kisan credit card and gold loan products, and term loans for farm equipment, dairy livestock
purchase and farm development. See also
“Selected Statistical Information—Loan Concentration—Directed Lending”.

The dealer ecosystem comprises dealers/distributors
of farm equipment, white goods, and pharmaceutical manufacturers. Similarly, the self-employed ecosystem comprises of rural entrepreneurs
who are engaged into trading and manufacturing activities based out of commercial and industrial areas in the rural market dealing with
both agriculture and non-agriculture related products. The micro-lending space includes women from the lower-income strata of the population,
non-government organizations and other institutions working at the grass-root level in the rural economy.

We have scaled-up funding of electronic negotiable
warehousing receipts, which provides an opportunity for farmers to access credit quickly and with ease. Farmers can use electronic negotiable
warehousing receipts to get loans against underlying commodities. This protects the farmers from volatility and gives opportunities to
avail better prices for their produce. Apart from meeting the financial requirements for business purposes, we also offer products to
meet the personal requirements of customers in the rural ecosystem.

Our reach in rural
areas comprises a network of branches, ATMs and field staff, and business correspondents providing last-mile access in remote areas.
As at year-end fiscal 2023, we had a network of 5,900 branches, of which 51.4% were in rural and semi-urban areas with 651 branches in
villages that were previously unbanked. As at March 31, 2023, we had  4,299 ATMs and cash recycler machines in rural areas. See also,

“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios
may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business”
. At year-end fiscal 2023, more than 9,500 customer
service points were enabled through our business correspondent network.

72

Table of Contents

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks that
arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are subject to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve
Bank of India, which may also involve buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall in meeting
these requirements may be required to be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability.
We may also experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality
of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.”

Commercial Banking for Small
and Medium Enterprises and Business Banking

Our business banking and small and medium enterprises
customers include proprietorship firms, partnership firms and public/private limited companies. We offer a wide spectrum of banking products
and solutions to address their evolving business needs. This involves customized offerings, faster turnaround time, transaction convenience,
timely access to capital and cross-border trade and foreign exchange. Our focus in this segment is on using digital channels and ensuring
granularity, obtaining adequate collateral and robust monitoring. More than 90% of our business banking portfolio has collateral covering
more than 100% of the outstanding value of the loan. The loans are generally secured by collateral in the form of property apart from
a charge on current assets. Our small and medium enterprise portfolio consists of enterprises with a turnover of up to Rs. 2.5 billion.
We offer a wide spectrum of banking products and solutions to small and medium enterprises to address their evolving business needs. This
involves customized offerings, faster turnaround time, transaction convenience, timely access to capital and cross-border trade and foreign
exchange. We offer digital solutions for on-boarding, payments and collections, lending and cross-border transactions. We focus on providing
parameterized and programme-based lending for small and medium enterprises, which is granular,  adequately-collateralized and
regularly monitored. The loans are generally secured by collateral in the form of property apart from a charge on current assets. The small
and medium enterprises portfolio of the Bank grew by 19.2% from Rs. 404.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 compared to Rs. 482.2 billion
at year-end fiscal 2023. The business banking portfolio grew by 34.9% from Rs. 534.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 compared to Rs. 721.1
billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

We are focused on growing this portfolio by leveraging
our distribution network and through various digital channels and platforms, tapping corporate ecosystems and ongoing efforts towards
process decongestion.

Following the COVID-19 pandemic, we have provided
financial assistance to clients based on various Government of India schemes, which includes providing moratorium on loan repayment and
emergency credit lines to eligible small and medium enterprise customers. We had disbursed about Rs. 204.6 billion to our retail and micro,
small and medium enterprises customers under the Government of India’s Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme until year-end fiscal
2023.

Commercial Banking for Corporate Customers

Our product suite for corporate customers includes
working capital and term loan products and transaction banking services, fee and commission-based products and services, deposits and
foreign exchange and derivatives products across trade, treasury, bonds, commercial papers, channel financing, supply chain solutions,
and various other activities. Our approach has been to deepen our partnership and support to clients through their life cycle. Our corporate
customer base includes top business houses, large and medium private and public sector companies, financial institutions, banks, non-bank
finance companies, private equity funds and financial sponsors. We have established relationships with multinational companies operating
in India, and financial sponsors, including private equity funds and their investee companies. We offer transaction banking services to
corporates to meet the day-to-day needs for smooth functioning of their businesses. The transaction banking services offered include

73

Table of Contents

account related services, payment and collection services, domestic
and cross border trade finance, working capital finance and supply chain finance. We offer integrated cash management and trade finance
solutions to our customers. Our transaction banking solutions are delivered to our customers through physical and digital channels and
a team of account managers. In addition to leveraging the physical branch network, we have expanded our capabilities for providing transaction
banking services to our customers from 211 locations at year-end fiscal 2022 to 225 locations at year-end fiscal 2023. Many of these expanded
branch capabilities are in the factory/township premises of certain large conglomerates in the country.

Corporate Loan Portfolio

Our corporate loan portfolio consists of term loan
products and working capital financing in the form of cash credit facilities, overdraft, demand loans and non-fund based facilities including
bill discounting, letters of credit and guarantees. The domestic corporate portfolio of the Bank grew by 20.7% from Rs. 1,903.6 billion
at year-end fiscal 2022 compared to Rs. 2,298.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. For further details on our loan portfolio, see “
Selected
Statistical Information—Loan Concentration
”. For a description of our credit rating and approval system, see “
—Risk
Management—Credit Risk
”.

We also provide financing by way of investment
in marketable instruments such as fixed rate and floating rate debentures. We generally have a security interest on the fixed assets of
the borrower although some of our financing is also extended on an unsecured basis.

Fee and Commission-Based Activities

We generate fee income through our lending, transaction
banking, syndication and foreign exchange related solutions provided to our corporate customers. We also offer our corporate customers
a wide variety of fee and commission-based products and services including documentary credits, standby letters of credit (called guarantees
in India), collection and payment of export/import bills and cash management services, including collection, payment and remittance services.

Further, we are one of the banks designated by
the Reserve Bank of India for issuing approvals to non-resident Indians and overseas corporate bodies to trade in shares and convertible
debentures on the Indian stock exchanges and operating their banking and custody accounts. We also offer services such as escrow, trust
and retention account facilities, online payment facilities, custodial services and tax filing and collection services on behalf of the
Government of India and the governments of Indian states.

At year-end fiscal 2023, total assets held in custody
on behalf of our clients (mainly foreign institutional investors, offshore funds, overseas corporate bodies and depositary banks for Global
Depository Receipts (“GDR”) investors were Rs. 19,566.0 billion. As a registered depositary participant of National Securities
Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited, the two securities depositaries operating in India, we also provide
electronic depositary facilities to investors.

Corporate Deposits

We offer a variety of deposit products to our corporate
customers including current accounts, time deposits and certificates of deposits. For more information on the type, cost and maturity
profile of our deposits, see
“Selected Statistical Information—Funding”
.

Foreign Exchange and Derivatives

We provide customer specific products and services,
which cater to risk hedging needs of corporations at domestic and international locations, arising out of currency and interest rate fluctuations.

74

Table of Contents

The products and services include:

·   Foreign Exchange Products

Products include
cash, tom
, spot and forwards transactions. We offer
customized hedging and trading solutions to clients, on the basis of their business needs. These products are offered in India and across
our international locations.

·   Derivatives

We offer derivative products including interest
rate swaps, currency swaps and options in all major currencies.

Commercial Banking for Government and Institutions

We provide a range of banking services including
customized products and services for enhancing e-governance and financial management to government departments and bodies across various
levels such as central, state, district and local bodies which include municipalities and gram panchayats. We assist the government for
collection of central taxes, state taxes and goods and services tax payments through authorized branches and digital channels. Our integrated
banking platforms provide simple online tax payment options to customers. Statutory payments like Employees’ Provident Fund Organization
and Employees’ State Insurance Corporation dues can be done online through our platforms. These efforts also result in deposit balances
for the Bank.

We have on-boarded a number of central and state
government departments to ensure quick disbursement of funds and benefits to beneficiaries and implementing agencies through the Public
Financial Management System of the Government of India. We are also assisting state level nodal agencies and last mile implementing agencies
for adopting efficient release of Government of India scheme funds.

We also provide financial services to other institutions,
including educational institutions, hospitals and cooperative societies, among others and offer a range of technology driven collections
and payment solutions.

Commercial Banking for International Customers

Our international franchise focuses on four strategic
pillars, namely (a) the non-resident Indian ecosystem comprising deposits, remittances, investments and asset products; (b) multinational
corporation ecosystem comprising foreign multinational companies investing in India, Indian companies present in overseas markets, and
back-offices of multinational companies located in India; (c) trade ecosystem, comprising primarily India-linked trade
transactions; and (d) funds ecosystem, to capture  foreign investment flows into India. During fiscal 2023, we continued to progress in our strategic objective of reducing
the non-India linked exposures in a planned manner. Further, our overseas banking subsidiaries continue to serve local markets selectively
with a focus on risk mitigation and granularity of business.

Many of the products that we offer through our
overseas branches and subsidiaries, as well as to international customers from our domestic network, such as debt financing, trade finance
and letters of credit, are similar to the products offered to our customers in India.

75

Table of Contents

Total assets (net of inter-office balances) of
ICICI Bank’s overseas branches at year-end fiscal 2023 were Rs. 731.9 billion and total advances were Rs. 341.1 billion compared
to total assets of Rs.  866.0 billion and total advances were Rs. 412.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2022. The year-on-year decrease
in our overseas branches loan portfolio was primarily due to decline in the India-linked trade finance portfolio. Our overseas branches
are funded by bond issuances, bilateral/syndicated loans from banks, loans from export credit agencies, money market borrowings, deposits
and refinance from banks. The overseas loan portfolio of ICICI Bank was 3.3% of the overall loan portfolio at year-end fiscal 2023. The
corporate fund and non-fund outstanding, net of cash/bank/insurance backed lending, was US$ 2.7 billion at March 31, 2023. Out of US$
2.7 billion, 88.7% of the outstanding was to Indian corporates and their subsidiaries and joint ventures and 7.4% of the outstanding was
to non-India companies with Indian or India-linked operations and activities and this portfolio is generally well-rated and the Indian
operations of these companies are our target customers for deposit and transaction banking franchise. The Bank will continue to pursue
risk calibrated opportunities in this segment. Out of US$ 2.7 billion, approximately 2.1% of the outstanding was to companies owned by
non-resident Indians/person of Indian origins and 1.9% of the outstanding was to other non-India companies which is less than 0.5% of
the total portfolio of the Bank. The non-India linked corporate portfolio reduced by 52.3% from about US$ 641 million year-on-year to
US$ 306 million at March 31, 2023. See also, “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our funding is primarily
short-term and if depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely affected
”.

Our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Canada
are full service banks offering retail, business banking, corporate banking and treasury services. These subsidiaries provide services
to its customers through robust digital channels through internet and mobile banking. Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom is primarily
focused on India linked business and towards meeting the banking needs of the Indian community in the United Kingdom and Germany. The
core services include meeting local banking requirements, remittance services to India, and facilitating banking requirements in India.
Our subsidiary in Canada originates residential mortgages, primarily insured and qualifying for insurance by either the Canadian federal
government agency or insurance companies back-stopped by the Canadian federal government, and offers loans to both Canadian and US corporations
as well as Indian corporations seeking to develop their business overseas.

At year-end fiscal 2023, ICICI Bank UK PLC had
seven branches in the United Kingdom and a branch in Germany. At year-end fiscal 2023, the total assets of ICICI Bank UK PLC were US$
2.1 billion. ICICI Bank UK PLC made a net profit of US$ 13 million during fiscal 2023, compared to US$ 11 million during fiscal 2022.
At year-end fiscal 2023, loans and advances of ICICI Bank UK PLC were US$ 0.9 billion and investments were US$ 0.6 billion.

At year-end fiscal 2023, ICICI Bank Canada had
seven branches and total assets of CAD 6.0 billion. ICICI Bank Canada earned a net profit of CAD 46 million in fiscal 2023 as compared
to a net profit of CAD 29 million in fiscal 2022. At year-end fiscal 2023, net advances (net loans) of ICICI Bank Canada were CAD 5.2
billion and investments were CAD 0.6 billion.

See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Financial instability in other countries, particularly countries where we have established
operations, could adversely affect our business” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The exposures
of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.”

Branch and ATM network
and call centers

76

Table of Contents

We deliver our products and services through a
variety of channels, ranging from traditional bank branches to ATMs, cash recycler machines and call centers. In addition, our digital
channels and platforms have become increasingly important to our customers. See
“Technology”
. At year-end fiscal 2023,
we had a network of 5,900 branches across several Indian states. The branch network serves as an integrated channel for deposit mobilization
and selected retail asset origination. Our focus is to create fully digital branches and touch points for customer experience in order
to maximize customer engagement time for solutions. Branches with higher number of customer visits, multi-service kiosks are deployed
with touch-screen self-service devices, which allow customers to use banking services like deposit cheque, get quick account credit, update
passbook, transfer funds instantly to ICICI and other bank customers and more than 50 fully digital other “Do-it-yourself”
services, which help reduce customer wait times.

The following table sets forth the breakdown of
the number of branches by area for the periods indicated.

At March 31, 2022   At March 31, 2023
Branch by area (1)   Number of branches and extension counters   % of total   Number of branches and extension counters   % of total
Metropolitan   1,567   28.9   %   1,709   29.0   %
Urban   1,074   19.8   1,160   19.7   %
Semi-urban   1,599   29.5   1,712   29.0   %
Rural   1,178   21.7   1,319   22.3   %
Total branches and extension counters   5,418   100.0   %   5,900   100.0   %

(1)   Classification of branches as per population census 2011.

At March 31, 2023, we had 16,650 ATMs and cash
recycler machines across India. Our ATMs have additional value added services such as instant fund transfer, cardless cash withdrawal
and update of mobile numbers for ICICI Bank customers.

Our phone banking operations across locations at
Thane, Hyderabad, Guwahati, Indore, Bhubaneshwar and Chennai are operational around the clock and are equipped with interactive voice
response systems, voice bot solution, voice biometric authentications, automatic call distribution, telephony integration and voice recorders.
We seek to use the latest technology to provide an integrated view of customer information to the agents to get a complete overview of
the customer’s relationship with us. We have a virtual relationship management platform, which provides superior and seamless connect
that caters to the transaction and product needs of customers through human interface powered by artificial intelligence, which builds
robust customer relationships. We have implemented a customer relationship management solution for the automation of customer service
requests in all key banking products. The solution helps in tracking and timely resolution of various customer queries and issues. The
solution has been deployed at the phone banking as well as at a large number of branches.

Investment Banking

Our investment banking operations principally consist
of ICICI Bank’s treasury operations and the operations of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited and of ICICI Securities Limited.

Treasury

Through our treasury operations, we seek to manage
our balance sheet, including the maintenance of required regulatory reserves, and to optimize profits from our trading portfolio by taking
advantage of market opportunities. Our domestic trading and securities portfolio includes our regulatory reserve

77

Table of Contents

portfolio, as there is no restriction on active management of our regulatory
reserve portfolio. Our treasury operations include a range of products and services for corporate and small enterprise customers, such
as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps, and foreign exchange products and services. See also “—
Commercial
Banking for Corporate Customers—Foreign Exchange and Derivatives
”.

Our treasury undertakes liquidity management by
seeking to maintain an optimum level of liquidity, complying with the cash reserve ratio requirement and seeking to maintain the smooth
functioning of all our branches. We maintain a balance between interest-earning liquid assets and cash to optimize earnings and undertake
reserve management by maintaining statutory reserves, including the cash reserve ratio and the statutory liquidity ratio. At year-end
fiscal 2023, ICICI Bank was required to maintain the statutory liquidity ratio requirement percentage at 18% of its domestic net demand
and time liabilities by way of approved securities such as Government of India securities and state government securities. We maintain
the statutory liquidity ratio through a portfolio of government of India securities that we actively manage to optimize the yield and
benefit from price movements. Further, as a prudent liquidity management strategy, we generally maintain excess investments in securities
eligible for classification under the statutory liquidity ratio requirement. We maintain the liquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding
ratio, as required under Basel III, both on a standalone basis and at the group level. The minimum requirement is 100%. The liquidity
coverage ratio requirement is met by investment in high quality liquid assets, which are primarily in the form of government securities
and better-rated corporate bonds. Our average liquidity coverage ratio for the three months ended March 31, 2023 was 124.13% on a standalone
basis and was 121.76% on a consolidated basis. Both of these ratios were higher than the regulatory requirement of 100%. See also “
Supervision
and Regulation—Legal Reserve Requirements
”.

ICICI Bank engages in investments and foreign exchange
operations from Mumbai and overseas branches. As a part of our treasury activities, we also maintain proprietary trading portfolios in
domestic debt and equity securities and in foreign currency assets. Our treasury manages our foreign currency exposures and the foreign
exchange and risk hedging derivative products offered to our customers and engages in market making and proprietary trading in currency
and interest rate market. Our investment and market risk policies are approved by the Board of Directors.

In general, we pursue a strategy of active
management of our equity portfolio to maximize our return on investment. To reinforce compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board
of India’s insider trading regulations, all dealings in our equity and debt investments in listed companies are undertaken by our
treasury’s equity and corporate bonds dealing desks, which are segregated from both the other groups and desks in the treasury and
from our other business groups, and which do not have access to unpublished price sensitive information about these companies that may
be available to us as a lender.

We deal in several major foreign currencies and
take deposits from non-resident Indians in major foreign currencies. We also manage onshore accounts in foreign currencies. The foreign
exchange treasury manages our portfolio through money market and foreign exchange instruments to optimize yield and liquidity.

We provide a variety of risk management solutions
to our clients, including foreign currency forward contracts, currency and interest rate swaps and options. We monitor and control the
market risk and credit risk on our foreign exchange portfolio through counterparty limits, position limits, stop-loss limits and limits
on the loss of the entire foreign exchange trading operations and exception reporting. See also “
—Risk Management—Market
Risk—Exchange Rate Risk
”.

Securities broking and investment banking

ICICI Securities Limited is a financial services
company operating across capital market segments including retail and institutional equity, financial product distribution, private wealth
management and

78

Table of Contents

investment banking. As at March 31, 2023, ICICI Securities Limited served

9 million customers. ICICI Securities Limited has an online securities broking platform. ICICI Securities
Limited assists its customers like retail investors, corporates, financial institutions, high net worth individuals and ultra-high networth
individuals in meeting their financial goals by providing them with research, advisory and execution services. ICICI Securities Limited
has a subsidiary in the United States, ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., which in turn has a subsidiary in the United States, ICICI Securities
Inc., which is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority in the United States. ICICI Securities Inc. also has a branch office in Singapore that is registered with the Monetary Authority
of Singapore, where it holds a capital markets services license for dealing in capital market products in Singapore.

The consolidated profit after tax of ICICI Securities
Limited was Rs. 11.4 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to Rs. 14.0 billion in fiscal 2022. ICICI Securities Limited was listed on the
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited on April 4, 2018 following an offer for sale in an initial public offering of
the company. Our share ownership in ICICI Securities Limited was 74.85% at March 31, 2023.

On June 29, 2023, the boards of directors of ICICI
Bank Limited and ICICI Securities Limited approved a draft scheme of arrangement for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities Limited
by issuing equity shares of ICICI Bank to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities Limited in lieu of cancellation of their equity
shares in ICICI Securities Limited, thereby making ICICI Securities a wholly-owned subsidiary of ICICI Bank Limited, subject to requisite
approvals. The public shareholders of ICICI Securities Limited will be allotted 67 equity shares of ICICI Bank Limited for every 100 equity
shares of ICICI Securities Limited.

I-Process Services

I-Process Services (India) Private Limited (“iProcess”) is an associate company of ICICI Bank. iProcess
has a service provider agreement only with the Bank to provide business auxiliary services across sales, marketing, data entry, operations
and collection functions. At March 31, 2023, the Bank held 19.0% of the shareholding of iProcess. In February 2023, the Board of Directors
of the Bank approved a proposal for making iProcess a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, subject to receipt of requisite regulatory
and statutory approvals.

Primary dealership

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership is engaged
in the primary dealership of Indian government securities. It also deals in other fixed income securities and interest rate derivatives.
In addition to this, it also undertakes money market operations, underwriting, portfolio management services and placement of debt. ICICI
Securities Primary Dealership earned a net profit of Rs. 1.3 billion in fiscal 2023 compared to a net profit of Rs. 3.3 billion in fiscal
2022. The revenues of the business are directly linked to conditions in the fixed income market.

Private Equity

Our subsidiary ICICI Venture is a diversified specialist
alternative asset manager with a presence across private equity, real estate, infrastructure and special situations. During fiscal 2023,
ICICI Venture concluded a total of seven new investments involving an aggregate capital outlay of approximately Rs. 22.2 billion. In the
same period, ICICI Venture concluded six exit/liquidity transactions involving aggregate realization of Rs. 4.8 billion.

Asset Management

We provide asset management services through our
subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company is a joint venture with Prudential PLC
of the United Kingdom. We have 51.0% interest in the entity and Prudential PLC owns 49.0%. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company also
provides portfolio management services and advisory services to clients. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company had average mutual
fund assets under management of Rs. 4,823.4 billion during fiscal 2023. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company earned a net profit
of Rs. 15.1 billion during fiscal 2023 compared to a net profit of Rs. 14.4 billion during fiscal 2022.

79

Table of Contents

Insurance

We provide a wide range of insurance products and
services through our subsidiary ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and our affiliate ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is a joint venture with Prudential Corporation Holding Limited. Both ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited are listed on relevant Indian stock exchanges.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
has a wholly owned subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited, which distributes products under the National
Pension System and is a registered pension fund manager.

Our share ownership in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited was 51.27% at March 31, 2023.

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited had assets under management greater than Rs. 2.5 trillion at March 31, 2023 and had a market share of
6.5% on retail-weighted new business received premium in fiscal 2023 based on data published by the Life Insurance Council. The market
share within the private sector was 9.9% in fiscal 2023. The total premium increased by 6.6% from Rs. 374.6 billion in fiscal 2022 to
Rs. 399.3 billion in fiscal 2023. Within product segments, for fiscal 2023, there was an increase in the contribution of protection,
annuity and non-linked savings products to the business of our life insurance subsidiary. While unit-linked products still contribute
significantly to the business, the demand for unit linked products may be influenced by any volatility or downturn in capital markets.
Our life insurance subsidiary is primarily focused on the growth in the absolute value of new business, as a key profitability metric
which measures the present value of future profits from the new business written during the period. The value of new business of ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited increased from Rs 21.6 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 27.7 billion in fiscal 2023, a year-on-year
growth of 27.8%. The value of new business margin improved from 28.0% in fiscal 2022 to 32.0% in fiscal 2023. The profit after tax of
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited was Rs. 8.1 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to Rs. 7.5 billion in fiscal 2022.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks relating
to our insurance subsidiaries—Additional capital requirements of our insurance entities or our inability to monetize a part of our
shareholding in these entities may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs” and “Risk Factors—Risks
relating to our insurance subsidiaries—While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance
of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability” and “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Segment
Revenues and Assets—Life Insurance
”.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited’s
gross direct premium income was Rs. 210.3 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to Rs. 179.8 billion in fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2023,
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited was ranked second general insurance company in the country with a market share of 8.2%
based on gross direct premium as per the data published by the General Insurance Council. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
earned a net profit of Rs. 17.3 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to a net profit of Rs. 12.7 billion in fiscal 2022.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
was formed as a joint venture with Fairfax Financial Holdings of Canada. The joint venture was terminated on July 3, 2017. During fiscal
2021, the Board of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited approved the Scheme of arrangement for demerger of the general insurance
business of Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited with an appointed date of
April 1, 2020. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited received the approval from National Company Law Tribunal

80

Table of Contents

through its order dated May 13, 2021 and the Insurance Regulatory and
Development Authority of India granted its final approval on September 3, 2021. The merger came into effect at September 8, 2021. As consideration
towards the merger, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited issued new equity shares to shareholders of Bharti AXA General Insurance
Company Limited whereby the shareholding of the Bank in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited was reduced to less than 50% resulting
in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceasing to be a subsidiary of the Bank.

As per the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, as amended,
a bank can hold either less than 30.0% or more than 50.0% in a company. Following the transaction of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited, the Bank’s shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited has gone below 50.0%. The Bank’s holding
in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited was 48.0% at March 31, 2023. The Bank had initially been granted until September 2023,
that was extended till September 2024, to reduce its shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance to 30.0%, to comply with the requirements
under the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. In May 2023, the Board of the Bank approved acquisition of up to 4.0% of ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited's shareholding, to make it a subsidiary of the Bank, subject to regulatory approvals.

The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority
of India issued regulations on registration of corporate agents for the sale of insurance products. As per the regulations, banks can
partner with three insurance companies each in life, non-life and health insurance sectors. We have entered into an agreement with our
insurance subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, and operate
as a corporate agent for these companies and distribute general insurance and selective life insurance products through our branches,
phone banking and digital channels and earn commissions and fees from these subsidiaries.

Risk Management

As a financial intermediary, we are exposed to
risks that are particular to our lending, transaction banking and trading businesses and the environment within which we operate. Our
goal in risk management is to ensure that we understand, measure, monitor and manage the various risks that arise and that the organization
adheres to the policies and processes, which are established to address these risks.

The key principles underlying our risk management
framework are as follows:

·   The Board of Directors has oversight of all the risks assumed by us.

·   Specific committees of the Board have been constituted to facilitate focused oversight of various risks.
For a discussion of these and other committees, see “Management” .

·   Credit Committee: The responsibilities of the Credit Committee include review of developments in key
industrial sectors, major credit portfolios and approval of credit proposals as per the authorization approved by the Board.

·   Audit Committee: The Audit Committee provides direction to the audit function and monitors the quality
of internal and statutory audit. The responsibilities of the Audit Committee include examining the financial statements and auditors’
report and overseeing the financial reporting process to ensure fairness, sufficiency and credibility of financial statements.

·   Information Technology Strategy Committee: The responsibilities of the Committee are to approve information
technology strategy and policy documents, review information technology

81

Table of Contents

risks, ensure alignment of information technology strategy
with business strategy, review information technology investments by overseeing funding of information technology, review contribution
of information technology to business, review future readiness of technology platforms, review progress on key projects and performance
of critical systems, review key risk indicators pertaining to technology and Information Security teams, review compliance with regulatory
audit observations and oversee activities of the digital council
. The digital council is an internal forum
to measure the Bank’s performance against the digital adoption targets set by the Government of India’s Ministry of Electronics
and Information Technology. Key digital initiatives taken up by the Bank are discussed in this forum, along with measures to enhance performance.

·   Risk Committee: The responsibilities of the Committee are to review ICICI Bank's
risk management policies pertaining to credit, market, liquidity, operational, outsourcing, reputation risks, business continuity
plan and disaster recovery plan and approve Broker Empanelment Policy and any amendments thereto. The Committee is
also responsible for setting limits on any industry or country; reviewing the Enterprise Risk Management framework, Risk Appetite
framework, stress testing framework, Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process and framework for capital allocation;
and reviewing of the status of compliance with the Basel framework, risk dashboard covering various risks, outsourcing
activities and the activities of the Asset Liability Management Committee. The Committee has oversight on risks of subsidiaries
covered under the Group Risk Management Framework. The Committee also carries out cyber security risk assessment.

·   Policies approved from time to time by the Board of Directors form the governing framework for each
type of risk. The business activities are undertaken within this policy framework.

·   Independent groups and sub-groups have been constituted across our organization to facilitate independent
evaluation, monitoring and reporting of various risks. These groups function independent of the business groups/sub-groups.

The risk management framework forms the
basis for developing consistent risk principles across the Bank and its overseas banking subsidiaries. The Board of Directors approves
the Enterprise Risk Management and Risk Appetite Framework and thresholds/limits structure under which various business lines operate.

We are
primarily exposed to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, technology risk, compliance risk, cyber security risk
and reputation risk. We have centralized groups, the Risk Management Group, the Compliance Group, the Legal Group, the Financial Crime
Prevention and Reputation Risk Management Group and the Internal Audit Group with a mandate to identify, assess and monitor all of our
principal risks in accordance with well-defined policies and procedures. In addition, the Lending Services Operations Group, Treasury
and Securities Services Group and the Operations Group monitor operational adherence to regulations, policies, terms of limit approved
and other internal approvals.

The Risk Management Group is further
organized into the Credit Risk Management Group, Market Risk Management Group, Operational Risk Management Group, Credit Monitoring Group
and Information Security Group. The Risk Management Group reports to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compliance Group
and the Internal Audit Group report to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The Risk Management Group, Compliance Group and
Internal Audit Group have administrative reporting to the Executive Director. Treasury and Securities Services Group, Lending Services
Operations Group and Operations Group report to the Executive Director. These groups are independent of the business units.

82

Table of Contents

Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss that may occur
from the failure of any party to abide by the terms and conditions of any contract, principally the failure to make required payments
of amounts due to us. In its lending operations, ICICI Bank is principally exposed to credit risk.

Credit risk is governed by the Credit and Recovery
Policy (“Credit Policy”) approved by the Board of Directors. The Credit Policy outlines the type of products that can be offered,
customer categories and the credit approval process, credit administration, credit limits and other relevant matters.

ICICI Bank measures, monitors and manages credit
risk at an individual borrower level and at the portfolio level for retail borrowers. ICICI Bank has a structured and standardized credit
approval process, which includes a well-established procedure of credit appraisal.

The Bank has
established
a risk appetite and limit structure, with respect to credit risk, and specifically concentration risk, which includes the following measures:

·   limits
                                            for group and borrower exposures based on rating and track record;

·   rating-based
                                            limits with respect to incremental asset origination in the corporate portfolio;

·   portfolio
                                            limits for buyout and securitization;

·   establishment
                                            of a separate credit monitoring group to enhance focus on monitoring of borrowers and to
                                            facilitate proactive action wherever required; and

·   enhanced
                                            monitoring of retail product portfolios through periodic reviews and vintage curve analysis.

The Credit Committee
of the Board reviews the portfolio and large exposure groups. The Bank has a dedicated group, namely the Financial Crime Prevention Group,
overseeing and handling the fraud prevention, detection, investigation, monitoring and reporting, as well as fraud awareness activities.

Credit Approval Authorities

The Board of Directors/Credit Committee has delegated
credit approval authority to various committees, forums and individual officers under the credit approval authorization policy. The credit
approval authorization policy is based on the level of risk and the quantum of exposure, and is designed to ensure that transactions with
higher exposure and higher levels of risk are sent to a correspondingly higher forum/committee for approval.

The Bank has established several levels of credit
approval authorities for its corporate banking activities - the Credit Committee, the Committee of Executive Directors, the Committee
of Senior Management, the Committee of Executives, and the Corporate Lending Forum. For certain exposures under programs, approval under
a joint authorization framework has been established.

Retail credit facilities must comply with approved
product policies. All products policies are approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The individual credit proposals are evaluated
and approved by individual officers/forums on the basis of the product policies.

Credit Risk Assessment Methodology for Standalone Entities

All credit proposals other than retail products,
program lending, score card-based lending to small and medium enterprises and agricultural businesses and certain other specified products
are rated internally by the Credit Risk Management Group, prior to approval by the appropriate forum.

83

Table of Contents

The Credit Risk Management Group rates proposals,
carries out industry analysis (through a centralized industry team), tracks the quality of the credit portfolio with regular rating reviews
and reports periodically to the Credit Committee and the Risk Committee. The Bank also has a credit monitoring group, which monitors individual
accounts jointly with the business and Risk Management Group on a regular basis including stock statements, bank statements and stock
audit reports. For non-retail exposures, the Lending Services Operations Group verifies adherence to the terms of the approval prior to
the commitment and disbursement of credit facilities. The Bank also manages credit risk through various limit structures, which are in
line with the Reserve Bank of India’s prudential guidelines. The Bank has set up various exposure limits, including the single borrower
exposure limit, the group borrower exposure limit, the industry exposure limit, the unsecured exposure limit, and limits on exposure to
sensitive sectors such as capital markets, non-banking finance companies and real estate. Based on rating and tracking of the borrower
and group, limits on incremental exposures have also been put in place. Limits on countries and bank counterparties have also been stipulated.

ICICI Bank has an established credit analysis procedure
leading to appropriate identification of credit risk both at the individual borrower and the portfolio level. Appropriate appraisal and
credit rating methodologies have been established for various types of products and businesses. The methodology involves assessment of
quantitative and qualitative parameters. For example, for any large corporate borrower, the rating methodology entails a comprehensive
evaluation of the industry, borrower’s business position in the industry (benchmarking), financial position and projections, quality
of management, impact of projects being undertaken by the borrower and structure of the transaction.

After conducting an analysis of a specific borrower’s
risk, the Credit Risk Management Group assigns a credit rating to the borrower. We have a scale of 12 ratings ranging from AAA to B. A
borrower’s credit rating is a vital input for the credit approval process. The borrower’s credit rating and the default pattern
corresponding to that credit rating, form an important input in the risk-based pricing framework of the Bank. Every proposal for a financing
facility is prepared by the relevant business unit and reviewed by the Credit Risk Management Group before being submitted for approval
to the appropriate approval authority other than retail products, program lending, score card-based lending to small and medium enterprises
and agri-businesses and certain other specified products. The approval process for non-fund facilities is similar to that for fund-based
facilities.

On our current
rating scale, ratings of below BBB- (i.e., BB and B ratings) are considered to be relatively high-risk categories. Our current credit
policy does not expressly provide a minimum rating required for a borrower to be considered for a loan. All corporate loan proposals
for fresh/incremental exposure with an internal rating of below BBB- are sent to our Credit Committee for its approval. See also “
Consolidated
financial Statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional Notes—Note 7—Credit
quality indicators of loans
”.

The appraisal process involves an in-depth study
of the industry, financial, commercial, technical and managerial aspects of the borrower. An assessment of the financial requirements
of the client is made in order to arrive at the amount of credit to be considered by the Bank. Each credit proposal is thereafter prepared
in an appropriate appraisal format and placed before the approving authority as prescribed by the Board of Directors/ Credit Committee
from time to time.

The following sections detail the risk assessment
process for various business segments:

Assessment of Project Finance Exposures

For better risk identification, allocation and
mitigation to minimize risk in project finance transactions, the Bank carries out detailed evaluation of technical and financial aspects
of the project and

84

Table of Contents

the sponsor’s financial strength. Project finance loans are generally
fully secured, and cash flows are routed through an escrow account. We may also take security interest in relevant project contracts such
as concession agreements, off-take agreements and construction contracts as part of the security package. Funds are disbursed based on
project progress. Project completion is considered upon satisfactory commencement of operations of the project. We continue to monitor
the credit exposure until loans are fully repaid. We have adopted a more cautious and selective approach to project financing in recent
years.

Assessment of Corporate Finance Exposures (Term loans/fixed
maturity loans)

As part of the corporate loan approval procedures,
ICICI Bank carries out a detailed analysis of funding requirements, including normal capital expenses, long-term working capital requirements,
and acquisition finance. ICICI Bank’s funding of long-term requirements is assessed on the basis of detailed review of the underlying
transaction and an analysis of cash flows.

Our analysis enables us to identify risks in these
transactions. To mitigate risks, we use various credit enhancement techniques, such as collateralization, cash collateralization, creation
of escrow accounts and debt service reserves. Rating review of these exposures is done based on asset quality review framework of the
Bank. The Credit Monitoring Group jointly monitors these exposures along with the business and Risk Management Group.

Corporate finance loans can be secured by fixed
assets (which normally consists of property, plant and equipment), pledge of financial assets (such as marketable securities or at times
non-marketable securities) and we may obtain contractual credit enhancements such as corporate guarantees or personal guarantees from
the sponsors wherever appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to sponsors’ shareholding
in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding. We also provide unsecured loans
to higher rated, well-established corporate borrowers.

With respect to financing of cross-border corporate
mergers and acquisitions, we carry out detailed due diligence on the acquirer as well as the target’s business profile.

We emphasize environmental and social risk assessment
for new project and corporate financing proposals subject to certain criteria. These proposals are reviewed under a social and environmental
management framework that integrates analysis of the environmental and social risk assessment into the overall credit appraisal process.
We are also in the process of incorporating environmental, social and governance and climate risk aspects as part of the credit evaluation
process. Borrower level environmental, social and governance scores from external agencies are considered during the evaluation of a proposal.
We have developed sector-specific environmental, social and governance checklists for borrower-level evaluation and a framework for assessment
of climate-related physical and transition risk that a borrower could be exposed to in certain sectors. The Bank has also developed a
Framework for Sustainable Financing, which provides guidance on eligibility criteria for Sustainable/Sustainability Linked Lending, guidance
on assessment of facilities, monitoring & reporting of such facilities. As part of our Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
(“ICAAP”), we have carried out stress testing to address risks emanating from climate change on the critical infrastructure
resources that support Bank’s operations. Further, the Bank considers stress testing for climate risk as part of scenario based
stress testing under ICAAP. The same incorporates the impact of physical risk as well as transition risk on the borrowers.

Assessment of Working Capital Finance Exposures

85

Table of Contents

We carry out a detailed analysis of borrowers’
working capital requirements. Once credit limits are approved, we may calculate the amounts that can be lent on the basis of review of
monthly stock statements provided by the borrower and the margins stipulated. Credit limits are reviewed on a periodic basis.

Working capital facilities are generally secured
by inventories, receivables and other current assets. Additionally, in certain cases, we obtain contractual credit enhancements such as
personal guarantees or corporate guarantees from sponsors, or subordinated security interests in the tangible assets of the borrower including
plant and machinery.

Assessment of Retail Loans

The origination and approval of retail credit exposures
are segregated to ensure independence.

The Credit and Policy Group is responsible for
preparing credit policies and operating policies. The Credit Risk Management Group oversees the credit risk issues for retail assets including
the review of all credit policies and operating policies proposed for approval by the Board or forums authorized by the Board. These groups
are involved in portfolio monitoring of all retail assets and in suggesting and implementing policy changes. The Data Science and Analytics
Group is responsible for devising customer-segment specific strategies, portfolio tracking and monitoring, analytics, score card development
and database management. The credit team is independent from the business unit and is organized geographically to support the retail sales
and service structure.

The Bank’s credit officers evaluate credit
proposals on the basis of operating policies approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The criteria vary across product segments
but typically include factors such as the borrower’s income, the loan-to-value ratio and demographic parameters. External agencies
such as field investigation agencies facilitate a comprehensive due diligence process including visits to offices and homes of borrowers
whenever required. The Bank also draws upon a centralized database on delinquent loans and reports from the credit bureaus to review the
borrower’s profile. Except for personal loans and credit cards, the Bank generally requires a contribution from the borrower and
its loans are secured by the asset financed. For mortgage loans and used vehicle loans, a valuation agency or an in-house technical team
carries out the valuations. For certain products, the Bank has implemented a credit-scoring, which forms one of the criteria for loan
evaluation.

As part of digital credit lending, ICICI Bank has
scaled up offerings to bank customers over a period of time. As part of its strategy, the Bank uses multi-factor credit filters by using
data-sets to mitigate risk. The portfolio build-up strategy is based on utilizing the pre-approved customer database for origination of
key retail asset products wherein major incremental origination is from existing liability customer relationships.

The Bank undertakes portfolio buyouts of various
retail assets products. The portfolio is selected by applying selection filters like tenure, size, loan to value ratio and location, and
meeting regulatory requirements with regard to minimum holding period and minimum retention requirement by the seller. The buyouts are
in the form of direct assignment or by way of investment in pass through certificates.

The Bank has established centralized operations
to manage operational risk in the back-office processes of its retail assets business and also has decentralized operations to improve
turnaround time for customers. A separate team under the Credit and Policy Group undertakes review and audits of credit quality and processes
across different products. The Bank has a debt services management group independent of business group to manage debt recovery. The group
operates under the guidelines of a standardized recovery process.

86

Table of Contents

Assessment Procedures for Small Enterprises Loans and
Business Banking

The Bank finances small enterprises, which include
individual entities and financing dealers and vendors of companies. Small enterprise credit also includes financing extended directly
to small enterprises as well as lending based on parameterized product-based credit facilities, which involves a cluster-based approach
wherein a lending program is implemented for a homogenous group of individuals/business entities, which comply with certain laid-down
parameterized norms. Further, programs can also be made for diverse group of individuals/business entities/ industries having common target
market norms and go-no-go parameters as approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The risk assessment of such a cluster involves
the identification of appropriate credit norms for the target market, the use of scoring models for enterprises that satisfy these norms
and a comprehensive appraisal of those enterprises, which are awarded a minimum required score in the scoring model.

ICICI Bank has lending programs for business banking
customers, based on various financial and non-financial parameters and target market norms. The program criteria are approved by the Committee
of Executive Directors and individual credit proposals are assessed by the credit team based on these approved criteria.

For large ticket size loans (maximum up to Rs.
400 million), an in-house developed statistical scoring model is being used for assessment of majority of cases in small and medium enterprises
programs. The underwriting process integrates various digital tools like bank statement analyzer, automatic fetching of bureau reports
and enhanced business rule engine to generate probability of default scores for score-based analysis. A detailed appraisal is performed
based on the financial as well as non-financial parameters to assess the creditworthiness of the enterprise in all the cases. A similar
approach is being followed for lending to borrowers in mid-corporate group for a maximum limit up to Rs. 500 million.

The Bank also finances dealers and vendors linked
to large and medium entities by implementing structures to enhance the base credit quality of the vendor or dealer. The process involves
an analysis of the base credit quality of the vendor or dealer and an analysis of the linkages that exist between the vendor or dealer
and the company. The approval of limits to dealers and vendors takes place manually as well as digitally.

The risk management policy also includes setting
up of portfolio control norms, continuous monitoring renewal norms as well as stringent review and exit triggers to be followed while
financing such clusters or communities.

Assessment Procedures for Rural and Agricultural Loans

The rural and agricultural portfolio consists of
loans to individuals and non-individuals engaged in agriculture and related activities. These loans are extended to meet crop production
and maintenance, consumption, asset purchase and income generating requirements of borrowers.

The sales and credit decision-making functions
are segregated. The Credit and Policy Group is responsible for preparing credit policies/operating policies. The Credit Risk Management
Group oversees the credit risk and portfolio monitoring related issues along with the review of credit/operating policies and changes
thereto pertaining to retail agricultural assets for approval by competent authorities. The credit team oversees the underwriting function
and is organized geographically in line with the rural sales and service structure.

Rural and agriculture credit also includes financing
extended on a cluster-based approach to borrowers with a homogeneous profile. The risk assessment of such cluster includes identification

87

Table of Contents

of appropriate credit norms, the use of scoring models for
enterprises and stipulating suitable collateral norms.

For loans against gold ornaments and gold coins,
the credit norms focus on establishing ownership and authenticity (purity and weight) of the underlying jewellery with the help of Bank
appointed external appraisers. Norms with respect to loan-to-value ratio have been laid down in accordance with regulatory guidelines.

For loans against pledge of agricultural commodities,
the credit norms focus on the quality, quantity and price volatility of the underlying commodity. A dedicated group evaluates, directly
or through the agencies appointed by it at the time of funding and undertakes periodic post disbursements checks. Norms with respect to
price monitoring and loan-to-value ratio have been laid down.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Our Business—Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may
adversely affect our business
”.

Risk Monitoring and Portfolio Review

We monitor credit facilities through a risk-based
asset review framework under which the frequency of asset review is higher for cases with higher exposure balances and/or lower credit
ratings. For corporate, small and medium enterprises, the Lending Services Operations Group verifies adherence to the terms of the credit
approval prior to disbursement/limit set up.

The Credit Monitoring Group jointly with the business
and Risk Management Group monitors corporate and business banking borrower accounts to identify triggers on the basis of account conduct
and behavior. These triggers are highlighted to risk and business teams and are included in the appraisal and portfolio review process,
which helps to take timely action on the exposures.

An analysis of our portfolio composition based
on internal ratings is carried out and submitted to the Risk Committee of the Board on a quarterly basis as part of the risk dashboard.
This facilitates the identification and analysis of trends in the portfolio credit risk.

The Credit Committee of the Bank, apart from approving
proposals, regularly reviews the credit quality of the portfolio and various sub-portfolios. A summary of the reviews carried out by the
Credit Committee is submitted to the Board for its information.

The Bank’s Enterprise Risk Management framework
defines benchmark vintage curves as delinquency triggers for key retail products. Actual delinquencies for these products are monitored
against these benchmark vintage curves, to enable analysis and directed collection strategies as well as review of origination norms,
where required. As part of the Enterprise Risk Management framework, a threshold on incremental origination for customers with low bureau
score has also been stipulated for retail portfolio.

Market Risk

Market risk is the possibility of loss arising
from changes in the value of a financial instrument as a result of changes in market variables such as interest rates, exchange rates,
credit spreads and other asset prices. Our exposure to market risk is a function of our trading and asset-liability management activities
and our role as a financial intermediary in customer-related transactions. These risks are mitigated by the limits stipulated in the Investment
Policy (which includes the Derivatives Policy) and Asset Liability Management Policy, which are approved and reviewed by the Board of
Directors.

88

Table of Contents

Market Risk Management Procedures

The Asset Liability Management Policy stipulates
liquidity and interest rate risk limits at an aggregate level and the Asset Liability Management Committee reviews adherence to limits
and determines the strategy in light of the current and expected environment. The Investment Policy addresses issues related to investments
in various treasury products and includes the Derivatives Policy which is formulated in line with the comprehensive guidelines issued
by Reserve Bank of India on derivatives for banks. The policies are designed to ensure that operations in the securities and foreign exchange
and derivatives areas are conducted in accordance with sound and acceptable business practices and current regulatory guidelines, laws
governing transactions in financial securities and the financial environment. The policies contain the limit structures that govern transactions
in financial instruments. The Board has authorized the Asset Liability Management Committee and Committee of Executive Directors (Borrowing,
Treasury and Investment Operations) to grant certain approvals related to treasury activities, within the broad parameters laid down by
policies approved by the Board.

The Asset Liability Management Committee, comprising
the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, wholetime directors and senior executives, meets periodically and reviews the positions
of trading groups, interest rate and liquidity gap positions, sets deposit and benchmark lending rates, reviews the pricing methodologies
for various categories of advances, reviews the valuation methodologies for various treasury products, the business profile and its impact
on asset liability management and determines the asset liability management strategy, as deemed fit, taking into consideration the current
and expected business environment. The Asset Liability Management Policy provides guidelines to manage liquidity risk and interest rate
risk in the banking book.

The Market Risk Management Group is responsible
for the identification, assessment and measurement of market risk. Risk limits including position limits and stop loss limits are reported
on a daily basis by the Treasury and Securities Services Group and reviewed periodically. Foreign exchange risk is monitored through the
net overnight open foreign exchange limit. Interest rate risk in banking book is measured through the use of re-pricing gap/ duration
analysis. Interest rate risk is further monitored through interest rate risk limits approved by the Board of Directors.

Interest Rate Risk

Our core business is deposit taking, borrowing
and lending in both Indian rupees and foreign currencies as permitted by the Reserve Bank of India. These activities expose us to interest
rate risk.

Our balance sheet consists of Indian rupee and
foreign currency assets and liabilities, with a predominantly higher proportion of rupee-denominated assets and liabilities. Thus, movements
in Indian interest rates are our main source of interest rate risk.

Interest rate risk
is measured through earnings at risk from an earnings perspective and through duration of equity from an economic value perspective.
Further, exposure to fluctuations in interest rates is also measured by way of gap analysis, providing a static view of the maturity
and re-pricing characteristics of balance sheet positions. We monitor interest rate risk through the above measures on a fortnightly
basis. The duration gap analysis and interest rate sensitivity gap statements for standalone Bank are submitted to the Reserve Bank of
India on a monthly basis. Additionally, the interest rate gap statements for overseas branches are submitted to the host regulator based
on applicable guidelines. We also monitor sensitivities of our interest rate options portfolio.

ICICI Bank’s primary source of funding is
deposits and, to a smaller extent, borrowings. In the rupee market, most of our deposit taking is at fixed rates of interest. We accept
deposits for

89

Table of Contents

fixed periods, except for savings account deposits and current
account deposits, which do not have any specified maturity and can be withdrawn on demand. Current account deposits in the domestic
operations are non-interest bearing. Our borrowings are usually for a fixed period, with certain borrowings qualifying as capital
instruments having European call options attached to them, exercisable by us only on specified dates, subject to regulatory
approvals. On the asset side, we have a mix of floating and fixed interest rate assets. Our term loans are generally repaid
gradually, with principal repayments being made over the life of the loan.

Pursuant to regulatory reserve requirements, we
maintain a large part of our assets in government of India securities and in interest-free balances with the Reserve Bank of India, which
are funded mainly by deposits and borrowings. This exposes us to the risk of differential movement in the yield earned on statutory reserves
and the related funding cost.

Almost all the long tenor foreign currency loans
in the overseas branches of the Bank are floating rate loans. These loans are generally funded with foreign currency borrowings and deposits
in our overseas branches. We generally convert the long tenor foreign currency borrowings into floating rate dollar liabilities through
the use of interest rate and currency swaps with leading international banks. Our overseas subsidiaries in the UK and Canada have fixed
rate retail term deposits and fixed/floating rate wholesale borrowings as their funding sources; with the UK subsidiary additionally having
floating rate savings deposits and non-interest bearing current deposits. They also have fixed and floating rate assets. Interest rate
risk is generally managed by increasing/decreasing the duration of investments and government securities portfolio and/or by entering
into interest rate derivatives whenever required. We are an active participant in the interest rate swap market and are one of the largest
swap counterparties in India. For risks related to the transition from LIBOR, see “
Risk Factors—Risks that arise as a result
of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The transition from LIBOR to other alternative reference rates may adversely affect
our income  and also bring about the vagaries that such alternative reference
rates may have
”.

As a part of the transition from LIBOR to alternate
risk-free rates, the Bank has a cross-functional working group to monitor the developments internationally, and to oversee the LIBOR transition.
The working group addresses matters primarily pertaining to exposure and impact assessment, contracts remediation, system upgrades, valuation
and accounting implications and conduct and reputational risks.

As part of the transition plan for legacy on-balance
sheet items, the Bank has amended documentation in order to transition away from LIBOR to alternate risk free rates. With respect to off
balance-sheet transactions through derivatives, the Bank has adopted the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 2020 IBOR Fallbacks
Protocol and has transitioned contracts with certain counterparties actively. Derivative exposures linked to INR MIFOR (which is dependent
on LIBOR), were transitioned with all counterparties to alternate benchmark Modified MIFOR. The Bank has actively engaged with its customers
to inform them about the transition and the options available for smooth transition. The Bank has published frequently asked questions
on its website and has set up a centralized desk to handle client queries. At June 30, 2023, the Bank completed the contract remediation
for most of the loans and also transitioned affected derivative contracts successfully.

The Bank has upgraded its systems to manage the
transition. The progress with respect to the transition both on internal status as well as external developments is updated to the Bank’s
Asset Liability Committee and to the Risk Committee of the Board on a periodic basis. The Board of Directors is also briefed about the
LIBOR transition program periodically. See also
“Risk Factors—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly
regulated sector—The transition from LIBOR to other alternative reference rates may adversely affect our income and also bring about the vagaries that such alternative reference rates may have”.

90

Table of Contents

For a discussion of our vulnerability to interest
rate risk, see
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable
to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio,
our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance”
 and
“Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—Our inability to effectively manage credit, market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models
and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds”.

Equity Risk

We assume equity risk both as part of our investment
book and our trading book. At year-end fiscal 2023, we had a total equity investment portfolio (excluding investment in affiliates) of
Rs. 193.8 billion, primarily comprising Rs. 42.8 billion of investments by ICICI Bank and Rs. 105.8 billion of investments by our insurance
subsidiary. The Bank also acquires equity investments from loan conversion and also investment in unlisted equity which are long-term
in nature. We also invest in alternate investment funds/ venture capital funds, primarily those managed by our subsidiary ICICI Venture.
These funds primarily invest in equity and equity linked and non-convertible instruments. Our investments in these funds are similar in
nature to our other equity investments and are subject to the same risks. In addition, they are also subject to risks in the form of changes
in regulation and taxation policies applicable to such equity funds. ICICI Securities and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership also have
a small portfolio of equity derivatives. For further information on our trading and available-for-sale investments, see
“—Overview
of Our Products and Services—Investment Banking—Treasury”
.

The risk in the equity portfolio of the proprietary
trading group, which manages the equity trading book of ICICI Bank, is controlled through position limits, value-at-risk approach and
stop loss limits, as stipulated in the Investment Policy. The portfolio includes investments in listed equities, equity mutual funds and
infrastructure and real estate investment trusts, as well as application money paid for new offerings of such investments. Value-at-risk
measures the statistical risk of loss from a trading position, given a specified confidence level and a defined time horizon, see
“—Selected
Statistical Information”.

Exchange Rate Risk

We offer instruments like foreign exchange forwards,
options, swaps and combinations thereof to clients, which are primarily banks and corporate customers. We use cross currency swaps, forwards,
and options to hedge against risks arising out of these transactions and for foreign currency loans that are originated in currencies
different from the currencies of borrowings supporting them. Some of these transactions may not meet the hedge accounting requirements
and are subject to mark-to-market accounting. Trading activities in the foreign currency markets expose us to exchange rate risks. This
risk is mitigated by setting counterparty limits, stipulating foreign exchange overnight and intra-day position limits, greek limits for
options, daily/quarterly/yearly cumulative stop-loss limits and engaging in exception reporting.

Derivative Instruments Risk

The Bank offers various derivative products, including
forwards, options, swaps and combinations thereof in foreign exchange and interest rates to clients for their risk management purposes.
Profits or losses on account of market movements on these transactions are borne by the clients. For the transactions, which are not covered
in the inter-bank market, the Bank runs open positions within the limits prescribed in its Investment Policy. The derivative transactions
are subject to counterparty risk to the extent particular obligors are unable to make payment on contracts when due.

91

Table of Contents

In view of the margin rules for non-centrally cleared
derivative transactions issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India and guidelines
issued by overseas regulators, certain derivative transactions are subject to margining and collateral exchange in accordance with a Credit
Support Annex. Reserve Bank of India has permitted the Bank to post and collect margin for permitted derivative contracts with covered
entities outside India. The Bank has also implemented International Swaps and Derivatives Association prescribed Standardized Initial
Margin Model for estimating the initial margin requirements for some of the non-centrally cleared derivatives. The requirements are currently
applicable for the overseas branches. The Bank settles certain derivative transactions through qualified central counterparties such as
Clearing Corporation of India Limited and London Clearing House Limited and posts collateral in line with the margin regulations stipulated
by qualified central counterparties.

The Bank also enters into interest rate and currency
derivative transactions for the purpose of hedging interest rate and foreign exchange risk and also engages in trading of derivative instruments
on its own account.

Credit Spread Risk

Credit spread risk arises out of investments in
fixed income securities. Hence, volatility in the level of credit spreads would impact the value of these portfolios held by the Bank.
We closely monitor our portfolio and risk is monitored by setting investment limits, rating-wise limits, single issuer limit, maturity
limits and stipulating daily and cumulative stop-loss limits.

Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk is the current and prospective risk
arising out of an inability to meet financial commitments as they fall due, through available cash flows or through the sale of assets
at fair market value. It includes both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding an asset portfolio at appropriate maturities
and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner at a reasonable price.

We manage liquidity risk in accordance with our
Asset Liability Management Policy. This policy is based on applicable regulatory guidelines and is approved by the Board of Directors.
The Asset Liability Management Committee of the Bank formulates and reviews strategies and provides guidance for management of liquidity
risk within the framework laid out in the Asset Liability Management Policy. The Risk Committee of the Board has oversight of the Asset
Liability Management Committee.

The Bank uses various tools for the measurement
of liquidity risk including the statement of structural liquidity, dynamic liquidity cash flow statements, liquidity ratios and stress
testing through scenario analysis. The statement of structural liquidity is used as a standard tool for measuring and managing net funding
requirements and the assessment of a surplus or shortfall of funds in various maturity buckets in the future. The utilization against
gap limits laid down for each bucket is reviewed by the Bank’s Asset Liability Management Committee.

We also periodically present to the Asset Liability
Management Committee the dynamic liquidity cash flow statements, which in addition to scheduled cash flows, considers the liquidity requirements
pertaining to incremental business and the funding thereof. As a part of the stock and flow approach, we monitor various liquidity ratios,
and limits as laid down for these ratios in the Asset Liability Management Policy.

The Bank has diverse sources of liquidity to allow
for flexibility in meeting funding requirements. For the domestic operations, this includes current accounts and savings deposits payable
on demand and

92

Table of Contents

retail term deposits, augmented by wholesale deposits, issuance of Certificate
of Deposits, borrowings and through the issuance of bonds and subordinated debt from time to time. Loan maturities and sale of investments
also provide liquidity. The Bank holds unencumbered, high quality liquid assets and has certain mitigating measures to protect against
stress conditions.

The Bank maintains
prudential levels of liquid assets in the form of cash, balances with the central bank and government securities, money market and other
fixed income securities. As stipulated by the regulator, banks in India are required to maintain statutory liquidity ratio at a level
of 18.0% of their net demand and time liabilities in India and cash reserve ratio at a level of 4.5% of their net demand and time liabilities
in India, each as of March 31, 2023

. The Bank generally
holds additional securities over and above the stipulated statutory liquidity ratio requirement.

Banks in India are required to maintain a liquidity
coverage ratio at a minimum of 100.0% on a standalone as well as consolidated basis. During fiscal 2023, the Bank maintained a liquidity
coverage ratio above the stipulated level. The liquidity coverage ratio requirement is met by investments in high quality liquid assets.
It primarily includes government securities, in excess of mandatory statutory liquidity ratio and better-rated corporate bonds. High quality
liquid assets also includes specified portion of mandatory statutory liquidity ratio requirement held in the form of government securities
under the "facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio” and “marginal standing facility” as specified
by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time.

At March 31, 2023, the entire statutory liquidity
ratio requirement of 18.00% of net demand and time liabilities in India, 16.00% for securities eligible for the “facility to avail
liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio”, and 2.00% for securities eligible for the marginal standing facility was counted towards
the high quality liquid assets under the liquidity coverage ratio. On April 18, 2022, the Reserve Bank of India revised the “facility
to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio” within the mandatory statutory liquidity ratio requirement to up to 16.0%, an increase
from the previous ratio of up to 15.0% of the net demand and time liabilities.

Banks in India are also required to maintain a
net stable funding ratio at a minimum of 100.0% on a standalone as well as consolidated basis. The net stable funding ratio ensures resilience
over a longer-term time horizon by requiring banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding. During fiscal 2023, the
Bank maintained net stable funding ratio above the stipulated level.

We have a Board approved liquidity stress-testing
framework, under which we estimate the Bank’s liquidity position under a range of stress scenarios, and consider possible measures
we could take to mitigate the outflows under each scenario. During fiscal 2023, the results of each of the stress scenarios were within
the Board-approved limits.

The Risk Committee of the Board has approved a
liquidity contingency plan, which lays down a framework for ongoing monitoring of potential liquidity contingencies and an action plan
to meet such contingencies. The liquidity contingency plan lays down several liquidity indicators, which are monitored on a pre-defined
(daily or weekly) basis and also defines the protocol and responsibilities of various teams in the event of a liquidity contingency.

Similar frameworks to manage liquidity risk have
been established at each of the overseas banking subsidiaries of the Bank addressing the risks they run as well as incorporating host
country regulatory requirements as applicable.

Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom has access
to diverse sources of liquidity to allow for flexibility in meeting its funding requirements. In line with local regulatory requirements,
ICICI Bank UK has an Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process document, which is approved by its Board of

93

Table of Contents

Directors. The Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process outlines
the stress testing framework and liquidity and funding risk limits. These limits are monitored by Asset Liability Management Committee
of ICICI Bank UK, at least on monthly basis. ICICI Bank UK has complied with these requirements throughout fiscal 2023. It maintained
liquidity coverage ratio above the stipulated level of 100.0% during fiscal 2023 and complied with Pillar 2 liquidity requirements, as
stipulated to it by the Prudential Regulation Authority.

In Canada, the liquidity coverage ratio guidelines
from the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions expect banks to ensure that the value of the liquidity coverage ratio
be no lower than 100.0%, in the absence of financial stress. At March 31, 2023, ICICI Bank Canada maintained liquidity coverage ratio
above the regulatory minimum of 100%. The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions expects each Canadian bank to have an
internal liquidity policy articulating and defining the role of liquid assets within the bank’s overall liquidity management system
and establishing minimum targets for liquid asset holdings. ICICI Bank Canada has a Liquidity Management Policy and Market Risk Management
Policy, which are approved by its Board of Directors. These limits are monitored by the Asset Liability Management Committee of ICICI
Bank Canada, at least on monthly basis. ICICI Bank Canada has complied with these guidelines throughout fiscal 2023.

In addition, Net Cumulative Cash Flow information
on a monthly basis is shared with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions consisting details of maturity pattern of assets
and liabilities and net cash flows.

See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Market
Risk—Liquidity Risk
”.

Operational Risk

Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting
from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. Operational risk includes legal risk but excludes
strategic and reputational risks. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to fines, penalties or punitive damages resulting
from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements.

The management of operational risk is governed
by the Operational Risk Management Policy approved by the Board of Directors. The Policy is applicable across the Bank including overseas
branches, ensuring a clear accountability and responsibility for management and mitigation of operational risk, developing a common understanding
of operational risk and assisting the business and operation groups to improve internal controls. The Board has constituted an Operational
Risk Management Committee for reviewing risks associated with the various business activities of the Bank. The Operational Risk Management
Committee reviews the risk profile of various key functions, the tools used for management of operational risk and implementation of the
operational risk management policies as approved by the Board. The Board has also approved a framework for approval of products and processes,
which requires the products and processes pertaining to products/product variants to be assessed from an operational risk perspective.

The key elements in the operational risk management
process in the Bank are risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and risk mitigation.

The Bank seeks to mitigate operational risk by
maintaining a comprehensive system of internal controls, establishing systems and procedures to monitor transactions, maintaining key
back-up procedures and undertaking regular contingency planning.

Operational controls and procedures at the Bank
are summarized below.

94

Table of Contents

Operational Controls and Procedures in Retail Banking

The Bank has well-defined products, sales, credit
and operations structures for customer sales, evaluation, servicing and monitoring. The Bank offers retail and transaction banking products
to customers through various channels such as branches, phone banking, digital/online, business correspondents, and empaneled service
providers. Banking transactions relating to customer accounts are processed based on built-in system checks and authorization procedures
and transactions are also subjected to enhanced due-diligence based on certain criteria. The Bank has designated centralized and regional
processing centers located at various cities across the country as well as contact centers in multiple cities for extending banking services
to customers through phone banking.

Operational Controls and Procedures for Wholesale and Transaction
Banking

The credit risk of the Wholesale banking
business is independently evaluated by the credit risk management group. The legal group reviews, the security structure and
documentation aspects and the operations group conducts verification and scrutiny of the loan documents vis-à-vis terms of
limit approved, monitoring important covenants of the terms of limit approved, monitoring creation of the security interest and
other important aspects for the facility extended by the Bank.

Operational Controls and Procedures in Treasury

The Bank has internal controls with respect to
its treasury operations, which include the segregation of duties between the treasury front-office and treasury and securities services
groups, certain control procedures, monitoring procedures through detailed reporting statements, and a well-defined code of conduct for
dealers. The Bank has also set up limits in respect of treasury operations including deal size limits and product limits. In order to
mitigate the potential risk of mis-selling, a customer suitability and appropriateness policy has been implemented. Similarly, in order
to mitigate potential contractual risks over-the-counter deal execution-related conversations are recorded. Some of the control measures
include independence of deal validation, deal confirmation, documentation, limits monitoring, treasury accounting, settlement, reconciliation
and regulatory compliance. Further, there is monitoring for unconfirmed, unsettled deals if any, delay in settlement or confirmation,
and other potential issues.

Operational Controls and Procedures for Information Technology

The Bank has a
governance framework for information technology and security with oversight by the Information Technology Strategy Committee which is
a Board-level committee chaired by an independent director. The security strategy at the Bank is based on the principle of defense in
depth and the Information Technology risk framework of the Bank enunciates three lines of defense with clearly defined roles and responsibilities.
The Bank has dedicated units responsible for information security and financial crime prevention, which are independent of the business
units. In striving to provide high availability and continuity of services to its customers, including high availability of customer
facing Information Technology systems, the Bank has a Business Continuity Management and Disaster Recovery Policy for timely recovery
of its Information Technology systems in the event of any disaster or contingency.

95

Table of Contents

To monitor the
systems, the Bank has an IT Command Center (which includes Network Operation Center). This is supported by the resilience in the design
and redundancy at every layer in Bank’s Information Technology infrastructure (servers, storage and network). The Bank has processes
for change management, identity management, access management and security operations, and these processes are periodically reviewed
and refined to keep them abreast of emerging risks and to implement commensurate controls to mitigate such risks. The Bank has a fully
equipped disaster recovery setup in place at remote location(s), which is subject to periodic disaster recovery drills. Further, stringent
gating controls are followed at the time of introducing new applications.

The Bank continuously
reviews and takes measures to enhance its IT resilience in terms of application architecture, network and infrastructure.

Outsourcing risk

The Board has approved an Outsourcing Policy to
oversee the governance around outsourcing activities. Based on the Policy, the Board and senior management are responsible for outsourcing
operations and for managing risks inherent in such outsourcing activities. The Board has constituted an Outsourcing Committee, which approves
new outsourcing activities, undertakes periodic reviews and implementation of the Outsourcing Policy, and performs other functions in
support of the Outsourcing Policy.

See also
“Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Technology—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting
our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of
confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure”
.

Anti-Money Laundering Controls

The Bank has implemented Know Your Customer/Anti-Money
Laundering/Combating of Financing of Terrorism guidelines in accordance with the provisions under Prevention of Money Laundering Act,
2002, rules promulgated thereunder and guidelines issued by the regulators from time to time.

Implementation of these guidelines includes the
formulation of a Group Anti-Money Laundering Policy which establishes the standards of Anti-Money Laundering/Combating of Financing of
Terrorism compliance and is applicable to all activities of the Bank including its Strategic Business Units in India, overseas branches
and banking & non-banking subsidiaries; oversight by the Audit Committee on the implementation of the Anti-Money Laundering framework;
appointment of a senior level officer as the Principal Officer who has the day-to-day responsibility for implementation of the Anti-Money
Laundering framework; implementation of adequate Know Your Customer

96

Table of Contents

procedures, screening of names of customers with negative lists
issued by the regulators and customer risk categorization for classifying the customers as high, medium and low risk; risk-based
transaction monitoring and regulatory reporting procedures through automated applications; implementing appropriate mechanisms to
train employees’ and to creating customer awareness on this subject. With an objective to identify, assess and understand the
money laundering and terrorist financing risks faced and adopt effective risk mitigation measures following the risk based approach,
the Bank has formulated a Money Laundering/Terrorists Financing Risk Assessment Framework covering performance of Money
Laundering/Terrorists Financing risk assessment.

See also “
Risk Factors—Risks that
arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial
sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Our Business—Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results and the prices
of our equity shares and ADSs.” See also “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings.” See also “Supervision and Regulation
— Regulations Relating to Know Your Customer and Anti-Money Laundering.”

Cyber Security

We have taken a comprehensive approach pertaining
to cyber security and have laid down policies, standards and guidelines addressing security against cyber threats. The triad of confidentiality,
integrity and availability are at the center of our comprehensive information security framework. The approach covers all aspects of prevention,
detection and response. Keeping customer priorities in mind, we follow a defense in depth approach in implementing the cyber security
solutions. The Bank also emphasizes customer protection aspects with adaptive authentication and awareness initiatives. We have been enabling
customers to easily configure control parameters related to their cards such as limits, international access and other parameters on a
self-service and real-time basis from the internet and mobile channels of the Bank. This enables customers to protect their cards from
misuse. Additionally, we have devised multiple key risk indicators and dashboards to review system stability, continuity and availability
and network uptime. The Bank’s Information Security Policy, Cyber Security Policy and Information Security Standards and Procedures
are based on various industry standards, regulatory requirements of various jurisdictions in which the Bank operates and other inputs
like internal audits and benchmarking exercises. As part of our Secure by Design philosophy, we aim to ensure that every new piece of
infrastructure or application inducted is put through rigorous security testing. The Bank has a 24x7 Security Operation Centre for monitoring
and surveillance of information technology systems. Considering the criticality and vitality of data protection, we have deployed a Data
Leakage/Loss Prevention system with data protection rules for sensitive data exposure from the Bank’s endpoints, emails and web
gateways. We also conduct and participate in cyber security drills and table top exercises to continuously fine tune our response mechanisms.
See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Technology—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks,
hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity
theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant
legal and financial exposure”.

Audit

The Internal Audit Group, governed by a Group Audit
Charter and Internal Audit Policy approved by the Board of Directors, provides independent, objective assurance on the effectiveness of
internal controls, risk management and corporate governance and suggests improvements. It helps us accomplish our objectives by evaluating
and improving the effectiveness of risk management, internal controls and governance processes, through a systematic and disciplined approach.
The Internal Audit Group acts as an independent entity and reports to the Audit Committee of the Board.

97

Table of Contents

The Internal Audit Group maintains staff with sufficient
knowledge, skills, experience and professional certifications. It deploys audit resources with expertise in audit execution and adequate
understanding of business activities. An assessment of the quality of assurance provided by the Internal Audit Group is conducted through
an independent external firm once every three years. The processes within the Internal Audit Group are certified under ISO 9001-2015.

The Internal Audit Group has adopted a risk based
audit methodology in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The risk based audit methodology is outlined in the Internal
Audit Policy. An annual risk based audit plan is drawn up based on the risk-based audit methodology and is approved by the Audit Committee
of the Board. Accordingly, the Internal Audit Group undertakes a comprehensive audit of all branches, business groups and other functions
in accordance with the risk based audit plan. Resources required for implementing the risk based audit plan are also approved by the Audit
Committee.

The Internal Audit Group also has a dedicated team
responsible for information technology and information security (including cyber security) audits. The annual audit plan covers various
components of information technology including applications, infrastructure, information technology governance/risk management and information
technology general controls. Cyber security is a key focus area for audit, and activities undertaken by the information security function
are also subjected to audit.

The Reserve Bank of India requires banks to have
a process of concurrent audits of risk sensitive areas identified as per specific business models. Centralized Processing Centres are
required to be under purview of concurrent audit. The coverage of branches/business areas under purview of concurrent audit and scope
of work to be entrusted to concurrent auditors are required to be approved by the Audit Committee. In adherence with the requirements,
the Internal Audit Group has put in place a systematic and structured approach for concurrent audit covering a review of high risk financial
transactions originated by domestic retail liability branches, throughout India. Additionally, domestic retail liability branches having
high volume of high risk financial transactions are under purview of separate concurrent audit. Various other areas including treasury
related functions and trade finance transactions are also under purview of concurrent audit. Concurrent audits are also carried out at
centralized and regional processing centers and at centralized operations units with a focus on areas that are identified as needing transaction
testing and also to test the existence of and adherence to internal controls. Some of the head office functions are also under purview
of continuous audit. The details of the concurrent audit coverage are outlined in the annual risk based audit plan, approved by the Audit
Committee.

The audit of overseas banking subsidiaries and
domestic non-banking subsidiaries is carried out by a dedicated team of resident auditors attached to the respective subsidiaries. These
audit teams functionally report to the Audit Committees of the respective subsidiary and to the Internal Audit Group of the Bank. The
audit of overseas branches and representative offices is carried out by audit teams consisting of auditors from India as well as a resident
auditor based at the Singapore branch. International operations outsourced to India are audited by a team of internal auditors in India.

Legal and Regulatory Risk

We are involved in various litigations and are
subject to a wide variety of banking and financial services laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We
are also subject to a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of these jurisdictions. Any uncertainty as to the
enforceability of the obligations of our customers and counter-parties, including the enforcement of collateral, creates legal risk.

Changes in laws and regulations could adversely
affect us. Legal risk is higher in new areas of business where the law is often untested by the courts. We seek to minimize legal risk
by our Legal Group providing legal, security or other documentation, identifying, mitigating
and advising on legal risks for our transactions, products and services, assessing legal

98

Table of Contents

 compliance requirements of the various business,
operations and other functions, assessing legal cases or claims against the Bank for provisioning (when case or claim assessed as probable)
and reporting as part of contingent liabilities in the financial statements (when case or claim assessed as possible), employing procedures
designed to ensure that transactions are properly authorized and consulting internal and external legal advisors. We are also adopting
an online dispute resolution mechanism (entailing mediation, conciliation or arbitration or combination thereof administered by an independent
institution) for speedy resolution of claims and disputes of certain retail assets and services as an alternative to approaching courts
or tribunals. Such online dispute resolution mechanism and its continuing usage will be subject to changes in law or court decisions.
See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—We are involved in various litigations. Any final judgment
awarding material damages against us could have a material adverse impact on our future financial performance and our stockholders’
equity”, “Risk Factors—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced
supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.”
and “—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
”.

Risk Management Framework for International Operations

We have adopted a risk management framework for
our international banking operations, including overseas branches, our International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit and Offshore
Banking Unit. Under the framework, the Bank’s credit, investment, asset liability management and anti-money laundering policies
apply to all the overseas branches, our International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit and Offshore Banking Unit, with modifications
to meet local regulatory or business requirements. These modifications may be made with the approval of our Board of Directors or the
committees designated by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors or a designated committee of the Board approve their respective
risk management policies, based on applicable laws and regulations as well as the Bank’s corporate governance and risk management
framework. Policies at the overseas banking subsidiaries are approved by Board of Directors of the respective subsidiaries and are framed
in consultation with the related groups in the Bank as per the risk management framework.

The Compliance Group oversees regulatory compliance
at the overseas branches, its International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit and Offshore Banking Unit. Compliance risk assessment
along with the key risk indicators pertaining to our domestic are presented to the Risk Committee of our Board of Directors on a periodic
basis. Management of regulatory compliance risk is considered as an integral component of the governance framework at the Bank and its
subsidiaries along with the internal control mechanisms.

Risk Management in Certain Subsidiaries and Affiliates

ICICI Bank UK PLC

The key risks to which ICICI Bank UK PLC is exposed
to include credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, operational risk and information security risk.

The Board of Directors of ICICI Bank UK PLC are
responsible for oversight and control of the functioning of ICICI Bank UK PLC and approves all major policies and procedures. The Board
is assisted by its sub-committees, the Audit Committee, Governance Committee, Risk Committee, Conduct Risk Committee and Credit Committee
which have been constituted to facilitate focused oversight on various risks. ICICI Bank UK PLC’s risk appetite and policies approved
by the Board/or the Board’s committees form the governing framework for each type of risk. Business activities are undertaken within
the approved risk appetite and policy framework.

99

Table of Contents

All credit risk related issues are governed by
ICICI Bank UK PLC’s Credit Risk Management Policy. ICICI Bank UK PLC takes a two-tier approach to assessment of credit risk. The
first review is carried out by the commercial officer proposing the transaction and the second review comprises of an independent assessment
and evaluation by an officer from the risk team. Credit risk is also managed at the portfolio level by monitoring key parameters of risk
concentration such as industry exposures, country exposures, internal rating category based exposures, impact of climate related risks
and large exposures.

ICICI Bank UK PLC has a Board approved Internal
Liquidity Adequacy Assessment process document, which outlines the liquidity management process of ICICI Bank UK PLC. ICICI Bank UK PLC
uses various tools for measurement of liquidity risk including the statement of structural liquidity, liquidity ratios and stress testing
through scenario analysis. In line with its liquidity risk appetite, ICICI Bank UK PLC maintains adequate high quality liquid assets/central
bank reserves to cover projected stressed outflows under various scenarios. High quality liquid assets are maintained to comply with the
liquidity coverage requirements stipulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority.

ICICI Bank UK PLC has Board or Board committee
approved policies for managing market risk such as its treasury policy manual and mandate, interest rate risk in the banking book management
policy, valuation policy, model validation policy and independent price verification policy. For monitoring and managing market risk,
it uses various risk metrics, including the duration of equity, delta net interest income, delta economic value of equity, portfolio limits,
price value of one basis point change in interest rate, price value of one basis point change in credit spread, stop loss limits and value
at risk limits.

The management of operational risk (including fraud
risk) is governed by the Operational Risk Management Policy approved by the Board Risk Committee. Operational risk elements include operational
incident management, techniques for risk identification and measurement, monitoring through key risk indicators and risk mitigation techniques.
ICICI Bank UK PLC has also implemented an outsourcing and third party risk management policy, reviewed and approved by the Board Risk
Committee on an annual basis, to mitigate outsourcing and third party risks and ensure the application of a standardized approach for
all outsourcing and third party arrangements.

ICICI Bank UK PLC’s Conduct Risk Appetite
Framework is approved by the Board of ICICI Bank UK PLC and reviewed on an annual basis by the Board Risk Committee as part of the overall
risk appetite framework of the Bank. ICICI Bank UK PLC’s Conduct Risk Appetite is closely aligned to the Financial Conduct Authority
requirements and expectations. It balances the need of all stakeholders by acting as both a governor of risk and driver of current and
future business strategy, with particular focus on delivering fair outcomes to the customers of ICICI Bank UK PLC. ICICI Bank UK PLC has
also established a Conduct Risk Policy, which is aligned with the Conduct Risk Appetite Framework and ensures that effective governance
arrangements are in place for managing and monitoring conduct risk exposure of ICICI Bank UK PLC.

ICICI Bank UK PLC has implemented an integrated
approach to IT security and established information security governance through monitoring at the Information Technology and Security
Committee. Additionally, periodic presentations are provided to the Board Risk Committee on cyber threat landscape and the measures like
periodic vulnerability and penetration testing, Application security life cycle assessment, information security awareness programs and
cyber incident management undertaken to mitigate risks. At March 31, 2023, ICICI Bank UK PLC had obtained the “Cyber Essentials”
certificate and badge which demonstrates that ICICI Bank UK PLC’s information security processes and procedures meet the UK baseline
standards.

100

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Canada

ICICI Bank Canada is exposed to risks such as credit
risk, market risk, operational risk, structural interest rate risk, liquidity risk, compliance and reputation risk. ICICI Bank Canada
has developed an Enterprise Risk Management Framework designed to ensure that the risks are identified, measured and monitored effectively.
The framework also requires the establishment of policies and procedures to monitor and mitigate the risks.

The Board of Directors of ICICI Bank Canada has
oversight on all risks assumed by ICICI Bank Canada. The Board has established committees and assigned specific mandates to the committees
for providing oversight for the various risks facing it. The policies approved by the Board create the governing framework for managing
various risks faced by ICICI Bank Canada. Business activities are undertaken within this policy framework.

The Risk Committee of the Board has delegated the
operational responsibility for credit risk management to the Management Credit Committee within the broad parameters and limits laid down
in the Corporate and Commercial Credit and Recovery Policy, Retail Credit Recovery Policy, and Residential Mortgage Underwriting Policy.
The Management Credit Committee approves credit proposals before recommending them to Risk Committee, which manages the credit risk on
a portfolio basis and reviews asset quality and portfolio quality on a monthly basis.

The Risk Committee has delegated operational responsibility
for market risk management, structural interest rate risk management and liquidity risk management to the Asset Liability Committee within
the broad parameters and limits laid down in the Market Risk Management Policy and Liquidity Management Policy respectively. The Asset
Liability Committee reviews matters pertaining to Investment and Treasury operations and the implementation of risk mitigation measures
and recommends major policy changes governing treasury activities to the Risk Committee. Asset Liability Committee reviews adherence to
market risk and liquidity risk requirements of the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, internal control guidelines
and limits.

The Risk Committee has delegated operational responsibility
for management of operational risk to the Non-Financial Risk Committee under the Management Committee. Non-Financial Risk Committee is
responsible for managing operational risks in the day-to-day operations of ICICI Bank Canada, Fraud Risk and Compliance related risk.
The Non-Financial Risk Committee under the oversight of Management Committee reviews the Operational, Compliance and Fraud Risk Management
implementation and risk profiles on a monthly basis.

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership is a primary
dealer and has Government of India securities as a significant proportion of its portfolio. The Corporate Risk Management Group at ICICI
Securities Primary Dealership has developed comprehensive risk management policies which seek to manage the risks generated by the activities
of the organization. The Corporate Risk Management Group develops and maintains models to assess market risks which are constantly updated
to capture the dynamic nature of the markets. The Corporate Risk Management Group also participates in the evaluation and introduction
of new products and business activities.

ICICI Securities Primary Dealership has an internal
Risk Management and Information Technology Strategy Committee which is chaired by an Independent Director and comprises members of its
Board of Directors. The Risk Management and Information Technology Strategy Committee is responsible for analyzing and monitoring the
risks associated with the different business activities of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership and overseeing adherence to the risk and
investment limits set by its Board of Directors.

101

Table of Contents

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company

The risk governance structure of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company consists of the Board, Board Risk Management Committee, Product Management Committee, Executive Risk Committee
and its sub-committees. The Board, on the recommendation of the Board Risk Management Committee, has approved the risk policy which covers
the identification, measurement, monitoring and control standards relating to various individual risks, namely investment (market, credit
and liquidity), insurance, reputation and operational (including legal, compliance, outsourcing, customer dissonance, business continuity,
information and cyber security) risks. The Board periodically reviews the potential impact of strategic risks such as changes in macro-economic
factors, government policies, regulatory environment and tax regime on the business plan of the ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company.

In addition to these risks, the life insurance
industry faces sustainability risks related to environmental, social and governance issues, including climate change. The risk management
framework of the ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company seeks to identify, measure and control its exposures to all these risks within
its overall risk appetite. Accordingly, sustainability risks, including climate-related risks are integrated in the risk management framework
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company.

The risk policy sets out the governance structure
for risk management at ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company. The Board Risk Management Committee, which consists of non-executive directors,
formulates the risk management policy, including asset liability management, monitors all risks across various lines of business and establishes
appropriate systems to mitigate such risks. The Board Risk Management Committee also defines ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company’s
risk appetite, review its risk profile, oversees the effective operation of the risk management system and advises the Board on key risk
issues.

During the year, a Product Management Committee
has been constituted as per Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India regulations to review and approve products/riders
in line with Board approved policy on product management and pricing.

The Executive Risk Committee, which comprises senior
management, is responsible for assisting the Board and the Board Risk Management Committee in their risk management duties by guiding,
coordinating and overseeing compliance with the risk management policies and, in particular, is jointly responsible along with the Product
Management Committee for the approval of all new products launched by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company.

The risk management model of ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company comprises a four-stage continuous cycle, namely identification and assessment, measurement, monitoring and control of
risks. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company’s risk policy details the strategy and procedures adopted to follow the risk management
cycle at the enterprise level. A risk report detailing the key risk exposures faced by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company and mitigation
measures is placed before the Board Risk Management Committee on a quarterly basis.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company is principally
exposed to risks arising out of the nature of business underwritten and credit risk on its total investment assets as well as the credit
risk it carries on its reinsurers. In respect of business risk, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company seeks to diversify its insurance
business across product classes, industry sectors and geographical regions with focus on achieving a balance between the corporate and
retail business mix to achieve favorable claim ratio and risk diversification. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company has a risk retention
and reinsurance policy whereby tolerance levels are set as per the organizational risk
appetite. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company also has the ability to limit its risk exposure by way of re-insurance and co-insurance
arrangements.

102

Table of Contents

Investments of the ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company are governed by the investment policy approved by its Board of Directors within the norms stipulated by the Insurance Regulatory
and Development Authority of India.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company also has
various subcommittees to monitor risks related to environmental and social governance, product management, operational, market, outsourcing
risks and other risks. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company continues to closely watch the evolving situation for appropriate risk
mitigation and management.

Loan Portfolio

Our gross loan portfolio increased by 17.1% from
Rs. 9,475.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 11,095.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. At year-end fiscal 2023, 90.2% of our gross
loans were rupee loans. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Financial Condition—Assets—Advances
”.

Collateral —Completion, Perfection and Enforcement

Our
loan portfolio largely consists of corporate finance and working capital loans to corporate borrowers, loans to retail customers, including
home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, personal loans and credit card receivables and agricultural financing. Our unsecured
loans primarily include personal loans, credit card receivables and loans to higher-rated corporate borrowers. For loans which are secured,
we generally stipulate that the loans should be collateralized at the time of loan origination. However, it should be noted that obstacles
within the Indian legal system can create delays in enforcing collateral. See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our
Business—If the level of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our business
will suffer”
. In India, there are no regulations stipulating loan-to-collateral limits, except in the case of home loans and
loan against gold ornaments and jewellery.

Secured consumer loan portfolio

Secured consumer loans for the purchase of assets,
such as mortgage loans and automobile loans are secured by the assets being financed (predominantly property and vehicles).

Depending on the type of borrower and the asset
being financed, the borrower may also be required to contribute towards the cost of the asset. Accordingly, the security value is generally
higher than the loan amount at the date of loan origination.

For other secured consumer loans, such as loans
against property and property overdrafts, we generally require collateral of 125.0% of the loan amount at origination.

Commercial loans

The Bank generally requires collateral at origination
for commercial loans. We may also extend unsecured facilities in certain circumstances. Such circumstances may include working capital
limits outside consortium, short term requirements of the borrower, regulatory norms/restrictions on taking security and facilities where
adequate structural comforts are available to mitigate the envisaged credit risks and retail loans such as credit cards and personal loans.
We also provide unsecured loans to higher rated, well-established corporates.

103

Table of Contents

 The collateral for project and other
corporate loans are usually immovable assets which are typically mortgaged in the Bank’s favor, or movable assets, which are typically
hypothecated or pledged in the Bank’s favor, except for projects such as road/airport and other concession based projects. These
security interests must be perfected by the registration of these interests within time limits stipulated under the Companies Act with
the Registrar of Companies pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 when borrowers are constituted as companies. Security
interests upon immovable property are generally required to be registered with the relevant Sub- Registrar in terms of the Registration
Act, 1908. This registration amounts to a constructive public notice of the security interests. We may also take security of a pledge
of financial assets like marketable securities, and obtain corporate guarantees and personal guarantees and sponsors wherever appropriate.
In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to sponsor shareholding in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’
ability to sell all or part of their shareholding. Covenants involving equity shares generally have a top-up mechanism based on price
triggers. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The value of our collateral may decrease or we may
experience delays in enforcing our collateral when borrowers default on their obligations to us which may result in failure to recover
the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential loss
”.

The Bank generally requires collateral value at
150.0% of the outstanding loan amounts for loans to real estate companies and lease rental discounting facilities. Our lease rental discounting
facility is a loan facility offered to borrowers where the loans are granted against confirmed future lease rental payments to be received
by the borrowers. Further, the Bank has also laid down limits for unsecured exposures which restrict the exposure to unsecured facilities.

For working capital facilities, the current assets
of borrowers are generally taken as collateral. Each borrower is required to declare the value of current assets periodically. The borrower’s
credit limit is subject to an internally approved ceiling that applies to all borrowers. We calculate a borrower’s credit limits
as a certain percentage of the value of the collateral, which is intended to provide us with an adequate margin, should the borrower default.

Additionally, in some cases, we may take further
security on fixed assets, a pledge of financial assets like marketable securities, or obtain corporate guarantees and personal guarantees
of sponsors wherever appropriate. We also accept post-dated checks or cash (by way of term deposits of the Bank duly lien marked our favor)
as additional comfort for the facilities provided to various entities.The Bank has an internal framework for updating the collateral values
of commercial loans on a periodic basis. In the case of lending under consortium banking arrangement, a valuation report is obtained as
per the timelines stipulated by the lead bank. The Bank is generally entitled, by the terms of security documents, to enforce security
and appropriate the proceeds towards the borrower’s loan obligations without reference to the courts or tribunals unless a client
makes a reference to such courts or tribunals to challenge such enforcement. As per the credit policy of the Bank, we comply with the
extant regulatory guidelines with respect to collateral valuation in the case of non-performing accounts.

In case of consumer installment loans, we obtain
direct debit mandates or post-dated checks towards repayment on pre-specified dates. Post-dated checks, if dishonored, may entitle us
on occurrence of certain events to initiate criminal proceedings against the issuer of the checks. We are also adopting online dispute
resolution mechanism (entailing mediation, conciliation or arbitration or combination thereof administered by an independent institution)
for speedy resolution of claims and disputes of certain retail assets and services as an alternative to approaching courts or tribunals.
Such online dispute resolution mechanism and its continuing usage will be subject to changes in law or court decisions.

We recognize that our ability to realize the full
value of the collateral in respect of current assets is affected adversely by, among other things, delays on our part in taking immediate
action, delays in bankruptcy proceedings, defects in the perfection of collateral (including due to

104

Table of Contents

 inability to obtain approvals that may be required from various
persons, agencies or authorities) and fraudulent transfers by borrowers and other factors, including current legislative provisions
or changes thereto and past or future judicial pronouncements. The value and time to dispose the collateral could also be impacted
by policy decisions. In addition, the Bank generally has a right of set-off for amounts due to us on these facilities. The Bank
generally requires its working capital loan customers to submit data on their working capital position on a regular basis, so that
we can take any actions required before the loan becomes impaired. On a case-by-case basis, we may also stop or limit the borrower
from drawing further credit from its facility.

Loan Pricing

Based on the guidelines of the Reserve Bank of
India, all rupee loans extended by Banks and credit limits renewed with effect from April 1, 2016 are required to be priced with reference
to marginal cost of funds based lending rate. As required by the guidelines, we publish the ICICI Bank marginal cost of funds based lending
rate for various tenures on a monthly basis.

The Reserve Bank of India, through its circular
dated September 4, 2019 and February 26, 2020, amended the Master Direction – Interest Rate on advances and mandated banks to link
all new floating rate personal or retail loans (e.g., housing loans or auto loans) and floating rate loans to micro, small and medium
enterprises extended by banks to specified external benchmarks. The interest rate of external benchmark linked floating rate loans shall
be reset at least once in three months. For borrowers other than retail and micro, small and medium enterprises, the Bank has the option
to offer floating rate loans linked to external benchmark or marginal cost of funds based lending rate. Currently, ICICI Bank links its
external benchmark linked floating rate loans to the Reserve Bank of India repo rate and treasury bill rates as published by Financial
Benchmarks India Pvt. Ltd.

Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

The following table sets forth certain information
relating to our subsidiaries, joint ventures and consolidated entities at year-end fiscal 2023.

Name   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership
    interest   Total income (1)   Net worth (2)   Total assets (3)
(in millions, except percentages)
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   January 1988   Private Equity/venture capital fund management   100.00%   Rs. 886   Rs. 2,474   Rs. 3,017
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited (4)   February 1993   Securities investment, trading and underwriting   100.00%   13,743   15,822   344,631
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited (4)   June 1993   Asset management company for ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   51.00%   28,382   23,131   28,048

105

Table of Contents

Name   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership
    interest   Total income (1)   Net worth (2)   Total assets (3)

ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   June 1993   Trustee company for ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   50.80%   12   17   20
ICICI Securities Limited (4)   March 1995   Securities broking & Merchant Banking   74.85%   34,223   28,251   155,365
ICICI International Limited   January 1996   Asset management   100.00%   43   122   129
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   April 1999   Trusteeship Services   100.00%   2   9   9
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited (4)   May 1999   Housing Finance   100.00%   19,508   28,070   189,449
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   March 2000   Asset management and investment advisory   100.00%   124   187   238
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. (4)(5)   June 2000   Holding company   100.00%   3   133   134
ICICI Securities Inc. (4)(5)   June 2000   Securities Broking   100.00%   222   365   435
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   July 2000   Life insurance   51.27%   509,292   100,918 (6)   2,558,472
ICICI Bank UK PLC   February 2003   Banking   100.00%   6,750   26,158   176,013
ICICI Bank Canada   September 2003   Banking   100.00%   14,060   25,256   363,465
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited (7)   April 2009   Pension fund management and Points of Presence   100.00%   164   577   652

ICICI Strategic Investments Fund (8)   February 2003   Venture capital fund   100.00%   Rs. 9   Rs. 119   Rs. 153

106

Table of Contents

(1)   Total income represents gross income from operations and other income of the entity.

(2)   Net worth represents share capital, share application money and reserves and surplus of the entity.

(3)   Total assets represent fixed assets, advances, investments and gross current assets (including cash and bank balances) of the
                                                            entity.

(4)   Number as per respective entity Ind AS financial statements pursuant to migration to Ind AS by these entities.

(5)   ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. and ICICI Securities Inc. are a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Limited.

(6)   Includes share capital, share application money-pending allotment, securities premium and fair value reserve.

(7)   ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited.

(8)   This entity has been consolidated as per Accounting Standard
21 – Consolidated Financial Statements.

The following table sets forth certain information
on our affiliates whose results were included in the consolidated financial statements under Indian GAAP at year-end fiscal 2023.

Name (1)   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership
    interest   Total income (2)   Net worth (3)   Total assets (4)
(in millions, except percentages)
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   October 2000   General insurance   48.02%   Rs. 262,483   Rs. 106,061 (5)   Rs. 550,862
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   April 2005   Services related to back end operations   19.00%   9,576   471   1,525
NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited   June 2006   Education and training in banking, finance and insurance   18.79%   193   161   245
ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   July 2009   Merchant acquiring and  servicing   19.01%   6,617   6,334   9,509
India Infradebt Limited   October 2012   Infrastructure finance   42.33%   16,321   28,063   193,017
India Advantage Fund-III   June 2005   Venture capital fund   24.10%   2   624   908
India Advantage Fund-IV   August 2005   Venture capital fund   47.14%   1   569   576
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   February 2007   Software company   19.98%   Rs. 364   Rs. 333   Rs. 624

107

Table of Contents

(1)   These entities have been accounted for as per the equity method
as prescribed by AS 23 on ‘Accounting for Investments in Associates in Consolidated Financial Statements’.

(2)   Total income represents gross income from operations and other
income of the entity.

(3)   Net worth represents share capital/unit capital (in case of
venture capital funds) and reserves and surplus of the entity.

(4)   Total assets represent fixed assets, advances, investments and
gross current assets (including cash and bank balances) of the entity.

(5)   Includes share capital, share application money-pending allotment,
securities premium and fair value reserve.

At year-end fiscal 2023, all of our subsidiaries
and joint ventures were incorporated in India, except the following five companies:

·   ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., incorporated in the United States;

·   ICICI Securities Inc., incorporated in the United States;

·   ICICI Bank UK PLC, incorporated in the United Kingdom;

·   ICICI Bank Canada, incorporated in Canada;

·   ICICI International Limited, incorporated in Mauritius.

ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. is a wholly
owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Holdings
Inc. ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. and ICICI Securities Inc. are consolidated in ICICI Securities’ Limited’s financial
statements.

Technology

Technology organization

Dedicated technology teams are responsible for
the implementation and support of technology platforms and solutions used across various business functions. Besides the business facing
technology teams, there are technology operations and technology infrastructure teams responsible for providing. monitoring and maintaining
the technology solutions including data center and cloud infrastructure of the Bank. The Technology Management Group is a team which is
responsible for the technology strategy of the Bank including implementation of enterprise architecture. Our startup engagement and investment
team seeks to leverage innovation in the startup and technology ecosystem.

Digital platforms and journeys for retail customers

We use artificial intelligence and machine learning
based engines to develop customer profiles and curate personalized offerings for them. We offer various solutions such as account opening,
payment solutions, home loans, automobile loans, personal loans, credit cards, term life insurance, health insurance and investment solutions
to our customers suiting their life-stage needs through our digital channels –via our retail internet banking platform and our mobile
banking application, iMobile Pay. Our retail internet banking platform offers users a native dashboard, semantic and personalized search
options and an interface that can be personalized by them to suit their requirements and preferences. The open architecture based feature
of iMobile Pay allows users to make payments using unified payments interface even if they do not have an account with us. The features
‘Pay to contact’ and ‘Scan to Pay’ continued to drive payments growth in fiscal 2023. These features have led
to an increase in adoption of iMobile Pay. We continuously seek to improve user experience on iMobile Pay to attract more customers. Other
features introduced on iMobile Pay include the personal finance management solution, a unique personal finance, expense and budget management
tool to engage with customers digitally and help them manage their finances effectively. The app also introduced a ‘One view card’,
a dedicated card in the app, where customers can see all pre-approved loans and card offers in one click. There are over 400 services
on the app, with a voice search that makes navigation across these services quick and convenient.

108

Table of Contents

We use video interaction for carrying out Know
Your Customer while onboarding new customers. We offer instant home loan approvals, car loan disbursements, personal loan disbursements
and credit cards that are accessible entirely through our retail internet banking platform and iMobile Pay. The processing of loans is
digitized, enabling instant disbursement to pre-approved customers. We also offer an instant digital credit facility, PayLater, on iMobile
Pay which enables pre-approved customers to access instant credit for buying small ticket items through unified payments interface. iLens
is an integrated, digital lending solution for mortgages which covers all facets of loan lifecycle starting from sales till disbursement,
including property appraisal. It is a single interface for employees, third party agencies and distribution channels with the objective
of providing smooth transaction experience and enhanced operational efficiency. iLens has an inbuilt customer interface “TrackMyLoan”
through which the customers can track real time status of their loan application, submit documents, respond to queries and access various
communications and documents like an approval letter or fees acknowledgment. Mortgage is the first retail product which went live on iLens
platform and other retail products are in the process of being on-boarded. This is expected to further enable the Bank to provide enhanced
customer experience and increase its ability to capture the entire customer 360° ecosystem in a frictionless and digital way, thereby
creating value for customer and the Bank.

Digital payments and partnerships

We have continued to strengthen our position in
the digital payments ecosystem by designing seamless journeys for customers, facilitating higher volumes and prompting recurrent transactions.
Our strategy is to participate in unified payments interface, which is a funds transfer system that enables real-time movement of funds,
both directly through our own platforms, and partner with third party players in the peer-to-peer and peer-to-merchant space.

FASTag is an electronic toll collection system
in India operated by the National Highways Authority of India through prepaid radio frequency identification tags. We are one of the leading
banks in electronic toll collection on highways through FASTag. We have not only pioneered the usage of FASTag for toll payments at various
national and state highway but also expanded the usage of FASTag for parking payments at airports, malls, hospitals and tech parks across
the country.

We have partnerships such as with Amazon Pay, a
leading global ecommerce company, and MakeMyTrip, a leading Indian online travel portal, Emirates Skywards and others to offer co-branded
credit cards. We offer these credit cards to our customers as well as non-ICICI Bank account holders. Amazon Pay credit cards continued
to see healthy traction with over 4.0 million Amazon Pay credit cards were issued until year-end fiscal 2023. We aim to provide comprehensive
solutions to the new-to-bank customers that have been acquired through Amazon Pay credit cards. The growth in credit card transactions
was driven by higher activation rate through digital onboarding of customers, including Amazon Pay credit cards, and automated and effective
portfolio management.

Digital platforms and solutions for rural customers

We use imagery from observation satellites to measure
an array of parameters related to the land, irrigation and crop patterns which is used in combination with demographic and financial parameters
to make expeditious lending decisions for farmers. This has helped in reducing the time taken for credit assessment.

Technology in debt service management

Our Debt Servicing practice has been built on the
core of leveraging on technology and advanced data analytics that enables us to reach Right Customer at the Right Time using non-intrusive
channel at an optimal cost. We collect over 40% of our early defaults through Machine Learning Technology (“MLT”)

109

Table of Contents

based risk models using contactless channel i.e. interactive voice bot,
intelligent Interactive Voice Response (“IVR”) and Short Messaging Service (“SMS”) in more than 13+ languages.
We have been using various digital payment solution that helps in collecting over 90% of payment digitally. For our Rural portfolio we
use satellite based images and data algorithms to enhance the collection efficiencies.

Digital platforms and journeys for business banking customers,
small and medium enterprise customers, merchant ecosystem and ecommerce ecosystem

Our digital platform, InstaBIZ, is a one stop solution
for all banking needs catering to small and medium enterprises, individuals, proprietors and merchants. We have seen an increase in the
engagement level of customers on the InstaBIZ app. In line with evolving trends of shift towards open architecture, the InstaBIZ app is
interoperable and is available to both ICICI Bank customers and non-ICICI Bank customers for availing the multiple product offerings.
Any customer can now open current account instantly through Know Your Customer Video (video KYC) in a seamless paperless manner which
leverages our Application Programme Interfaces that auto fill the account opening form and validate the identity of the merchant instantly
using Permanent Account Number/Aadhaar number. Through ‘InstaOD Plus’, customers of any bank can avail an overdraft up to
Rs. 2.5 million instantly. Our customers can activate the overdraft facility into their current account instantly, while customers of
other banks can do so after opening of a current account with us digitally by using Know Your Customer video. The ‘Manage and Grow
your business’ section within InstaBIZ is powered by multiple banking partners for accounting, taxation, analytics and networking.
Customers can use auto-reconciliation with accounting partners, which gives the customer a single click experience for all his business
needs without having to manage between different platforms.

Our Trade Online platform allows customers to perform
most of their trade finance and foreign exchange transactions, such as regularization of bill of entry and export bills, accessing letters
of credit and fixed deposit backed bank guarantees, accessing export credit, and facilitating import and export bill collections digitally.
The platform also enables clients to manage regulatory compliances. With a view to meet the working capital requirements of exporters,
we have launched Insta Export Packing Credit (Insta EPC), a digital solution, which offers instant export finance to customers. The process
automates the entire scrutiny cycle through integrations with various internal and external applications.

During fiscal 2023, we launched APIs for trade
finance, a solution that establishes a direct communication channel by linking the customer’s enterprise resource planning (“ERP”)
and the Bank’s internal systems in a secure and seamless manner. Trade APIs enable end-to-end encryption of data and real-time updates.
It helps in streamlining the flow of information from the customers’ ERP to the Bank’s systems. Electronic Bank Guarantee
(“eBG”) is an Application Programming Interface (“API”) based digital workflow, which eliminates physical issuance,
stamping, authentication and paper intensive record maintenance of bank guarantees.

Our strategy in the merchant ecosystem space involves
onboarding merchants through acquiring platforms or by providing them payment gateways and then cross-selling other financial products
and services seamlessly. Our “Merchant STACK” offers an array of banking and value-added services to retailers, online businesses
and large e-commerce firms. The main pillars of the Merchant STACK include a zero-balance Super Merchant Current Account which offers
various benefits such as digital account opening and instant overdraft facilities based on point-of-sale transactions. Current accounts
for individuals and sole proprietors can now be opened swiftly through the video KYC process. Throughout fiscal year 2023, we have continued
our investment efforts in enriching the product offerings for merchants by introducing new functionalities such as e rupee redemption,
voice notification of quick response (“QR”) transactions on the Instabiz app, acceptance of Rupay credit card on QR, customized
settlement cycles and more. Merchants can also perform instant reconciliation by using the Connected

110

Table of Contents

Banking services, which integrates banking with the merchants’
accounting system. The Merchant STACK also offers a digital store management feature for invoicing, inventory and collections management.

The e-commerce ecosystem lends significant opportunities
for us to offer digital solutions to customers and merchants selling their goods through e-commerce websites. Our ‘Cardless Equated
Monthly Instalment (“EMI”)’ facility enables our pre-approved customers to convert their transactions into equated monthly
installments at the check-out section of the e-commerce website or mobile application. Some key solutions offered to e-commerce entities
and their sellers include an overdraft facility, composite pay Application Programme Interfaces enabling payments through various channels,
foreign currency fixed deposit, working capital and easy payment solutions. For customers utilizing e-commerce platforms, we offer solutions
such as digital wallets, prepaid cards, co-branded credit cards, and instantaneous credit through the Bank's PayLater solution.

Digital platforms and solutions for corporate and institutional
customers and their ecosystems

“ICICI STACK for Corporates” offering
comprehensive solutions to corporates and their ecosystem like channel partners, dealers, vendors, employees and other stakeholders, thus
bringing the full range of banking services to the customer. ICICI STACK for Corporates offers customized services to companies in over
20 key industries and their entire ecosystem. Armed with the Bank’s state-of-the art digital platforms, these services can further
be tailor-made for companies within an industry. The four main pillars of ‘ICICI STACK for Corporates’ are (1) digital banking
solutions for corporates; (2) digital supply chain management solutions; (3) digital banking services for employees; and (4) curated services
for senior client personnel. Platforms offered to corporate customers as a part of ICICI STACK for Corporates include Corporate Internet
Banking, Trade Online and FX Online, and other platforms. Trade Emerge, an online platform for cross-border trade, is a one stop solution
for all the trade related needs of exporters and importers. It eliminates the need for companies to coordinate with multiple touchpoints.
Trade Emerge has also been integrated with Corporate Internet Banking and InstaBIZ and Trade Online to ensure that all banking and other
needs of exporters and importers are fulfilled inside the ICICI ecosystem. Since the launch of Trade Emerge in fiscal 2022, the platform
has witnessed an encouraging response from both ICICI and non-ICICI customers. During fiscal year 2023, we increased the scope of services
being offered on Trade Emerge platform by partnering with service providers who are industry leaders. These additional services include
warehousing, inland logistics, logistics documentation and regulatory information. We have also enabled instant and hassle free current
account opening on Trade Emerge and have set up a dedicated phone banking team, which will help us in catering to customer needs more
quickly.

Our solutions to meet the needs of customers and
their ecosystems are supported by robust online channels and Application Programme Interfaces that aim to impart convenience and efficiency
to our clients.

Supply chain financing is an integral part and
a focus area towards deepening our coverage of the corporate ecosystem. Our wide range of supply chain and structured trade products offers
a one stop solution to corporate clients and their supply chain partners helping in optimizing their working capital needs and increasing
efficiencies in their ecosystem. These supply chain solutions are offered digitally through our platforms namely OneSCF, FSCM, CorpConnect
and DigitalLite, wherein corporates can seamlessly manage their supply chain requirements of payments, collection, data reconciliation
and customized dashboards in a convenient and paperless environment thereby bringing in efficiencies in the corporates supply chain management.
Our digital approving engine assess the credit eligibility of the corporate’s dealers and vendors for credit through business rule
engine, Goods and Services Tax returns, intelligent algorithm with automated bureau checks, dedupe checks.

111

Table of Contents

We have a strong focus on integrating banking with
corporate ERP system using API not only for financial transactions but also for non-financial transactions. Few of these are fixed deposit
creation, bank reconciliations, holding collections then validating with ERP and confirming before crediting to corporate bank accounts.
To give a one-stop solution for all statutory requirements of the customer, we facilitated online payment of customs duty along with direct
taxes, Goods and Services Tax and various others tax payments.

Our treasury-trading infrastructure has an internet
protocol telephony based architecture. We have enhanced our existing process of automation in the treasury business, thus reducing trading
risks and enhancing market competitiveness. The iTreasury feature on our corporate internet banking platforms offers a unified, intuitive,
one-view dashboard to corporates to meet their treasury requirements. We have centralized the processing systems of treasuries of all
our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries. As a result, the processing of transactions as well as the applications used for deal
entry are now centrally located and maintained in India.

Transforming into Bank
Tech

In fiscal 2023, we continued to progress on our
journey from
Bank to Bank
Tech
 and invested in key technology solutions which provide us competitive edge across business
and operational capabilities. From a business perspective, the priorities driving our technology focus include improving customers’
digital experiences across various touch points and enabling sales and cross-selling of products and services with data serving as the
foundation for informed decision-making leading to the creation of comprehensive value propositions for customers. We constantly upgrading
and strengthening the technology infrastructure with a goal to build a secure, stable and resilient technology infrastructure and improving
operational efficiency. Business process optimisation through adoption of intelligent automation platforms including robotic processes
have enabled efficiency across business and operational functions. These have brought about faster turnaround time besides enabling increased
capacity for handling transaction volumes and customer requirements. As part of our technology strategy, we focus on creating an enterprise
architecture framework across digital platforms, data and analytics, micro services-based architecture, cloud computing, cognitive intelligence
and other emerging technologies. This is based on the founding pillars of scalability, modularity, flexibility and agility, resilience
and reliability, and creating delightful and digitally native customer experiences to enable sustainable profitable growth. The key priorities
that dominate our technology requirements include our technology platforms, embedded banking, cloud adoption and data platforms and analytics.

We have a dedicated data science and analytics
team that works across business areas on projects relating to business analytics, decision strategies, forecasting models, machine learning,
rule engines and performance monitoring. We maintain a comprehensive enterprise wide data warehouse and employ statistical and modelling
tools for leading-edge analytics.

In driving an innovation and start-up mindset,
we have set up an Innovation Centre to collaborate with and invest in fintech startups and co-develop products aligned with the Bank’s
digital roadmap. The engagements with the startups are focused on payments, digital lending, customer experience, risk management and
platforms.

Data Center and
Disaster Recovery System

We have a data center at Hyderabad, which is designed
to optimize energy efficiency and accommodate high server densities. We also have a disaster recovery data center at Jaipur. We are also
creating additional capacity through new data centers in Mumbai. We have developed business continuity plans, which would help facilitate
continuity of critical businesses in the event of a disaster. These plans are tested periodically and have been prepared in line with
the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of

112

Table of Contents

India and have been approved by our Board of Directors. The Bank has
also equipped itself with state-of-the-art infrastructure management systems which leverage Internet of Things based technology at its
data center for optimal utilization of energy and reduction of operational costs.

Competition

We face competition in all our principal areas
of business from Indian and foreign commercial banks, housing finance companies, non-banking financial companies, new differentiated banks
in the private sector such as payments banks and small finance banks, non-bank entities offering retail payments and other services, mutual
funds and investment banks. We seek to gain competitive advantage over our competitors by offering innovative products and services, using
technology, building customer relationships and developing a team of highly motivated and skilled employees. We evaluate our competitive
position separately in respect of our products and services for retail and corporate customers.

Commercial banks in India meet the short-term financial
needs, or working capital requirements, of industry, trade and agriculture, provide long-term financing to sectors like infrastructure
and provide retail loan products. At March 31, 2023, there were approximately 139 scheduled commercial banks in the country, with a network
of approximately 1,55,063 branches serving approximately Rs. 184.3 trillion in deposit accounts. Scheduled commercial banks are banks
that are listed in the second schedule of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, and are further categorized as public sector banks, private
sector banks and foreign banks. Scheduled commercial banks have a presence throughout India, with approximately 63.2% of bank branches
located in rural or semi-urban areas of the country.

Commercial Banking Products and Services for
Retail Customers

In the retail markets, competition has traditionally
been from foreign and Indian commercial banks, non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies. In recent years, competition
is also emerging from new types of banks that have entered the financial market such as small finance banks and payments banks and non-bank
entities offering payments and other services.

Non-financial companies, particularly international
technology companies including large e-commerce players and internet-based service providers, are increasing their presence in the financial
sector and are offering payment platforms and select services. We are currently partnering with some of these entities to jointly offer
payment and credit products and services. Some or all of these entities, which have substantially more resources than us and other Indian
banks, may eventually seek a larger share of the banking and financial services market in India. ICICI Bank is also undertaking various
initiatives in developing a strong technology architecture like focus on platforms and digitization, continuous investments in innovations
and security features to be able to respond to the needs of customers with agility.

We seek to compete in this market through a comprehensive
product portfolio and effective distribution channels, which include digital channels, branches and partnerships. We seek to build a localised
understanding of market requirements through analytics and develop an efficient distribution and resource allocation strategy. We offer
a comprehensive suite of products and services to customers. These include savings, investment, credit and protection products based on
customer needs, along with convenient payment and transaction banking services. We continuously strive to adopt a ‘Fair to Customer,
Fair to Bank’ approach across all our businesses.

Commercial Banking Products and Services for
Agricultural and Rural Customers

In our commercial banking operations for agricultural
and rural customers, we face competition from public sector banks that have large branch networks in rural India. Other private sector
banks and non-

113

Table of Contents

banking finance companies have also increased their focus on rural markets.
We also face competition from specialized players such as rural-focused financial institutions and micro-finance companies. The Reserve
Bank of India has issued licenses to specialized small finance banks, which have higher directed lending targets compared to banks and
will compete in the rural and unorganized sectors. We seek to compete in this business based on our product strategy, capturing ecosystems,
technological capabilities and having multiple channels and an approach to holistically meet the financial needs of customers in this
segment.

Commercial Banking Products and Services for
Corporate Customers

We seek to compete in this segment based on our
service and prompt turnaround time that we believe are significantly faster than public sector banks, as well as the significant improvement
in our funding base and funding cost in recent years which enables us to participate profitably in higher rated corporate credit. We seek
to compete with the large branch networks of the public sector banks through our multi-channel distribution, ecosystem branches and technology-driven
delivery capabilities.

We compete with foreign banks in cross-border trade
finance based on our wider geographical reach in India relative to foreign banks and our technology-based customized trade financing solutions
enabling most transactions to be undertaken digitally. We have leverage our balance sheet size, wider branch network, strong technological
capabilities and our international presence to compete in treasury-related products and services.

Other private sector banks also compete in the
corporate banking market on the basis of efficiency, service delivery and technology. However, we believe that our size, capital base,
strong corporate relationships, wider geographical reach and ability to use technology to provide innovative, value-added products and
services provide us with a competitive edge.

Commercial Banking Products and Services for
International Customers

In our international operations, we face competition
from Indian public sector banks with overseas operations, foreign banks with products and services targeted at non-resident Indians and
Indian businesses and other service providers such as remittance services. Foreign banks have become more competitive in providing financing
to Indian businesses leveraging their strength of access to lower cost foreign currency funds. We are seeking to position ourselves as
an Indian bank offering products and services focused on non-resident Indians, capturing the ecosystem of multi-national corporates and
India-linked trade and funds corridors with an extensive distribution network in India, to gain competitive advantage. We seek to leverage
our technology capabilities developed in our domestic businesses to offer convenience and efficient services to our international customers.
We also seek to leverage our strong relationships with Indian corporations in our international business.

Insurance and Asset Management

Our insurance
and asset management businesses face competition from existing dominant public sector players as well as new private sector players.
We believe that our subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited
and our affiliate, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, have built strong product, distribution and risk management capabilities,
achieving strong market positions in their respective businesses. We believe that the ability to leverage ICICI Bank’s retail franchise
and distribution network is a key competitive advantage for our insurance and asset management subsidiaries.

114

Table of Contents

Employees

At year-end fiscal 2023, we had 157,799 employees,
including sales executives, employees on fixed term contracts and interns. Of these, ICICI Bank employed 129,020 employees at year-end
fiscal 2023. Of our 157,799 employees at year-end fiscal 2023, 89,197 were professionally qualified, holding degrees in management, accountancy,
engineering, law, computer science, economics or banking.

We dedicate a significant amount of senior management
time in ensuring that employees remain highly motivated and are aligned to the organization’s core employee proposition. Employee
compensation is linked to performance of the Bank and we encourage the involvement of our employees in the overall performance and profitability
of the Bank. Performance and succession planning systems have been instrumental in assisting management in career development. Management
believes that it has good working relationships with its employees.

ICICI Bank pays performance linked retention
pay to its front-line employees and junior management and performance bonus to its middle and senior management. Performance linked
retention pay aims to reward front-line and junior managers mainly on the basis of skill maturity attained through experience and
continuity in role which is a key differentiator for customer services. The Bank uses a higher proportion of variable pay at senior
levels and lower variable pay at front-line staff and junior management levels. The quantum of bonus for an employee does not exceed
a certain percentage of the total fixed pay in a year. Within this percentage, if the bonus exceeds a predefined limit, a part of
the bonus is deferred and paid over a period. Senior managers and employees in senior management are also given employee stock
options as variable pay. The deferred portion of variable pay pertaining to the assessment year or previous years (as defined in the
policy) is subject to malus, under which the Bank prevents vesting of all, part or none of the unvested variable pay in the event of
assessed divergence in the Bank’s provisioning for non-performing assets exceeding the prescribed threshold, in the event of a
reasonable evidence of deterioration in financial performance, in the event of gross misconduct and/or in the event of other acts as
mentioned in the policy. In such cases (other than assessed divergence), variable pay already paid out may also be subjected to claw
back arrangements, as applicable. See also “
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and
Officers—Employee Stock Option Scheme
”.

ICICI Bank has training centers, where
various training programs designed to meet the changing skill requirements of its employees are conducted. These training programs
include orientation sessions for new employees and management development programs for mid-level and senior executives. The training
centers regularly offer courses conducted by faculty, both national and international, drawn from industry, academia and ICICI
Bank’s own organization. Training programs are also conducted for developing functional as well as managerial skills. Products
and operations training are also conducted through web-based training modules. ICICI Bank has focused on providing blended learning
solutions to the employees. Digital and behavioral learning interventions have been introduced along with functional trainings
(including on risk and compliance) for various business groups in retail, wholesale, transaction banking and others. These programs
are customized and presented after detailed need analysis based on role, vintage and functions. The Bank has worked for creating a
structure where every role under each business unit has suitable learning programs.

In addition to basic compensation, employees of
ICICI Bank are eligible to receive loans from ICICI Bank at subsidized rates and to participate in its provident fund and other employee
benefit plans. See also “
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Employee Stock Option Scheme
”.

Properties

Our existing registered office is located at ICICI
Bank Tower, Near Chakli Circle, Old Padra Road, Vadodara 390 007, Gujarat, India. Our corporate headquarters are located at ICICI Bank
Towers, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400 051, Maharashtra, India. The Board of Directors at their Meeting held on

115

Table of Contents

May 9, 2020 approved the shifting of registered office to its corporate
headquarters. The Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on August 14, 2020 also approved the shifting of registered office of
the Bank.

ICICI Bank had a domestic branch network consisting
of 5,900 branches, 16,650 ATMs and cash recycler machines at March 31, 2023 compared to 5,418 branches, 16,609 ATMs and cash recycler
machines at March 31, 2022. These facilities are located throughout India. In addition to branches, extension counters and ATMs, ICICI
Bank has 54 controlling or administrative offices, including our registered office at Vadodara and our corporate headquarters at Mumbai,
66 processing centers and 46 currency chests.

We also provide residential facilities to employees
in India. At March 31, 2023, we owned 488 apartments for providing residential facilities to our employees.

Legal and Regulatory Proceedings

We are involved in various litigations and are
subject to a wide variety of banking and financial services laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We
are also subject to a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of these jurisdictions. We are involved in a number
of legal proceedings and regulatory relationships in the ordinary course of our business, some of which have resulted in penalties imposed
on and paid by us in the past.

The following matters have been settled under settlement
regulations with the Securities and Exchange Board of India:

·   In September 2019, Securities and Exchange Board of India imposed a penalty
of Rs. 1 million on ICICI Bank Limited and a penalty of Rs. 0.2 million on the former Compliance Officer of ICICI Bank for alleged delayed
disclosure of an agreement relating to the merger of ICICI Bank Limited with former Bank of Rajasthan. The former Compliance Officer and
the Bank had filed an appeal against the order of Securities and Exchange Board of India with the Securities Appellate Tribunal which
converted the monetary penalty imposed on the Bank and former Compliance Officer to a warning.

Subsequently, Securities Exchange Board
of India filed an appeal with the Supreme Court of India against the order passed by the Securities Appellate Tribunal against the appeal
filed by ICICI Bank whereby the monetary penalty imposed on the Bank was modified to a warning. Separately, the Bank also filed an appeal
with the Supreme Court of India against the Securities Appellate Tribunal order. These matters were heard by the Supreme Court of India
wherein the Supreme Court directed an interim stay on the operation of the orders passed by the Securities Appellate Tribunal. The Bank
and former Compliance Officer subsequently filed counter affidavits before the Supreme Court of India. To bring closure to the matter,
the former Compliance Officer and the Bank filed the settlement application with Securities and Exchange Board of India under Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Settlement Proceedings) Regulations, 2018 pursuant to which former Compliance Officer and the Bank has paid
the settlement amount of Rs 3.1 million and Rs 5.5 million, respectively, to Securities and Exchange Board of India. The Supreme Court
subsequently disposed off all the appeals in view of the settlement between the parties. Further, in May 2022, Securities and Exchange
Board of India communicated to the Bank that in view of the order of the Supreme Court, the matter stands settled in respect of the appeals
as mentioned in the said order.

116

Table of Contents

The Bank also adheres to the anti-money laundering
requirements as specified by the regulators of respective geographies. The Bank’s anti-money laundering framework is subject to
audit by the Internal Audit Department and their observations are reported to the Audit Committee at regular intervals.

·   In 2017, the Bank received three notices from Unique Identification Authority of India for non-compliance of certain requirements
of guidelines under Aadhaar (Authentication) Regulations, 2016. The Bank has responded to these notices and is awaiting further communication
from Unique Identification Authority of India in this regard.

·   On October 3, 2022, ICICI Bank Limited’s New York Branch entered into a consent order with its federal banking supervisor, the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which requires the Bank’s New York Branch to enhance certain processes in its Bank Secrecy
Act/Anti-Money Laundering program and establish and maintain an effective Sanctions Compliance program. The consent order does not involve
any monetary penalty.

The observations made by the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency are restricted only to the New York Branch of ICICI Bank Limited which constitutes 0.61% of ICICI Bank’s
total assets at June 30, 2022 and the Bank believes that the consent order will not have a material adverse effect on its business, nor
does the consent order restrict any of the New York Branch’s existing activities, apart from requiring the corrective actions as
specified under the consent order. The Bank’s New York Branch is committed to taking all necessary and appropriate steps to address
the aspects identified and implement the corrective actions as approved by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

Contingent tax liability

At year-end fiscal 2023, our contingent
tax liability was assessed at an aggregate of Rs. 82.5 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 84.8 billion), mainly pertaining to income tax, service
tax, goods and services tax and sales tax/value added tax demands by the Government of India’s tax authorities for past years. We
have appealed against each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with counsel and favorable decisions in our own and other similar
cases as set out below, management believes that the tax authorities are not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments and,
accordingly, we have not provided for these tax demands at year-end fiscal 2023. Disputed tax issues that are classified as remote are
not disclosed as contingent liabilities by us.

Of the contingent tax liability of
Rs. 82.5 billion
(March
31, 2022: Rs. 84.8 billion)
:

☐   Rs. 72.4 billion (March 31,
2022: Rs. 73.2 billion) related to appeals filed by us or the tax authorities with respect to assessments mainly pertaining to income
tax and interest tax, where we were relying on favorable precedent decisions of the appellate authorities and opinions from counsel.
The key disputed liabilities were:

· Rs.
    29.0 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 29.6 billion) related to whether interest expenses can be attributed to earning tax-exempt income. We
    believe that no interest can be allocated as there are no borrowings earmarked for investments in shares/tax free bonds and our interest
    free funds are sufficient to cover investments in the underlying tax free securities. We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel
    and past decisions by the appellate authorities in the Group’s own cases and other similar cases; · Rs.
15.0 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 15.0 billion) related to the disallowance of mark-to-market losses on derivative transactions treated
by the tax authorities as notional losses. We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities

117

Table of Contents

in the Group’s own cases and other
    similar cases, which had allowed the deduction of mark-to-market losses from business income; · Rs.
5.3 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 5.2 billion) related to disallowance of provision for operating expense by the tax authorities treating
it as contingent in nature. We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities in other
similar cases; · Rs.
    5.1 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 6.0 billion) related to the disallowance of interest paid on perpetual bonds as the tax authorities do
    not deem these as borrowings and therefore the interest paid on these bonds has not been allowed as a deduction. We have relied on a favorable
    opinion from legal counsel and past decision by the appellate authorities in the Group’s own case;

· Rs.
    4.7 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 4.7 billion) related to the disallowance of depreciation claims on leased assets, due to treatment of
    the lease transactions as loan transactions by the tax authorities. We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions
    by the appellate authorities in the Group’s own case and other similar cases; · Rs.
    3.6 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 3.6 billion) related to the disallowance of written-off amounts for credit cards for claiming bad debt
    write-offs. It was disallowed on the ground that the credit card business is neither a banking business nor pertaining to money lending
    and hence did not fulfill conditions for claim of bad debt write-off. We have relied on a favorable opinion from counsel and past decision
    by the appellate authorities in the Group’s own case; · Rs.
    3.4 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 3.4 billion) relates to interest on non-performing assets de-recognized as per the Reserve Bank of India
    guidelines after 90 days. Interest income is assessed to tax on the ground that tax provisions have 180 days limit as against 90 days
    followed by the Bank. We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities in our own and
    other similar cases; · Rs.
    1.0 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1.0 billion) related to taxability of amounts withdrawn from the special reserve. The Bank had maintained
    two special reserve accounts, which included a special reserve created up to assessment year fiscal 1998. Withdrawals from the account
    were assessed as taxable by the tax authorities for the assessment years fiscal 1999 to fiscal 2001. We have received favorable orders
    in respect of these assessment years. However, the income tax authorities have preferred further appeal against the favorable orders;

☐   Rs. 8.9 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 10.2 billion) was in respect of
    service tax and goods and service tax matters which mainly pertain to the demands along with interest and penalty levied by the service
    tax and goods and service tax authorities wherein we are relying on favorable opinion from counsel. The key disputed liabilities were: · Rs.
    2.1 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 2.0 billion) relates to disallowance of input credit on ATM interchange fees paid to acquiring banks
    and switching fee paid to settlement agency on the basis of monthly statement and 100% penalty on the same. We have relied on favorable
    opinion from counsel;

118

Table of Contents

· Rs.
1.5 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1.5 billion) relates to service tax and interest on interchange fees received by us as an issuing bank.
We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel; · Rs.
1.1 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1.1 billion) pertaining to ICICI Strategic Investment Fund relates to retention of contribution received
by the fund, being treated as income received towards the services rendered by the fund to its contributors. We have relied on favorable
opinion from counsel.

☐   Rs. 1.2 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1.3 billion) pertained to sales tax/value added tax demand. The matters mainly relate to procedural issues like submission of statutory forms and adhoc additions in turnover. We have relied on favorable opinions from the counsels and decisions in own/other cases.

Based on judicial precedents in our own and other
cases, and upon consultation with the tax counsel, we believe that it is more likely that our tax position will be sustained and accordingly,
no provision has been made in the accounts.

The above contingent liabilities do not include
Rs. 34.9 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 36.2 billion), considered as remote. Of the total disputed tax demands classified as remote, Rs.
30.5 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 30.8 billion) pertained mainly to the deduction of bad debts, broken period interest and levy of penalties
which are covered by favorable Supreme Court of India decisions in own/other cases and Rs. 3.6 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 4.5 billion)
pertained to error requiring rectification by tax authorities. Therefore, they were not required to be disclosed as contingent liability.

Litigation

A number of litigations and claims against ICICI
Bank and its directors are pending in various forums. The claims on ICICI Bank mainly arise in connection with civil cases involving allegations
of service deficiencies, property or labor disputes, fraudulent transactions, economic offences and other cases filed in the normal course
of business. We are also subject to counterclaims arising in connection with our enforcement of contracts and loans. A provision is created
where an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. In view of the inherent unpredictability
of litigation and for cases where the claim amount sought is substantial, the actual cost of resolving litigations may be substantially
different from the provision held.

We held a total provision of Rs. 794 million at
year-end fiscal 2023 for 677 cases with claims totaling to Rs. 1.7 billion, where an unfavorable outcome was deemed probable and in respect
of which a reliable estimate could be made.

For cases where an unfavorable outcome is deemed
to be reasonably possible but not probable, the amount of claims is included in contingent liabilities. At year-end fiscal 2023, such
claims amounted to a total of Rs. 3.0 billion relating to 45 cases. It was not possible to estimate the possible loss or range of possible
losses for these cases due to the nature of the cases and other external factors. For cases where the possibility of an unfavorable outcome
is deemed remote, we have not made a provision, nor have we included the amount of the claims in these cases in contingent liabilities.

In some instances, civil litigants have named our
directors as co-defendants in legal proceedings against ICICI Bank. There were 357 such cases at year-end fiscal 2023. Management believes,
based on consultation with counsel, that the claims and counterclaims filed against us in the above legal proceedings that are assessed
as remote are frivolous and untenable and their ultimate resolution will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition or liquidity. Based on a

119

Table of Contents

review of other litigations by Legal Group, management believes that
the outcome of such other matters will also not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash
flows.

At year-end fiscal 2023, there were 113 ongoing
litigations (including those where the likelihood of our incurring liability is assessed as “probable”, “possible”
and “remote”), each involving a claim of Rs. 10 million or more against us, with an aggregate amount of Rs. 771.8 billion
(to the extent quantifiable and including amounts claimed jointly and severally from us and other parties).

For proceedings filed by the former Managing Director
and Chief Executive Officer relating to her termination, see “
Risk Factors—Risks that arise as a result of our presence
in a highly regulated sector —The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, taken action against the
former Managing Director and CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory agencies
to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory sanctions that may materially and
adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition and reputation.”

We cannot predict the timing or form of any future
regulatory or law enforcement initiatives, which we note are increasingly common for international banks, but we would expect to co-operate
with any such regulatory investigation or proceeding.

American Depository Receipt Fees and Payments

Fees and Charges Payable by Holders of our ADSs

The fees and charges payable by holders of our
ADSs include the following:

i)   a fee not in excess of US$ 0.05 per ADS is charged for each issuance of ADSs including issuances resulting from distributions of shares,
share dividends, share splits, bonuses and rights distributions;

ii)   a fee not in excess of US$ 0.05 per ADS is charged for each surrender of ADSs in exchange for the underlying deposited securities;

iii)   a fee for the distribution of the deposited securities pursuant to the deposit agreement, such fee being an amount equal to the fee
for the execution and delivery of ADSs referred to in item (i) above which would have been charged as a result of the deposit of such
securities, but which securities were instead distributed by the depositary, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, to ADR holders.

Additionally, under
the terms of our deposit agreement, the depositary

is
entitled to charge each registered holder the following:

i)   taxes and other governmental charges incurred by the depositary or the custodian on any ADS or an equity share underlying an ADS including
any applicable penalties thereon;

ii)   transfer or registration fees for the registration or transfer of deposited securities on any applicable register in connection with
the deposit or withdrawal of deposited securities, including those of a central depository for securities (where applicable);

iii)   any cable, telex, facsimile transmission and delivery expenses incurred by the depositary; and

iv)   customary expenses incurred by the depositary in the conversion of foreign currency, including, without limitation, expenses incurred
on behalf of registered holders in connection with

120

Table of Contents

compliance with foreign exchange control restrictions and
other applicable regulatory requirements, together with all expenses, transfer and registration fees, taxes, duties, governmental or other
charges payable by the depositary.

In the case of cash distributions, fees, if applicable,
are generally deducted from the cash being distributed. Other fees may be collected from holders of ADSs in a manner determined by the
depositary with respect to ADSs registered in the name of investors (whether certificated or in book-entry form) and ADSs held in brokerage
and custodian accounts (via DTC). In the case of distributions other than cash (i.e., stock dividends, etc.), the depositary charges the
applicable ADS record date holder concurrently with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of the investor (whether
certificated or in book-entry form), the depositary sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders.

If any tax or other governmental charge is payable
by the holders and/or beneficial owners of ADSs to the depositary, the depositary, the custodian or the Bank may withhold or deduct from
any distributions made in respect of deposited securities and may sell for the account of the holder and/or beneficial owner any or all
of the deposited securities and apply such distributions and sale proceeds in payment of such taxes (including applicable interest and
penalties) or charges, with the holder and the beneficial owner thereof remaining fully liable for any deficiency.

Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary

In March 2020, we agreed to an amendment to an
agreement previously entered into with the depositary, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas in fiscal 2018. Under this amended agreement,
the depositary pays certain amounts to us and waives fees and expenses for services provided in exchange for the Deutsche Bank Trust Company
Americas acting as the depositary for the ADR program. We may use these payments to cover annual expenses incurred by the Bank towards
investor relations or other expenses directly related to the ongoing maintenance of the ADR program. The amount of payment to us is tied
to the amount of fees the depository collects from ADR holders, with certain exceptions. In the three months ended June 30, 2023, we received
US$ 4 million relating to the ADR program.

121

Table of Contents

SELECTED STATISTICAL INFORMATION

The following information should be read together
with our financial statements included in this report as well as “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations”.

Average Balance Sheet

The average balances are the sum of daily average
balances outstanding. The yield on average interest-earning assets is the ratio of interest earned to average interest-earning assets.
The cost of average interest-bearing liabilities is the ratio of interest expended to average interest-bearing liabilities. The average
balances of advances include non-performing advances and are net of allowance for loan losses. We have re-calculated tax-exempt income
on a tax-equivalent basis. Other interest income has been bifurcated into rupee and foreign currency amounts in order to facilitate the
explanation of movements of rupee and foreign currency spreads and margins. The rupee portion of other interest income primarily includes
interest on income tax refunds and income from swaps. The foreign currency portion of other interest income primarily includes income
from interest rate swaps in foreign currencies. These interest rate swaps are not part of our trading portfolio and are undertaken by
us to manage the market risk arising from our assets and liabilities.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the average balances of the assets and liabilities, which contribute to the major components of interest earned, interest expended
and net interest income.

Year ended March 31,
2021   2022   2023
Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Assets:
Advances:
Rupee   Rs.   6,064,280   Rs.   573,393   9.46   %   Rs.   7,343,983   Rs.   649,387   8.84   %   Rs.   9,059,681   Rs.   844,091   9.32   %
Foreign currency   1,098,730   29,226   2.66   975,114   19,482   2.00   957,139   35,201   3.68
Total advances   7,163,010   602,619   8.41   8,319,097   668,869   8.04   10,016,820   879,292   8.78
Investments:
Investments in Government securities:
Rupee   2,761,476   177,497   6.43   2,925,123   184,713   6.31   3,591,054   238,048   6.63
Foreign currency   48,668   310   0.64   41,872   235   0.56   45,689   729   1.60
Total investment in Government securities:   2,810,144   177,807   6.33   2,966,995   184,948   6.23   3,636,743   238,777   6.57
Other investments
Rupee   865,396   53,021   6.13   633,746   33,384   5.27   632,296   37,070   5.86
Foreign currency   131,189   1,846   1.41   165,134   1,591   0.96   109,413   3,237   2.96

122

Table of Contents

Year ended March 31,
2021   2022   2023
Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Total other investments   996,585   54,867   5.51   798,880   34,975   4.38   741,709   40,307   5.43
Total investments:
Rupee   3,626,872   230,518   6.36   3,558,869   218,097   6.13   4,223,350   275,118   6.51
Foreign currency   179,857   2,156   1.20   207,006   1,826   0.88   155,102   3,966   2.56
Total investments   3,806,729   232,674   6.11   3,765,875   219,923   5.84   4,378,452   279,084   6.37
Other interest-earning assets:
Lending with the Reserve Bank of India
Rupee   448,570   15,470   3.45   398,765   14,858   3.73   140,278   6,486   4.62
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total lending with the Reserve Bank of India:   448,570   15,470   3.45   398,765   14,858   3.73   140,278   6,486   4.62
Repo lending
Rupee   47,523   1,195   2.51   49,439   1,635   3.31   72,448   4,022   5.55
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total repo lending   47,523   1,195   2.51   49,439   1,635   3.31   72,448   4,022   5.55
Deposits in other banks:
Rupee   36,691   2,381   6.49   42,636   2,522   5.92   56,179   3,676   6.54
Foreign currency   180,174   347   0.19   269,470   418   0.16   254,380   7,667   3.01
Total deposits in other banks   216,865   2,728   1.26   312,106   2,940   0.94   310,559   11,343   3.65
Other assets:
Rupee   529,797   12,264   2.31   661,740   10,220   1.54   724,431   7,887   1.09
Foreign currency   213,271   536   0.25   236,568   380   0.16   216,547   4,802   2.22
Total other assets   743,068   12,800   1.72   898,308   10,600   1.18   940,978   12,689   1.35

123

Table of Contents

Year ended March 31,
2021   2022   2023
Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Total other interest-earning assets:
Rupee   1,062,581   31,310   2.95   1,152,580   29,235   2.54   993,336   22,071   2.22
Foreign currency   393,445   883   0.22   506,038   798   0.16   470,927   12,469   2.65
Total other interest-earning assets   1,456,026   32,193   2.21   1,658,618   30,033   1.81   1,464,263   34,540   2.36
Other interest income:
Rupee   20,606   32,441   16,892
Foreign currency   3,570   2,849   894
Total other interest income   24,176   35,290   17,786
Interest-earning assets:
Rupee   10,753,733   855,827   7.96   12,055,432   929,160   7.71   14,276,367   1,158,172   8.11
Foreign currency   1,672,032   35,835   2.14   1,688,158   24,955   1.48   1,583,168   52,530   3.32
Total interest-earning assets   12,425,765   891,662   7.18   13,743,590   954,115   6.94   15,859,535   1,210,702   7.63
Fixed assets   106,100   103,407   108,042
Other assets   2,044,392   2,097,041   2,260,812
Total non-earning assets   2,150,492   2,200,448   2,368,854
Total assets   Rs.   14,576,257   Rs.   891,662   Rs.   15,944,038   Rs.   954,115   Rs.   18,228,389   Rs.   1,210,702
Liabilities:
Savings account deposits:
Rupee   Rs.   2,452,568   Rs.   77,687   3.17   Rs.   3,028,734   Rs.   95,390   3.15   Rs.   3,430,647   Rs.   108,593   3.17
Foreign currency   98,475   803   0.82   80,149   321   0.40   61,367   705   1.15
Total savings account deposits   2,551,043   78,490   3.08   3,108,883   95,711   3.08   3,492,014   109,298   3.13
Time deposits:
Rupee   4,530,836   250,515   5.53   5,094,105   236,169   4.64   5,735,631   277,636   4.84

124

Table of Contents

Year ended March 31,
2021   2022   2023
Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Foreign currency   377,247   8,190   2.17   290,939   4,252   1.46   309,445   7,831   2.53
Total time deposits   4,908,083   258,705   5.27   5,385,044   240,421   4.46   6,045,076   285,467   4.72
Other demand deposits:
Rupee   812,042   1,055,999   1,210,898
Foreign currency   112,869   156,310   165,247
Total other demand deposits   924,911   1,212,309   1,376,145
Total deposits:
Rupee   7,795,446   328,202   4.21   9,178,838   331,559   3.61   10,377,176   386,229   3.72
Foreign currency   588,591   8,993   1.53   527,398   4,573   0.87   536,059   8,536   1.59
Total deposits   8,384,037   337,196   4.02   9,706,236   336,132   3.46   10,913,235   394,765   3.62
Long term borrowings:
Rupee   685,178   53,862   7.86   723,083   53,294   7.37   985,134   70,306   7.14
Foreign currency   544,123   15,899   2.92   389,810   9,678   2.48   309,409   10,848   3.51
Total long term borrowings   1,229,301   69,761   5.67   1,112,893   62,972   5.66   1,294,543   81,154   6.27
Short-term borrowings:
Borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility
    with the Reserve Bank of India
Rupee:   103,528   4,497   4.34   720   30   4.17   1,488   84   5.65
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total borrowings under liquidity adjustment
    facility with the Reserve Bank of India:   103,528   4,497   4.34   720   30   4.17   1,488   84   5.65
Repo borrowings:
Rupee   358,938   10,845   3.02   204,643   6,815   3.33   272,735   15,017   5.51

125

Table of Contents

Year ended March 31,
2021   2022   2023
Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Foreign currency   7,264   189   2.60   5,676   167   2.94   6,996   258   3.69
Total repo borrowings   366,202   11,034   3.01   210,319   6,982   3.32   279,731   15,275   5.46
Other short term
    borrowings
Rupee   49,208   3,259   6.62   101,520   4,904   4.83   128,586   8,266   6.43
Foreign currency   128,681   841   0.65   102,347   646   0.63   233,886   5,890   2.52
Total other short
    term borrowings   177,889   4,100   2.30   203,867   5,550   2.72   362,472   14,156   3.91
Short term borrowings:
Rupee   511,674   18,601   3.64   306,883   11,749   3.83   402,809   23,367   5.80
Foreign currency   135,945   1,030   0.76   108,023   813   0.75   240,882   6,148   2.55
Total short term borrowings   647,619   19,631   3.03   414,906   12,562   3.03   643,691   29,515   4.59
Total borrowings:
Rupee   1,196,852   72,463   6.05   1,029,966   65,043   6.32   1,387,943   93,673   6.75
Foreign currency   680,068   16,929   2.49   497,833   10,491   2.11   550,291   16,996   3.09
Total borrowings   1,876,920   89,392   4.76   1,527,799   75,534   4.94   1,938,234   110,669   5.71
Interest-bearing liabilities:
Rupee   8,992,298   400,665   4.46   10,208,804   396,602   3.88   11,765,119   479,902   4.08
Foreign currency   1,268,659   25,922   2.04   1,025,231   15,064   1.47   1,086,350   25,532   2.35
Total interest-bearing
    liabilities   10,260,957   426,588   4.16   11,234,035   411,666   3.66   12,851,469   505,434   3.93
Other liabilities   2,880,817   3,041,905   3,400,782
Total liabilities   13,141,774   426,588   14,275,940   411,666   16,252,251   505,434
Stockholders’ equity   1,434,483   1,668,098   1,976,138
Total liabilities
    and stockholders’ equity   Rs.   14,576,257   Rs.   426,588   Rs.   15,944,038   Rs.   411,666   Rs.   18,228,389   Rs.   505,434

126

Table of Contents

(1)   Previous period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period
classification.

Analysis of Changes in
Interest Earned and Interest Expended: Volume and Rate Analysis

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the changes in the components of net interest income. The changes in net interest income between periods have been reflected
as attributed either to volume or rate changes. For the purpose of this table, changes which are due to both volume and rate have been
allocated solely to volume.

Fiscal 2022 vs. Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022
Increase (decrease) due to   Increase (decrease) due to
Net
change   Change
in average volume   Change
in average rate   Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate
(in millions)
Interest earned:
Advances:
Rupee   Rs.   75,994   Rs.   113,157   Rs.   (37,163   )   Rs.   194,704   Rs.   159,852   Rs.   34,852
Foreign currency   (9,744   )   (2,470   )   (7,274   )   15,719   (661   )   16,380
Total advances   66,250   110,687   (44,437   )   210,423   159,191   51,232
Investment:
Investment in Government securities:
Rupee   7,216   10,334   (3,118   )   53,335   44,144   9,191
Foreign currency   (75   )   (38   )   (37   )   494   61   433
Total investment in Government securities   7,141   10,296   (3,155   )   53,829   44,205   9,624
Other investments:
Rupee   (19,637   )   (12,203   )   (7,434   )   3,686   (85   )   3,771
Foreign currency   (255   )   327   (582   )   1,646   (1,649   )   3,295
Total other investments   (19,892   )   (11,876   )   (8,016   )   5,332   (1,734   )   7,066
Total investments:
Rupee   (12,421   )   (4,167   )   (8,254   )   57,021   43,286   13,735
Foreign currency   (330   )   239   (569   )   2,140   (1,327   )   3,467
Total investments   (12,751   )   (3,928   )   (8,823   )   59,161   41,959   17,202
Other interest-earning assets:
Lending with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   (612   )   (1,856   )   1,244   (8,372   )   (11,952   )   3,580
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total lending with the Reserve Bank of India   (612   )   (1,856   )   1,244   (8,372   )   (11,952   )   3,580

127

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2022 vs. Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022
Increase (decrease) due to   Increase (decrease) due to
Net
change   Change
in average volume   Change
in average rate   Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate
(in millions)
Repo lending:
Rupee   440   63   377   2,387   1,277   1,110
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total repo lending   440   63   377   2,387   1,277   1,110
Deposits in other banks:
Rupee   141   352   (211   )   1,154   886   268
Foreign currency   71   139   (68   )   7,249   (455   )   7,704
Total deposits in other banks   212   491   (279   )   8,403   431   7,972
Other assets:
Rupee   (2,044   )   2,038   (4,082   )   (2,333   )   683   (3,016   )
Foreign currency   (156   )   37   (193   )   4,422   (444   )   4,866
Total other assets   (2,200   )   2,075   (4,275   )   2,089   239   1,850
Other interest-earning assets:
Rupee   (2,075   )   2,283   (4,358   )   (7,164   )   (3,538   )   (3,626   )
Foreign currency   (85   )   178   (263   )   11,671   (930   )   12,601
Total other interest earning assets   (2,160   )   2,461   (4,621   )   4,507   (4,468   )   8,975
Other interest income:
Rupee   11,835   ..   11,835   (15,549   )   ..   (15,549   )
Foreign currency   (721   )   ..   (721   )   (1,955   )   ..   (1,955   )
Other interest income   11,114   ..   11,114   (17,504   )   ..   (17,504   )
Total interest earned:
Rupee   73,333   111,273   (37,940   )   229,012   199,600   29,412
Foreign currency   (10,880   )   (2,053   )   (8,827   )   27,575   (2,918   )   30,493
Total interest earned   62,453   109,220   (46,767   )   256,587   196,682   59,905
Interest expense:
Savings account deposits:
Rupee   17,703   18,146   (443   )   13,203   12,722   481
Foreign currency   (482   )   (73   )   (409   )   384   (216   )   600
Total savings account deposits   17,221   18,073   (852   )   13,587   12,506   1,081
Time deposits:
Rupee   (14,346   )   26,114   (40,460   )   41,467   31,053   10,414
Foreign currency   (3,938   )   (1,261   )   (2,677   )   3,579   468   3,111
Total time deposits   (18,284   )   24,853   (43,137   )   45,046   31,521   13,525
Total deposits:
Rupee   3,357   44,260   (40,903   )   54,670   43,775   10,895
Foreign currency   (4,420   )   (1,334   )   (3,086   )   3,963   252   3,711
Total deposits   (1,063   )   42,926   (43,989   )   58,633   44,027   14,606
Borrowings:
Long term borrowings:
Rupee   (568   )   2,794   (3,362   )   17,012   18,702   (1,690   )
Foreign currency   (6,221   )   (3,831   )   (2,390   )   1,170   (2,819   )   3,989
Total long term borrowings   (6,789   )   (1,037   )   (5,752   )   18,182   15,883   2,299

128

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2022 vs. Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022
Increase (decrease) due to   Increase (decrease) due to
Net
change   Change
in average volume   Change
in average rate   Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate
(in millions)
Borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   (4,467   )   (4,284   )   (183   )   54   43   11
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India   (4,467   )   (4,284   )   (183   )   54   43   11
Repo borrowings
Rupee   (4,030   )   (5,138   )   1,108   8,202   3,749   4,453
Foreign currency   (22   )   (47   )   25   91   49   42
Total repo borrowings   (4,052   )   (5,185   )   1,133   8,293   3,798   4,495
Other short term borrowings:
Rupee   1,645   2,527   (882   )   3,362   1,740   1,622
Foreign currency   (195   )   (166   )   (29   )   5,244   3,313   1,931
Total other short term borrowings   1,450   2,361   (911   )   8,606   5,053   3,553
Short term borrowings:
Rupee   (6,852   )   (6,895   )   43   11,618   5,532   6,086
Foreign currency   (217   )   (213   )   (4   )   5,335   3,362   1,973
Total short term borrowings   (7,069   )   (7,108   )   39   16,953   8,894   8,059
Total borrowings:
Rupee   (7,420   )   (10,539   )   3,119   28,630   24,160   4,470
Foreign currency   (6,438   )   (3,840   )   (2,598   )   6,505   1,620   4,885
Total borrowings   (13,858   )   (14,379   )   521   35,135   25,780   9,355
Total interest expended:
Rupee   (4,063   )   33,721   (37,784   )   83,300   67,935   15,365
Foreign currency   (10,858   )   (5,174   )   (5,684   )   10,468   1,872   8,596
Total interest expended   (14,921   )   28,547   (43,468   )   93,768   69,807   23,961
Net interest income:
Rupee   77,396   77,552   (156   )   145,712   131,665   14,047
Foreign currency   (22   )   3,121   (3,143   )   17,107   (4,790   )   21,897
Total net interest income   Rs.   77,374   Rs.   80,673   Rs.   (3,299   )   Rs.   162,819   Rs.   126,875   Rs.   35,944

Investment portfolio

Maturity profile wise yields on debt securities

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the maturity profile wise yields of our investments in debt securities classified as available-for-sale. This maturity profile is based
on repayment dates and does not reflect re-pricing dates of floating rate investments.

129

Table of Contents

At March 31, 2022   At March 31, 2023
Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years   Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years
Corporate debt securities   6.4%   6.7%   5.0%   6.1%   7.3%   7.1%   5.9%   3.8%
Government securities   4.5   5.2   4.5   5.2   6.7   6.7   7.3   7.1
Other securities   5.3   6.2   5.5   7.1   7.8   8.5   8.4   8.4
Total debt securities 1   4.8%   5.9%   4.7%   5.5%   6.9%   7.1%   6.8%   7.2%

(1)   Includes securities denominated in different currencies

(2)   Weighted average yield is the ratio of interest earned on available-for-sale debt securities to average available-for-sale debt securities.

(3)   The maturity is computed based on the contractual maturity of the portfolio.

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the maturity profile-wise yields of our investments in debt securities classified as held-to-maturity. This maturity profile is based
on repayment dates and does not reflect re-pricing dates of floating rate investments.

At March 31, 2022   At March 31, 2023
Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years   Up to one year   One to five years   Five to ten years   More than ten years
Corporate debt securities   5.9%   6.6%   7.4%   7.5%   7.0%   7.1%   7.6%   7.7%
Government securities   7.7   6.6   6.8   6.4   7.0   6.8   7.4   7.6
Other securities   4.2   ..   ..   ..   7.8   ..   ..   ..
Total debt securities 1   6.7%   6.6%   6.9%   6.4%   7.1%   6.8%   7.4%   7.6%

(1)   Includes securities denominated in different currencies

(2)   Weighted average yield is the ratio of interest earned on held-to-maturity debt securities to average held-to-maturity securities.

(3)   The maturity is computed based on the contractual maturity of the portfolio.

Investment portfolio of our overseas branches
and banking subsidiaries

The following table sets forth a summary of the
investment portfolio of our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries based on the category of investments.

At March 31
Category   2022   2023
(in millions)
Bonds
Banks and financial institutions   Rs.   26,065   Rs.   19,460
Corporate   33,591   43,284
Total bonds   59,656   62,744
Asset backed securities   ..   ..
Others (1)   4,925   5,341
Total   Rs.   64,581   Rs.   68,085

(1)   Includes investments in certificates of deposits.

Investment in India-linked securities of corporate
entities was 50.0% at year-end fiscal 2023 as compared to 43.2% at year-end fiscal 2022.

The investments in these securities are governed
by the respective investment policies of ICICI Bank and its banking subsidiaries. To mitigate significant concentrations in credit risk,
the investment policy

130

Table of Contents

lays down a number of limits that need to be adhered to before investments
can be made. The investment policy lays down rating and issuer wise investment limits at each of these units. Further, there are counterparty
limits for individual banks and financial institutions. Country exposure limits have also been established for various countries. In addition,
ICICI Bank monitors the credit spread risk arising out of such investments while ICICI Bank UK PLC has instituted credit spread sensitivity
limits on its portfolio. Any exceptions to the above limits are made with due approvals from the appropriate forums. ICICI Bank has not
bought credit protection against any of its international investments.

Investments in corporate and financial sector
debt securities by our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
investments in corporate and financial sector debt securities and mortgage and asset backed securities by our overseas branches and banking
subsidiaries by region and the mark-to-market and realized losses thereon.

At March 31, 2023
Bonds (1),(2)   Others   Total
Trading   Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale
and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity   Mark-to-market gain/ (loss) in fiscal 2023   Realized gain/(loss)/ Impairment loss in income statement for fiscal 2023   Mark-to-market gain/ (loss) at March 31, 2023
(Rs. in millions)
U.S.   ..   3,468   ..   ..   ..   3,468   (103   )   7   (221   )
Canada   ..   18,229   ..   ..   ..   18,229   ..   1   ..
Europe   ..   754   ..   ..   ..   754   (7   )   ..   (43   )
India   163   38,817   ..   ..   163   38,817   (450   )   (363   )   (486   )
Rest of Asia   ..   1,313   ..   5,341   ..   6,654   (5   )   (11   )   (27   )
Total portfolio   163   62,581   ..   5,341   163   67,922   (565   )   (374   )   (777   )

(1)   Includes bonds classified under loans and receivable by our UK subsidiary including those transferred in fiscal 2009 from investment
to loans and receivables pursuant to Accounting Standard Board issuing amendments to FRS 26 – ‘Financial Instruments: Recognition
and Measurement’ which permitted reclassification of financial assets in certain circumstances from ‘held-for-trading’
and ‘available-for-sale categories’ to the ‘loans and receivables’ category.

(2)   Includes corporate bonds classified under loans and receivables by our Canadian subsidiary.

131

Table of Contents

At March 31, 2022
Bonds (1),(2)   Others   Total
Trading   Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity   Mark-to-market gain/ (loss) in fiscal 2022   Realized gain/(loss)/ Impairment loss in income statement for fiscal 2022   Mark-to-market gain/ (loss) at March 31, 2022
(Rs. in millions)
U.S.   ..   1,809   ..   ..   ..   1,809   (130   )   33   (106   )
Canada   ..   17,480   ..   ..   ..   17,480   ..   130   ..
Europe   ..   716   ..   ..   ..   716   89   (0   )   (33   )
India   1,491   37,034   ..   ..   1,491   37,034   (672   )   91   (95   )
Rest of Asia   ..   1,126   ..   4,925   ..   6,051   (124   )   58   (20   )
Total portfolio   1,491   58,165   ..   4,925   1,491   63,090   (837   )   312   (254   )

(1)   Includes bonds classified under loans and receivable by our UK subsidiary including those transferred in fiscal 2009 from investment
to loans and receivables pursuant to Accounting Standard Board issuing amendments to FRS 26 – ‘Financial Instruments: Recognition
and Measurement’ which permitted reclassification of financial assets in certain circumstances from ‘held-for-trading’
and ‘available-for-sale categories’ to the ‘loans and receivables’ category.

(2)   Includes corporate bonds classified under loans and receivables by our Canadian subsidiary.

Funding

Our funding operations are designed to ensure stability
of funding, minimize funding costs and effectively manage liquidity. Our primary source of domestic funding is deposits raised from both
retail and corporate customers. We also raise funds through short-term rupee borrowings, refinance borrowings and domestic or overseas
bond offerings. Our domestic bond borrowings include long-term bond borrowings for financing infrastructure projects and affordable housing
in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. See also “Business
—Overview of Our Products and Services—Commercial
Banking for Retail Customers—Retail Deposits”.

Maturity profile of
deposits

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the contractual maturity profile of deposits, by type of deposit at March 31, 2023.

Up to one year   After one year and within three years   After three years   Total
(in millions)
Interest-bearing deposits:
Savings deposits (1)   Rs.   3,848,299   ..   ..   Rs.   3,848,299
Time deposits   4,341,123   1,827,859   432,713   6,601,695
Non-interest-bearing deposits:
Other demand deposits (1)   1,658,328   ..   ..   1,658,328
Total deposits   Rs.   9,847,750   Rs.   1,827,859   Rs.   432,713   Rs.   12,108,322

132

Table of Contents

(1)   Savings and other demand deposits are payable on demand and hence are classified in the ‘Up to one year’ category.

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the contractual maturity profile of deposits, by type of deposit at March 31, 2022.

Up to one year   After one year and within three years   After three years   Total
(in millions)
Interest-bearing deposits:
Savings deposits (1)   Rs.   3,670,306   ..   ..   Rs.   3,670,306
Time deposits   3,895,554   1,256,777   456,834   5,609,165
Non-interest-bearing deposits:
Other demand deposits (1)   1,634,187   ..   ..   1,634,187
Total deposits   Rs.   9,200,047   Rs.   1,256,777   Rs.   456,834   Rs.   10,913,658

(1) Savings and
other demand deposits are payable on demand and hence are classified in the ‘Up to one year’ category.

Uninsured deposits

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the estimated amount of time deposits that exceed the insurance limit, segregated by remaining maturity and
the estimated amount of total deposits that are otherwise uninsured:

At March 31, 2023
3 months or less   Over 3 months through 6 months   Over 6 months through 12 months   Over 12 months   Total
Uninsured time deposits   (in millions)
India   Rs.   1,395,233   Rs.   823,917   Rs.   1,494,583   Rs.   1,801,960   Rs.   5,515,693
Outside India   40,410   31,385   40,918   38,278   150,991
Total uninsured time deposits   Rs.   1,435,643   Rs.   855,302   Rs.   1,535,501   Rs.   1,840,238   Rs.   5,666,684

At March 31, 2022
3 months or less   Over 3 months through 6 months   Over 6 months through 12 months   Over 12 months   Total
Uninsured time deposits   (in millions)
India   Rs.   1,262,407   Rs.   736,621   Rs.   1,373,221   Rs.   1,439,422   Rs.   4,811,671
Outside India   22,484   11,989   19,441   11,443   65,357
Total uninsured time deposits   Rs.   1,284,891   Rs.   748,610   Rs.   1,392,662   Rs.   1,450,865   Rs.   4,877,028

133

Table of Contents

Total uninsured deposits at
March 31, 2022 were Rs. 8,315,811 million and at March 31, 2023 were Rs. 9,314,637 million.

The classification between
“in India” and “outside India” is based on the domicile of the booking unit. In India, the insured deposit calculations
are based on guidelines prescribed by Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation. The insured amount limit prescribed by Deposit
Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation is up to a maximum amount of Rs. 500,000 per depositor (included all type of deposits), per
insured bank. The standard insurance amount for time deposits outside India is based on the insurance limits approved by the regulator
in the respective foreign jurisdiction. The insurance coverage is allocated first to savings account deposits, then to current account
deposits and lastly to time deposits of a depositor. For time deposits, the highest residual maturity buckets are considered for allocation
of insurance coverage.

Risk Management

Asset liability gap

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
our asset-liability gap position.

At March 31, 2023 (1)
Less than or equal to one year   Greater than one year and up to five years   Greater than five years   Total
(in millions)
Advances (loans), net   Rs.   9,282,075   Rs.   1,453,703   Rs.   102,885   Rs.   10,838,663
Investments   1,283,292   1,403,243   3,708,985   6,395,520
Other assets (2)   794,512   124,827   1,325,773   2,245,112
Total assets   Rs.   11,359,879   Rs.   2,981,773   Rs.   5,137,643   Rs.   19,479,295
Capital   ..   ..   2,144,978   2,144,978
Borrowings   1,032,692   584,913   273,013   1,890,618
Deposits   5,611,378   6,481,420   15,523   12,108,321
Other liabilities   27,686   1,259   3,412,042   3,440,987
Total liabilities   6,671,756   7,067,592   5,845,556   19,584,904
Total gap before risk management positions   4,688,123   (4,085,819   )   (707,914   )   (105,610   )
Off-balance sheet positions (3)   (179,307   )   285,840   (114,413   )   (7,880   )
Total gap after risk management positions   Rs.   4,508,816   Rs.   (3,799,979   )   Rs.   (822,327   )   Rs.   (113,490   )

(1)   Includes investments in the nature of equity, cash and cash equivalents and miscellaneous assets and liabilities. Assets and liabilities
are classified into the applicable categories based on residual maturity or re-pricing whichever is earlier. Classification methodologies
are generally based on asset liability management guidelines, including behavioral studies, as per local policy/regulatory norms of the
entities. Items other than current and savings account deposits that neither re-price nor have a defined maturity are included in the
‘greater than five years’ category. Fixed assets (other than leased assets) have been excluded from the above table. Current
and savings account deposits are classified based on behavior study.

(2)   Includes cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and short notice and other assets.

(3) Off-balance sheet positions comprises net notional
amount of derivatives, including foreign exchange forward contracts.

134

Table of Contents

At March 31,
    2022 (1)
Less than or equal to one year   Greater than one year and up to five years   Greater than five years   Total
(in millions)
Advances (loans), net   Rs.   7,937,695   Rs  1,189,111   Rs.   76,275   Rs.   9,203,081
Investments   1,271,030   1,362,786   3,037,161   5,670,977
Other assets (2)   1,246,050   158,385   1,145,081   2,549,516
Total assets   10,454,775   2,710,282   4,258,517   17,423,574
Capital   ..   ..   1,820,525   1,820,525
Borrowings   739,947   613,594   262,486   1,616,027
Deposits   5,133,624   5,764,171   15,863   10,913,658
Other liabilities (3)   96,553   7,084   3,072,527   3,176,164
Total liabilities   5,970,124   6,384,849   5,171,401   17,526,373
Total gap before risk management positions   4,484,651   (3,674,567   )   (912,884   )   (102,799   )
Off-balance sheet positions (4)   (88,581   )   26,799   42,866   (18,917   )
Total gap after risk management positions   Rs.   4,396,070   Rs.   (3,647,768   )   Rs.   (870,018   )   Rs.   (121,716   )

(1)   Includes investments in the nature of equity, cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call
and short notice and miscellaneous assets and liabilities. Assets and liabilities are classified into the applicable categories based
on residual maturity or re-pricing whichever is earlier. Classification methodologies are generally based on asset liability management
guidelines, including behavioral studies, as per local policy/regulatory norms of the entities. Items other than current and savings account
deposits that neither re-price nor have a defined maturity are included in the ‘greater than five years’ category. Fixed assets
(other than leased assets) have been excluded from the above table. Current and savings account deposits are classified based on behavior
study.

(2)   Includes cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and short notice and other assets.

(3)   Includes minority interest, liabilities on policy in force, and other liabilities and provisions.

(4)   Off-balance sheet positions comprises net notional amount
of derivatives, including foreign exchange forward contracts.

Loan portfolio - fixed-floating interest
rate

The following table sets forth, at the date indicated,
the amount of our loans with residual contractual maturities greater than one year that had fixed and variable interest rates.

At March 31, 2023
Fixed rate loans   Variable rate loans   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   111,986   Rs.   1,420,577   Rs.   1,532,563
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   1,412,339   3,352,737   4,765,076
Lease financing   33   ..   33
Total loans   Rs.   1,524,358   Rs.   4,773,314   Rs.   6,297,672

At March 31, 2022
Fixed rate loans   Variable rate loans   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   133,270   Rs.   1,273,869   Rs.   1,407,139
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   1,126,546   2,817,494   3,944,040
Lease financing   187   ..   187
Total loans   Rs.   1,260,003   Rs.   4,091,363   Rs.   5,351,366

135

Table of Contents

Impact of interest rate movement on loan
portfolio

The following table sets forth, using the balance
sheet at year-end fiscal 2023 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of adverse changes in interest rates on net interest
income for fiscal 2024, assuming a parallel shift in the yield curve at year-end fiscal 2023.

At March 31, 2023
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
(100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Rupee portfolio   Rs.   (38,337   )   Rs.   (19,169   )   Rs.   19,169   Rs.   38,337
Foreign currency portfolio   (1,737   )   (869   )   869   1,737
Total   Rs.   (40,075   )   Rs.   (20,037   )   Rs.   20,037   Rs.   40,075

The following table sets forth, using the balance
sheet at year-end fiscal 2022 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of adverse changes in interest rates on net interest
income for fiscal 2023, assuming a parallel shift in the yield curve at year-end fiscal 2022.

At March 31, 2022
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
(100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Rupee portfolio   Rs.   (35,655   )   Rs.   (17,827   )   Rs.   17,827   Rs.   35,655
Foreign currency portfolio   (1,893   )   (946   )   946   1,893
Total   Rs.   (37,548   )   Rs.   (18,774   )   Rs.   18,774   Rs.   37,548

Sensitivity analysis, which is based upon static
interest rate risk profile of assets and liabilities, is used for risk management purposes only and the model above assumes that during
the course of the year no other changes are made in the respective portfolios. Actual changes in net interest income will vary from the
model.

Price Risk (Trading Book)

The following table sets forth, using the fixed
income portfolio at year-end fiscal 2023 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in interest rates on the value
of our fixed income held-for-trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in interest rate curve.

At March 31, 2023
Change in interest rates (in basis points) - Rupee
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Indian government securities   Rs.   270,091   Rs.   4,667   Rs.   2,344   Rs.   (2,323   )   Rs.   (4,630   )
Rupee corporate debt securities   112,437   1,620   815   (810   )   (1,613   )
Total   Rs.   382,528   Rs.   6,287   Rs.   3,159   Rs.   (3,133   )   Rs.   (6,243   )

136

Table of Contents

At March 31, 2023
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Foreign currency
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Foreign government securities   Rs.   38,802   Rs.   53   Rs.   26   Rs.   (26)   Rs.   (53)
Foreign corporate debt securities   483   1   ..   ..   (1)
Total   Rs.   39,285   Rs.   54   Rs.   26   Rs.   (26)   Rs.   (54)

The following table
sets forth, using the fixed income portfolio at year-end fiscal 2022 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in
interest rates on the value of our fixed income held-for-trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in interest rate curve.

At March 31, 2022
Change in interest rates (in basis points) - Rupee
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Indian government securities   Rs.   176,474   Rs.   2,421   Rs.   1,206   Rs.   (1,206   )   Rs.   (2,421   )
Rupee corporate debt securities   60,011   677   339   (339   )   (675   )
Total   Rs.   236,485   Rs.   3,099   Rs.   1,545   Rs.   (1,544   )   Rs.   (3,096   )

At March 31, 2022
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Foreign currency
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Foreign government securities   Rs.   90,181   Rs.   157   Rs.   78   Rs.   (78   )   Rs.   (157   )
Foreign corporate debt securities   1,491   93   46   (46   )   (93   )
Total   Rs.   91,672   Rs.   250   Rs.   124   Rs.   (124   )   Rs.   (250   )

Value at
risk on equity shares (Proprietary trading book)

ICICI Bank computes
value-at-risk using historical simulation model for limit monitoring purposes. The value-at-risk is calculated using the previous one-year
market data at a 99% confidence level and a holding period of one day.

The following table
sets forth the high, low, average and period-end value-at-risk for the equities portfolio of the proprietary trading group of ICICI Bank
for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023.

 Rs.
in million

Fiscal 2022   At March   Fiscal 2023   At March
High   Low   Average   31, 2022   High   Low   Average   31, 2023
Value-at-risk   234.9   6.8   90.9   54.1   149.0   0.0   34.0   0.0

137

Table of Contents

We monitor the
effectiveness of the value-at-risk model by regularly back-testing its performance. Statistically, we would expect to see losses in excess
of value-at-risk only 1% of the time over a one-year period. During fiscal 2023, there were three instances of hypothetical loss exceeding
the value-at-risk estimates for the equities portfolio of the proprietary trading group.

The following table
sets forth a comparison of the hypothetical daily profit/(loss), computed on the assumption of no intra-day trading, and value-at-risk
calculated using the historical simulation model during fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023.

Rs. in million
Fiscal 2022   At March   Fiscal 2023   At March
Average   31, 2022   Average   31, 2023
Hypothetical daily profit(loss)   9.0   14.8   (0.1   )   0.0
Value-at-risk   90.9   54.1   34.0   0.0

The high and low
hypothetical daily profit/(loss) during fiscal 2023 was Rs. 37.4 million and Rs. (88.8) million respectively.

While value-at-risk
is an important tool for measuring market risk under normal market conditions, it has inherent limitations that should be taken into
account, including its inability to accurately predict future losses when extreme events are affecting the markets, because it is based
on the assumption that historical market data is indicative of future market performance. Moreover, different value-at-risk calculation
methods use different assumptions and hence may produce different results, and computing value-at-risk at the close of the business day
would exclude intra-day risk. There is also a general possibility that the value-at-risk model may not fully capture all the risks present
in the portfolio.

Derivative
and Foreign Exchange Risk (Trading)

The following table
sets forth, using the outstanding notional principal of trading derivatives and foreign exchange portfolio at year-end as the base, one
possible prediction of the impact of changes in interest rates on the value of our trading derivatives and foreign exchange portfolio,
assuming a parallel shift in interest rate curve.

At March 31, 2023
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
Portfolio Size (1)   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Interest rate derivatives   Rs.   30,733,302   Rs.   (13,657   )   Rs.   (6,828   )   Rs.   6,828   Rs.   13,656
Currency derivatives (2)   1,661,178   1,176   588   (588   )   (1,176   )
Foreign exchange   14,512,948   (3)   (2   )   2   3
Total   Rs.   46,907,428   Rs.   (12,484   )   Rs.   (6,242   )   Rs.   6,242   Rs.   (12,483   )

1.   Notional
                                            principal

2.   Includes
                                            futures, options and cross currency interest rate swaps

138

Table of Contents

At March 31, 2022
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
Portfolio Size (1)   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Interest rate derivatives   Rs.   31,560,088   Rs.   (8,341   )   Rs.   (4,170   )   Rs.   4,170   Rs.   8,339
Currency derivatives (2)   1,193,153   2,313   1,156   (1,156   )   (2,313   )
Foreign exchange   9,769,228   (42   )   (21   )   21   42
Total   Rs.   42,522,469   Rs.   (6,070   )   Rs.   (3,035   )   Rs.   3,035   Rs.   6,068

1.   Notional
                                            principal

2.   Includes
                                            futures, options and cross currency interest rate swaps

The following table
sets forth the possible prediction of the impact of change in foreign exchange rates on the value of the net open position of the Group.

At March 31, 2023
Change in forex rates on the value of the net open position (in basis points)
Net open position   (100)   100
(in millions)
Total open position for the Group   Rs.   6,221   Rs.   3,862   Rs.   492

At March 31,
    2022
Change in
    forex rates on the value of the net open position (in basis points)
Net open position   (100)   100
(in millions)
Total open position for the Group   Rs.   6,654   Rs.   (1,294   )   Rs.   7,653

Credit spread
risk

The following table
sets forth, using our held-for-trading portfolio at year-end as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in credit
spreads on the value of the trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in credit spreads.

At March 31, 2023
Change in credit spread (in basis points)
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   112,920   Rs.   1,621   Rs.   815   Rs.   (810   )   Rs.   (1,614   )

At March 31, 2022
Change in credit spread (in basis points)
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   61,502   Rs.   770   Rs.   386   Rs.   (385   )   Rs.   (768   )

139

Table of Contents

Loan Concentration

We follow a
policy of portfolio diversification and evaluate our total financing exposure to a particular industry in the light of our forecasts
of growth and profitability for that industry. ICICI Bank’s policy is to limit its portfolio to any particular industry (other
than retail loans) to 15.0% of its total exposure. In addition, we have a framework for managing concentration risk with respect to
single borrower and group exposures, based on the internal rating and track- record of the borrowers. See also
-“Risk
Management—Credit Risk”.
The exposure limits for lower rated borrowers and groups are substantially lower than the
regulatory limits.

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, the composition of our gross advances.

At March 31,
2022   2023
Amount   As a %   Amount   Amount   As a %
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance (1)   Rs.   5,040,347   53.2   %   Rs.   6,013,563   US$ 73,167   54.2   %
Rural finance   795,064   8.4   902,084   10,976   8.1
Services—finance   716,294   7.6   804,240   9,785   7.2
Wholesale/retail trade   296,358   3.1   448,962   5,462   4.0
Roads, port, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   308,905   3.3   329,564   4,010   3.0
Services—non finance   202,096   2.1   245,057   2,982   2.2
Power   202,294   2.1   188,950   2,299   1.7
Construction   155,286   1.6   178,219   2,168   1.6
Manufacturing products (excluding metal)   121,190   1.3   173,477   2,111   1.6
Iron and steel (including iron and steel products)   150,757   1.6   162,007   1,971   1.5
Electronics & engineering   130,558   1.4   154,612   1,881   1.4
Crude petroleum/ refining & petrochemicals   132,908   1.4   137,118   1,668   1.2
Textile   100,791   1.1   124,967   1,520   1.1
Others (2)   1,122,259   11.8   1,232,134   14,992   11.2
Gross advances (loans)   9,475,107   100.0   %   11,094,954   134,992   100.0   %
Allowance for advances (loan) losses   (272,025   )   (256,291   )   (3,118   )
Net advances (loans)   Rs.   9,203,082   Rs.   10,838,663   US$ 131,873

 ______________________

(1)   Includes
                                            home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, dealer financing and personal loans,
                                            credit cards, two wheeler loans and loans against securities.

(2)   Primarily
                                            include developer financing portfolio, gems and jewellery, mining, cement, drugs and pharmaceuticals,
                                            shipping metal and metal products (excluding iron and steel), food & beverages, chemicals
                                            and fertilizers, automobiles and fast moving consumer goods.

Our capital allocation
is focused on building a granular portfolio and sustainably improving our portfolio quality. We are focused on capitalizing on opportunities
in retail lending, including cross-selling additional products to our existing customers and growing our lending to small businesses,
while adopting a selective approach to corporate lending. Given the focus on the above priorities, gross retail finance advances increased
by 19.3% in fiscal 2023 compared to an increase of 17.1% in total gross advances in fiscal 2023. As a result, retail finance increased
from 53.2% of gross loans at year-end fiscal 2022 to 54.2% of gross loans at year-end fiscal 2023.

140

Table of Contents

At year-end fiscal
2023, our 20 largest borrowers accounted for 6.9% of our gross loan portfolio, with the largest borrower accounting for 1.9% of our gross
loan portfolio. The largest group of companies under the same management control accounted for 1.3% of our gross loan portfolio at year-end
fiscal 2023.

At year-end fiscal
2023, our exposure to largest single counterparty accounted for 12.8% of our Tier I capital fund. The exposure to largest group of connected
counterparties accounted for 27.1% of our Tier I capital fund at year-end fiscal 2022.

Maturity profile of
loans

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the maturity profile of loans

March 31, 2023
Due within 1 year   Due between 1 to 5 year   Due between 5 to 15 years   Due in more than 15 years   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   2,951,977   Rs.   1,017,840   Rs.   512,516   Rs.   2,207   Rs.   4,484,540
Consumer loans   1,588,996   2,100,469   1,714,291   950,316   6,354,072
Lease financing   18   33   ..   ..   51
Total   Rs.   4,540,991   Rs.   3,118,342   Rs.   2,226,807   Rs.   952,523   Rs.   10,838,663

March 31, 2022
Due within 1 year   Due between 1 to 5  year   Due between 5 to 15 years   Due in more than 15 years   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   2,221,031   Rs.   881,662   Rs.   523,871   Rs.   1,606   Rs.   3,628,170
Consumer loans   1,630,457   1,948,475   1,670,240   325,325   5,574,497
Lease financing   230   187   ..   ..   417
Total   Rs.   3,851,718   Rs.   2,830,324   Rs.   2,194,111   Rs.   326,931   Rs.   9,203,084

Directed Lending

The Reserve Bank
of India requires banks to lend to certain sectors of the economy. Such directed lending comprises priority sector lending and export
credit. ICICI Bank is required to comply with the priority sector lending requirements prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India from time
to time. As prescribed in the Reserve Bank of India guideline, the Bank’s priority sector lending achievement is computed on quarterly
average basis. During fiscal 2023, the Bank purchased Priority Sector Lending Certificates amounting to Rs. 716.5 billion (fiscal 2022:
Rs. 715.1 billion) and sold Priority Sector Lending Certificates amounting to Rs. 741.3 billion (fiscal 2022: Rs. 1,014.4 billion). See
also
“Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Advancing Loans—Directed Lending—Priority Sector
Lending”.

141

Table of Contents

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, ICICI Bank’s average priority sector lending:

Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2023
Amount   % of adjusted net bank credit   Amount   % of adjusted net bank credit   Target (% of adjusted net bank credit)
(in billions, except percentages)
Agriculture Sector   Rs.   1,226.5   17.80%   Rs.   1,423.6   US$   17.3   17.74%   18.00%
- Small and marginal farmers   636.4   9.20   794.7   9.7   9.90   9.50
- Non-corporate farmers   873.8   12.70   1,068.2   13.0   13.31   13.78
Micro, small and medium enterprises   1,473.7   ..   1,729.0   21.0   ..   ..
- Micro enterprises   550.7   8.00   661.2   8.0   8.24   7.50
Other priority sector   145.2   ..   178.3   2.2   ..   ..
Total priority sector lending   Rs.   2,845.4   41.30%   Rs.   3,330.9   US$   40.5   41.50%   40.00%
- Weaker sections   Rs.   762.0   11.10%   Rs.   910.2   US$   11.1   11.34%   11.50%

1.   The above includes the impact of Priority
                                            Sector Lending Certificate purchased/sold by the Bank.

The priority sector
lending master circular issued by the Reserve Bank of India requires that banks having any shortfall in lending to priority sector shall
be allocated amounts for contribution to the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund established with National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development and other Funds as decided by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. The Bank may be required by the Reserve
Bank of India to deposit with the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund and other related funds, certain amounts as specified by the
Reserve Bank of India in the coming year due to the shortfall in the above-mentioned sub-categories of priority sector lending targets.
At year-end fiscal 2023, our total investment in funds of government sponsored development banks due to shortfall in lending to priority
sectors was Rs. 216.2 billion, which was fully eligible for consideration in overall priority sector achievement.

Export Credit

The Reserve
Bank of India requires banks to make loans to exporters at concessional interest rates, as part of directed lending. Export credit
is provided for pre-shipment and post-shipment requirements of exporter borrowers in rupees and foreign currencies. Export credit in
the agriculture, micro, small and medium enterprises sectors is permitted to be categorised as priority sector lending.
Additionally, the Export credit is extended as priority sector lending basis the classification criteria specified by the Reserve
Bank of India. The interest income earned on export credits is supplemented through fees and commissions earned from these exporter
customers from other fee-based products and services taken by them from us, such as foreign exchange products and bill handling. As
at March 31, 2023, ICICI Bank’s export credit was Rs. 147.0 billion, which amounted to 1.75% of the Bank’s adjusted net
bank credit.

142

Table of Contents

Non-performing loans

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, gross (net of write-offs, interest suspense and derivatives income reversal) non-performing loans
by borrowers’ industry or economic activity and as a percentage of total non-performing loans.

At March 31,
2022   2023
Amount   As a percentage of non-performing loans   Amount   Amount   As a percentage of non-performing loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance (1)   Rs.   87,383   25.3   %   Rs.   76,738   US$ 934   24.6   %
Construction   55,217   16.0   51,538   627   16.5
Rural Retail   37,080   10.7   37,294   454   11.9
Crude petroleum/ refining and petrochemicals   25,051   7.3   25,066   305   8.0
Power   31,671   9.2   22,044   268   7.1
Roads, ports, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   14,488   4.2   12,727   155   4.1
Electronics and engineering   16,045   4.6   12,705   155   4.1
Services—non finance   14,203   4.1   12,402   151   4.0
Mining   10,934   3.2   11,781   143   3.8
Wholesale/retail trade   6,501   1.9   7,908   96   2.5
Manufacturing products (excluding metal)   5,311   1.5   5,827   71   1.9
Iron/steel and products   5,918   1.7   5,236   64   1.7
Gems & jewellery   3,154   0.9   4,028   49   1.3
Other Industries (2)   32,558   9.4   27,176   330   8.5
Gross non-performing loans (3)   Rs.   345,514   100.0   %   Rs.   312,470   US$ 3,802   100.0   %
Aggregate provision for loan losses   (269,105   )   (254,507   )   (3,097   )
Net non-performing loans   Rs.   76,409   Rs.   57,963   US$	 705

_____________________

(1)   Includes home loans,
commercial business loans, rural loans, automobile loans, business banking, credit cards, personal loans, loans against securities and
dealer financing portfolio.

(2)    Other industries
primarily include developer financing portfolio, automobiles, cement, shipping, food and beverages, chemical and fertilizers, textile,
drugs and pharmaceuticals, metal and products (excluding iron and steel) services – finance and fast moving consumer goods.

See
“Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects—Executive Summary—Certain Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations—Trends in fiscal 2022
”.

143

Table of Contents

Restructurd
loans

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, gross restructured loans by borrowers’ industry or economic activity and as a percentage of
total gross restructured loans.

At March 31,
2022   2023
Amount   As a percentage of restructured loans   Amount   Amount   As a percentage of restructured loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance   Rs.   69,073   74.1   %   Rs.   44,643   US$ 543   85.0   %
Power   6,106   6.5   ..   ..   ..
Roads, port, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   2,851   3.1   2,793   34   5.3
Construction   1,924   2.1   1,599   19   3.0
Others (1)   13,312   14.2   3,479   43   6.7
Gross restructured loans   Rs.   93,266   100.0   %   Rs.   52,514   US$	 639   100.0   %
Aggregate provision for loan losses   (2,914   )   (1,779   )   (22   )
Net restructured loans   Rs.   90,352   Rs.   50,735   US$	 617

(1)   Others primarily include automobile,
                                            textiles, food and beverages, wholesale/retail trade, services-non finance, manufacturing
                                            products (excluding metal) and gems and jewellery.

(2)   In addition, the Bank holds general
                                            provision amounting to Rs. 12.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 (year-end fiscal 2022: Rs.
                                            23.6 billion) on these restructured loans, subject to minimum provisioning requirement as
                                            per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

Key ratios-Asset
quality

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, our key ratios on asset quality.

At or for the year ended March 31,
2022

2023

(Rs. in millions, except percentages)

Gross restructured loans as a percentage of gross loans

0.98%

0.47%

-Gross restructured loans

93,266

52,514

-Total gross loans

9,475,107

11,094,954

Gross non-performing loans as a percentage of gross loans

3.65

2.82

-Gross non-performing loans

345,514

312,470

-Total gross loans

9,475,107

11,094,954

Net restructured loans as a percentage of net loans

0.98

0.47

-Net restructured loans

90,352

50,735

-Total net loans

9,203,081

10,838,663

Net non-performing loans as a percentage of net loans
(1)

0.83

0.53

-Net non-performing loans

76,409

57,963

-Total net loans

9,203,081

10,838,663

Provision on restructured loans as a percentage of gross restructured loans
(2)

3.12

3.39

-Provision on restructured loans

2,914

1,779

-Gross restructured loans

93,266

52,514

Provision on non-performing loans as a percentage of gross non-performing loans

77.89

81.45

-Provision on non-performing loans

269,105

254,507

-Gross non-performing loans

345,514

312,470

Provision as a percentage of gross loans
(3)

4.45%

4.08%

-Provisions

421,315

452,185

-Total gross loans

9,475,107

11,094,954

_______________________

(1)   Includes
                                            loans identified as non-performing/impaired in line with the guidelines issued by regulators
                                            of the respective subsidiary.

(2)   In
                                            addition, the Bank holds 25% general provision on restructured assets (including general
                                            provision required as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India).

(3)   Includes
                                            general provision on standard assets.

144

Table of Contents

Net loan
write-offs and Provision on non-performing loans

The table presents
net loan write-offs and percentage of average loans for the periods indicated.

March 31, 2022   March 31, 2023
Average loan portfolio   Net loan charge-offs 1   % of average gross loans   Net loan charge-offs 1   % of average gross loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Commercial loans   Rs.   42,528   1.17   %   Rs.   8,287   0.20   %
Consumer loans   52,712   1.03   19,076   0.31
Lease financing   1   0.10   ..   ..
Total loans   Rs.   95,241   1.09   %   Rs.   27,363   0.27   %

(1)   Net
                                            loan write offs is the difference between gross loan write-offs and recoveries from write-offs.

Net
loan write-offs as a percentage of our average total loan portfolios were 0.27% in the fiscal 2023 as compared to 1.09% in the fiscal
2022.

The following table
shows an allocation of the Group’s total provision on non-performing loans and the percentage of loans in each category to total
gross loans for the periods indicated.

March 31, 2022   March 31, 2023
Amount   % of loans in each category to total gross loans   Amount   % of loans in each category to total gross loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Commercial loans   Rs.   203,023   41.8   %   189,176   39.6   %
Consumer loans   66,082   58.2   65,331   60.4
Lease financing   ..   0.0   ..   0.0
Total loans   Rs.   269,105   100   %   254,507   100   %

145

Table of Contents

Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects

You should read
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial
statements. The following discussion is based on our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes prepared in accordance
with Indian GAAP, which varies in certain significant respects from U.S. GAAP. For a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’
equity to U.S. GAAP, a description of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and certain additional U.S. GAAP information,
see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements included herein.

Executive Summary

Introduction

We are a diversified
financial services group offering a wide range of banking and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety
of delivery channels. Apart from banking products and services, we offer life and general insurance, asset management, securities broking
and private equity products and services through specialized subsidiaries and affiliates. Our consolidated total assets at year-end fiscal
2023 were Rs. 19,584.9 billion. Our consolidated capital and reserves and surplus including employees’ stock options outstanding
at year-end fiscal 2023 were Rs. 2,145.0 billion and our consolidated net profit (after minority interest) for fiscal 2023 was Rs. 340.4
billion.

Our primary business
consists of commercial banking operations for retail and corporate customers. Our commercial banking operations for retail customers
consist of retail lending, deposit taking, distribution of insurance and investment products and other fee-based products and services.
We provide a range of commercial banking products and services, including loan products, fee and commission-based products and services,
deposit products and foreign exchange and derivatives products to India’s leading corporations, middle market companies and small
and medium enterprises. We also offer agricultural and rural banking products.

Our international
franchise focusses on non-resident Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses and on deepening relationships with well-rated
Indian corporates in international markets and multinational companies for maximizing the India-linked trade, transaction banking and
lending opportunities within our risk management framework. Our overseas banking subsidiaries continue to serve local markets selectively
with a focus on risk and granularity of business.

Our treasury operations
include the maintenance and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign
exchange and derivatives products and services for corporate customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps.

We are also engaged
in insurance, asset management, securities broking business and private equity fund management through specialized subsidiaries and affiliates.
Our subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company, provide a wide range of life
insurance and asset management products respectively. Our associate ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company provides a wide range of
general insurance products. In May 2023, the Board of the Bank approved acquisition of up to 4.0% of ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited's shareholding, to make it a subsidiary of the Bank, subject to receipt of necessary regulatory approvals.

Our subsidiaries
ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited are engaged in equity underwriting and securities broking and
primary dealership in government securities and fixed income market operations, respectively. Our private equity fund management subsidiary
ICICI Venture manages funds that make private equity investments.

146

Table of Contents

Certain Factors
Affecting Our Results of Operations

Our loan portfolio,
financial condition and results of operations have been and, in the future would be, influenced by economic conditions in India, global
economic developments affecting our customers such as changes in commodity prices and geo-political risks, conditions in global financial
markets, economic conditions in the United States and in foreign countries where we have a significant presence or which impact the Indian
economy and global markets, evolving global and domestic regulations, and global and regional natural calamities and health epidemics
such as COVID-19. For ease of understanding the following discussion of our results of operations, you should consider these macroeconomic
factors and other key developments.

Trends
in fiscal 2023

The global gross
domestic product grew by 2.7% in calendar year 2022 compared to a 5.9% increase in calendar year 2021. The gross domestic product of
advanced economies grew by 2.6% and the gross domestic product of emerging economies grew by 2.8% in calendar 2022, compared to 5% growth
in advanced economies and 6.5% for emerging economies in calendar year 2021. The fall in global growth reflected the adverse effects
of the commodity price shock that took place in response to the Russia-Ukraine war, monetary tightening delivered by global central banks
and stringent lockdowns that were imposed in China to combat the spread of COVID-19. Global energy prices rose sharply in the first half
of calendar year 2022 reflecting concerns about supply. However, a sharp correction occurred in the second half of calendar year 2022
in response to weakening global demand. Global inflation surged in calendar year 2022 which was more prominent in advanced economies
such as the U.S., Euro-zone and the UK. Global central banks had to front-load interest rate hikes, led by the U.S. Federal Reserve and
the European Central Bank as well as other central banks. Given the pressures on the exchange rate and elevated inflation levels, several
emerging market central banks also tightened rates. The People’s Bank of China was an exception that kept monetary policy accommodative
in response to weakening economic activity. At the same time, higher interest rates have had an impact on the U.S. regional banking sector
which in-turn is likely to impact global growth. Overall, there are significant headwinds to global growth given that the lagged effect
of monetary tightening should work to slow economic activity and uncertainty about the state of the U.S. regional banking sector could
persist.

After India’s
real gross domestic product contracted by 5.8% during fiscal 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, growth bounced back strongly in fiscal
2022, supported by accommodative monetary and fiscal policies and vaccine coverage. India’s gross domestic product grew 7.2% in
fiscal 2023 compared with the 9.1% first revised estimates in fiscal 2022. Growth is underpinned by government led investment. The services
sector has rebounded with travel and hospitality along with financial services and real estate sectors witnessing growth momentum. While
a weaker global growth environment will impact India’s goods exports, services exports have been resilient. With oil prices easing
from the earlier highs, India’s external sector outlook has improved as seen in the reduction in the current account deficit.

Inflation in India
as measured by Consumer Price index came down from 7.0% in March 2022 to 5.7% in March 2023. However, the average inflation during fiscal
2023 was higher at 6.7% as compared to 5.5% in fiscal 2022. Inflation momentum was primarily driven by higher global and domestic food
prices (food and beverages inflation was approximately 6.7% in fiscal 2023). At the same time, the higher global commodity, energy and
metal prices and incomplete pass-through of input costs led to elevated core inflation (6.1% in fiscal 2022).

147

Table of Contents

As a measure
to combat the impact of the first wave of COVID-19 pandemic, the Reserve Bank of India reduced the repo rate by 75 basis points to
4.40% in March 2020 and further by 40 basis points to 4.00% in May 2020. The policy rate was kept unchanged till April
2022. The Monetary Policy Committee maintained an accommodative stance through fiscal 2022 with a view to sustain growth
and mitigate the impact of the pandemic on the economy. However, with inflationary pressures emerging due to geo-political
developments, in fiscal 2023 there was a series of repo rate hikes and absorption of excess liquidity. Reserve Bank of India
increased the repo rate by 250 basis points from April 2022 to February 2023 and thereafter, there has been a pause on repo
rate.

On April 8, 2022,
the Reserve Bank of India introduced the standing deposit facility rate as the floor of the liquidity adjustment facility corridor from
reverse repo rate and narrowed the width of corridor to 50 basis points from 90 basis points earlier by raising the floor rate by 40
basis points to 3.75% from 3.35% earlier. The Reserve Bank of India indicated that the balances held by banks with it under the standing
deposit facility shall be eligible for statutory liquidity ratio and shall not be eligible for cash reserve ratio maintenance. Notably,
the stance was changed to ‘withdrawal of accommodation’ from ‘accommodative’.

On May 4, 2022,
in an off-cycle meeting, the Monetary Policy Committee announced an increase in the repo rate by 40 basis points from 4.00% to 4.40%.
Accordingly, the standing deposit facility rate was revised to 4.15% and the marginal standing facility rate to 4.65%. In line with the
decision to withdraw liquidity, the cash reserve ratio was increased by 50 basis points from 4.00% to 4.50% of net demand and time liabilities.
On June 8, 2022, the Monetary Policy Committee announced a further 50 basis point increase in the repo rate to 4.90%. Accordingly, the
standing deposit facility rate was revised to 4.65% and the marginal standing facility rate to 5.15%.

Through the fiscal
year, policy interest rates were raised as seen in the August 2022 meeting when the repo rate was increased by a larger quantum of 50
basis points to 5.4%. Accordingly, the Standing Deposit Facility rate was revised to 5.15% and the marginal standing facility rate was
revised to 5.65%. Even in September 2022, the repo rate was raised by 50 basis points to 5.9%. Consequently, the standing deposit facility
rate and marginal standing facility rate were revised to 5.65% and 6.15% respectively. The pace of rate hike was moderated to 35 basis
points in December 2022 thus bringing the repo rate to 6.25%. In February 2023, the quantum of repo rate hike was reduced to 25 basis
points to 6.5%. Consequently, the standing deposit facility rate and marginal standing facility rate was revised to 6.25% and 6.75% respectively.
The stance in the fiscal year was maintained at ‘withdrawal of accommodation’.

However, in its
April 2023 meeting, the Monetary Policy Committee kept the repo rate unchanged at 6.5%. Consequently, the standing deposit facility and
marginal standing facility rates remained unchanged. The stance of ‘withdrawal of accommodation’ also remained unchanged.

In line with its
policy stance, the Reserve Bank of India absorbed surplus liquidity during fiscal 2023, mainly through Open Market Operations such as
Variable Reverse Repo Rate auctions and intervention in the foreign exchange market to support the rupee. Liquidity declined sharply
to a surplus of approximately Rs. 1.5 trillion towards the end of the fiscal year from a surplus of approximately Rs. 7.2 trillion as
on March 31, 2022.

India’s merchandise
exports increased by 6.0% to US$ 447.5 billion in fiscal 2023 compared with US$ 422.0 billion in fiscal 2022. Merchandise imports too
rose by 16.5% to US$ 714.2 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to US$ 613.1 billion in fiscal 2022. The trade deficit widened to US$ 266.8
billion in fiscal 2023 compared with a trade deficit of US$ 191.1 billion in fiscal 2022. However, India’s services exports have
seen a sharp rebound in fiscal 2023 at US$ 322.7 billion as compared to US$ 254.5 billion in fiscal 2022. This along with an increase in remittances
has ensured that higher trade deficits are not resulting in equally high current account deficits. Thus, as a proportion of India’s
gross domestic product, the current account deficit is estimated at 1.9% in fiscal 2023 (1.2% in fiscal 2022). Gross foreign direct investment
inflows into India were US$ 70.7 billion during April to March 2023, while there was a net inflow of US$ 28.5 billion during the same
period.

148

Table of Contents

The equity market
benchmark S&P BSE Sensex index increased by 2% in fiscal 2023. The rupee depreciated by 8.4% from Rs. 75.79 per U.S. dollar as on
March 31, 2022 to Rs. 82.18 per U.S. dollar as on March 31, 2023. In fiscal 2023, the yields on the benchmark 10-year government securities
increased from 6.84% as on March 31, 2022 to 7.31% as on March 31, 2023.

In the banking
sector, non-food credit grew by 15.4% year-on-year as on March 24, 2023 compared to 8.7% as on March 25, 2022, with incremental credit
off-take of approximately Rs. 18.2 trillion during fiscal 2023. Sector-wise deployment of credit as on March 24, 2023 shows broad-based
growth. Retail loans grew by 20.6% year-on-year, credit to industry by 5.7%, credit to the services sector by 19.8% and to the agriculture
sector by 15.4%. Deposit growth was relatively muted, with growth of 9.6% year-on-year as on March 24, 2023 compared to 8.9% as on March
25, 2022.

According to the
Reserve Bank of India’s Financial Stability Report of December 2022, non-performing assets of scheduled commercial banks continued
the declining trend, with the gross non-performing assets ratio at 5.0% and net non-performing assets ratio at 1.3% as on September 30,
2022 compared to gross non-performing assets ratio of 6.9% and net non-performing assets ratio of 2.3% as on September 30, 2021.

In the budget for
fiscal 2024, the Indian government announced several banking sector specific measures including the revamped Credit Guarantee Trust for
Micro and Small Enterprises scheme, promotion of the newly introduced Digital Rupee by the Reserve Bank of India and setting up of National
Financial Information Registry and the Credit Guarantee Scheme for Micro and Small enterprises to receive an additional credit of Rs.
2.0 trillion. Additionally the budget included provisions for promotion of
Gujarat International Finance
Tech-City International Financial Services Centre
including permitting acquisition financing by
International
Financial Services Centre
Banking Units of foreign banks and establishing a subsidiary of EXIM Bank for trade re-financing. The
budget also seeks to establish an Urban Infrastructure Development Fund through use of investments made by banks in lieu of priority
sector lending shortfall, which will be managed by the National Housing Bank, and will be used by public agencies to create urban infrastructure
in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities.

Key regulatory
measures announced in fiscal 2023 were:

·   The
                                            Reserve Bank of India through its circular dated April 7, 2022 has introduced the concept
                                            of Digital Banking Units (“DBU”). Some of the key points of the circular include
                                            - establishment of DBUs, offering both liabilities and assets product services, and to ensure
                                            provision of regular on-site and off-site monitoring system covering all aspects of the guidelines.

·   The
                                            Reserve Bank of India also increased the limit under held to maturity category to 23% of
                                            net demand and time liabilities from 19.5% previously to enable banks to better manage their
                                            investment portfolios. It further allowed banks to include securities acquired between April
                                            1, 2022 and March 31, 2023 under the enhanced limit. With a view to enable banks to better
                                            manage their investment portfolios, the Reserve Bank of India decided to extend the dispensation
                                            of enhanced held to maturity limit of 23% up to March 31, 2024. The held to maturity limits
                                            would be restored from 23% to 19.5% in a phased manner starting from the quarter ending June
                                            30, 2024.

·   Pursuant
                                            to an earlier discussion paper on climate-related financial risks, the Reserve Bank of India
                                            decided to issue guidelines for regulated entities on (i) a broad framework for acceptance
                                            of green deposits (ii) a disclosure framework on climate-related financial risks and (iii)
                                            guidance on climate scenario analysis and stress testing.

149

Table of Contents

Business Overview

While assessing
our performance, we monitor key financial variables such as the movement in profit before tax, excluding treasury income and return on
equity. We also look at movement in yield on assets, cost of funds and net interest margin, movement in fee income and cost ratios. We
also monitor key business indicators such as deposit growth, funding mix, loan growth and loan delinquency trends. We re-evaluate underwriting
norms and risk management on an ongoing basis, and assess the financial impact of events on our capital, revenue and credit costs. We
analyze changes in economic indicators such as interest rates, liquidity, exchange rates and the performance of various sectors and sub-sectors
of the economy. In addition to these indicators, we monitor other non-financial indicators such as quality of customer service and the
extent and nature of customer complaints, cyber threats, data security and preparedness to address them and estimates of market share
in key areas of business. We continue to evaluate impact of climate change risks on the portfolio and the environmental, social and governance
profile of our large borrowers. We also continuously look at improving capabilities that may be required to respond to crisis related
events.

The growth in India’s
gross domestic product of 7.2% in fiscal 2023 reflects the continuous recovery in economic activity after a contraction in fiscal 2021
due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The improvement in underlying economic activity was visible across sectors ranging from higher electricity
generation to fuel consumption to automobile sales and travel along with higher credit off-take. The government tax collections have
been buoyant and so has been the case with services exports. Government led investment cycle has also continued in the year.

Financial conditions
remained relatively stable as the Reserve Bank of India raised policy rates to bring down the inflationary pressures visible in the economy.
It also intervened in the foreign exchange market to ensure that the rupee did not see any sharp volatility. The Indian banking sector
maintained improvements in asset quality, profitability and capital adequacy ratios during fiscal 2023. Growth in banking system non-food
credit saw substantial improvement during fiscal 2023, with growth being driven by retail and service sector loans. Growth in deposits
was stable as interest rates on term deposits remained stable in the first half of fiscal 2023 with an increase in rates only towards
the second half of fiscal 2023. Lending rates saw a substantial rise during fiscal 2023, with the average lending rate on fresh rupee
loans approved by banks increased by 169 basis points.

During the three
months ended March 31, 2023, the global business environment changed because of the U.S. regional banking crisis which resulted in risk
aversion and concerns about a possible hit to credit markets. However, counterparty risk has been managed by ring-fencing the depositors
by U.S. policymakers. Global central banks opened the U.S. dollar swap window. However, global merchandise trade remains weak reflecting
subdued global growth. The re-opening of the Chinese economy has not had a substantial effect in terms of improving trade flows. At the
same time, the central banks of advanced economies have indicated that they will keep policy in restrictive territory to tackle inflation
pressures that will continue to work as a headwind for the global economy. Adverse global developments impact Indian economy via both
trade and financial channels. India’s foreign exchange reserves and well capitalized financial sector should mitigate the impact
of the global developments on domestic economy.

See also “
—Executive
Summary—Certain Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations—Trends in fiscal 2023
”.

In this environment,
we continue to focus on maintaining a resilient balance sheet and strong capital levels.

150

Table of Contents

We believe that
our healthy deposit franchise and competitive funding costs, along with strengthened risk management practices enable us to pursue growth
opportunities profitably. In general, trends in systemic liquidity, interest rates and inflation influence deposit growth, especially
with respect to low cost savings and current account deposits. Our ability to grow our deposit base may be impacted by increasing competition
for such deposits from existing banks and new entrants. Regulatory developments like the introduction of a digital currency by the Reserve
Bank of India may also impact our ability to raise low cost deposits in the medium to long term. We have focused on maintaining and enhancing
our deposit franchise, including by leveraging technology. We have focused on capitalizing on opportunities in retail lending, including
by cross-selling additional products to our existing customers, and growing our lending to small businesses, while adopting a selective
approach to corporate lending, in order to build a more granular portfolio and sustainably improve portfolio quality. We aim to provide
a complete range of financial products and services to meet personal and business needs of our customers and their ecosystems.

We continue to
focus on maintaining capital adequacy ratios that are higher than regulatory requirements. We aim to grow the loan portfolio in a granular
manner with a focus on risk and reward. Our provisioning policy for non-performing assets has been made more conservative, and as of
March 31, 2023, we also held contingency provisions on a prudent basis, with a view to further strengthen the balance sheet.

A discussion
of our financial performance in fiscal 2023 is given below:

Profit before tax
excluding treasury income increased by 46.0% from Rs. 294.9 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 430.6 billion in fiscal 2023.

Operating profit
before provisions increased by 23.1% from Rs. 432.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 532.0 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase
in net interest income and other income, offset, in part, by an increase in operating expenses.

Net interest income
increased by 30.0% from Rs. 542.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 705.2 billion in fiscal 2023 reflecting an increase of 15.4% in the average
volume of interest-earning assets and an increase in net interest margin by 50 basis points.

Other income increased
by 5.1% from Rs. 628.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 661.1 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in commission, exchange
and brokerage income and net earned premium and other operating income relating to insurance business, offset, in part, by a decrease
in income from treasury related activities. Commission, exchange and brokerage income increased by 13.7% from Rs. 172.9 billion in fiscal
2022 to Rs. 196.5 billion in fiscal 2023. Premium and other operating income relating to insurance business increased by 5.6% from Rs.
389.6 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 411.4 billion in fiscal 2023, primarily reflecting an increase in business volume. Income from treasury-related
activities decreased from Rs. 55.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 41.9 billion in fiscal 2023.

Operating expenses
increased by 12.7 % from Rs. 731.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 824.4 billion in fiscal 2023 due to an increase in payments to and provision
for employees, other operating expenses and expenses related to insurance business.

151

Table of Contents

Provisions and
contingencies (excluding provision for tax) decreased by 22.7% from Rs. 89.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 69.4 billion in fiscal 2023
primarily due to a decrease in provision on non-performing and other assets, offset, in part, by an increase in other provisions and
contingencies. The provision on non-performing and other assets decreased from a provision of Rs. 63.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to a write-back
of Rs. 3.7 billion in fiscal 2023. During fiscal 2023, there were higher recoveries and upgrades from non-performing assets resulting
in net write-back of provision, offset, in part, by an increase in provisioning rate for certain non-performing asset categories. In
fiscal 2022, the provision for non-performing and other assets also included provision for loans restructured under Resolution Framework
for COVID-19-related Stress. The provision coverage ratio increased from 77.9% at March 31, 2022 to 81.5% at March 31, 2023. During fiscal
2023, the Bank made contingency provision amounting to Rs. 56.5 billion on a prudent basis, to further strengthen the balance sheet.

Gross non-performing
loans (net of write-offs) decreased from Rs. 345.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 312.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. Net
non-performing loans decreased from Rs. 76.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 58.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. The net non-performing
loan ratio decreased from 0.8% at year-end fiscal 2022 to 0.5% at year-end fiscal 2023. See also,
“Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—If the level of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates,
our business will suffer.”

Income tax expense
increased from Rs. 84.6 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 117.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in profit before tax
and an increase in effective tax rate. The effective tax rate increased from 24.2% in fiscal 2022 to 25.0% in fiscal 2023 due to change
in composition of income.

As a result of
the above, the profit after tax increased by 35.5% from Rs. 251.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 340.4 billion in fiscal 2023.

Net worth (equity
share capital and reserves and surplus) increased from Rs. 1,820.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 2,145.0 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023 primarily due to accumulation of retained earnings. Total assets and liabilities increased by 11.7% from Rs. 17,526.4 billion
at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 19,584.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. Total advances increased by 17.8% from 9,203.1 billion at year-end
fiscal 2022 to Rs. 10,838.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. Total deposits increased by 10.9% from Rs. 10,913.7 billion at year-end
fiscal 2022 to Rs. 12,108.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

The changes in
capital adequacy ratios of ICICI Bank on an unconsolidated basis (after deducting the proposed dividend for fiscal 2023 from capital
funds) in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on Basel III were as follows: common equity Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio decreased from 17.60% in fiscal 2022 to 17.12% is fiscal 2023; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio decreased from 18.35% in
fiscal 2022 to 17.60% in fiscal 2023; and total risk-based capital ratio decreased from 19.16% in fiscal 2022 to 18.34% in fiscal 2023.
The decrease in total risk-based capital ratio is primarily due to an increase in the credit risk exposure and market risk exposure.
Credit risk exposure increased primarily due to an increase in advances and off balance sheet exposures. Market risk exposure increased
primarily due to an increase in investment in government securities and an increase in notional amount of interest rate swaps and forward
rate agreements during the year. The changes in our capital adequacy ratios on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Reserve Bank
of India’s guidelines on Basel III, at year-end fiscal 2023 were as follows: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio decreased
from 17.34% in fiscal 2022 to 16.88% in fiscal 2023; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio decreased from 18.02% in fiscal 2022 to 17.33% in
fiscal 2023; and total risk-based capital ratio decreased from 18.87% in fiscal 2022 to 18.09% in fiscal 2023.

Business Outlook

Uncertainties in
the global economy have increased considerably following the global geo-political environment, stress in the United States regional banking
sector and elevated inflation pressures in developed economies such as the United States, Euro-zone and the United Kingdom. As the Russia-Ukraine
war continues, upside risks to the energy price outlook continue. At the same time, any further deterioration or signs of stress in the
U.S. regional banking sector could pose substantial downside risks to the United States and, subsequently, global growth outlook. Elevated
inflation in several developed economies would require continued tight monetary policy. This might restrict capital flows into India
and other emerging economies. The spill-over of these risks to the Indian economy needs to be monitored carefully. Slower global growth
is likely to pose a headwind to India’s growth by way of lower exports. However, lower global commodity prices are also likely
to benefit India in several ways: by keeping inflation low, improving corporate profitability, lowering import bill and reducing pressure
on Indian rupee.

152

Table of Contents

Over the medium
term, the outlook for Indian economy remains positive. India recently overtook China as the most populous country in the world, supporting
its large domestic market and the potential for consumption growth. Investments are also likely to increase because of the strong infrastructure
push by the government, improved balance sheets of corporations and banks, and rising capacity utilization. Lastly, the net imports,
includes merchandise and services, which typically posed a headwind for the Indian economy could have less impact on growth if the recent
momentum witnessed in services exports is sustained.

Our long-term strategy
will continue to focus on growing our core operating profit less provisions within the guardrails of risk and compliance. We focus on
creating holistic value propositions for our customers by adopting a 360-degree customer-centric approach and capturing opportunities
across customer ecosystems, leveraging internal synergies, building partnerships and simplifying processes. Cross-functional collaboration
among teams has been facilitated to tap into key customer and market segments, enabling 360-degree coverage of customers and increasing
wallet share. We have also streamlined our organisation structure and empowered teams at the local level to create flexibility and agility
in capturing business opportunities. This improves our ability to connect with customers and respond to their needs.

Technology is core
to our business strategy. We are creating digital experiences and aim to offer personalised and customized solutions to customers to
suit their life-stage and business needs. We partner with technology companies and platforms to leverage opportunities for growth and
enhancing service delivery and customer experience. We leverage technology and analytics for deeper insights into market opportunities,
customer needs and behavior. We continue to invest in technology to enhance our offerings to customers as well as the scalability, flexibility
and resilience of our technology architecture.

We have over the
years re-balanced our deposit profile, improved the credit rating profile of our portfolio and reduced concentration risks. We also improved
cost efficiency, scaled up retail loan growth, calibrated corporate loan growth and maintained high capital adequacy ratios. We have
repositioned our international franchise to focus on non-resident Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses and deepen
relationships with well-rated Indian corporates in international markets and multinational companies for maximizing the India-linked
trade, transaction banking and lending opportunities within our risk management framework. Our gross non-performing loans ratio has decreased
and the provisioning coverage on non-performing loans has increased in fiscal 2023. See also,
“Business—Strategy.”

Our success will
be determined by our ability to respond to the evolving economic environment, maintain a strong balance sheet with adequate buffers of
liquidity and capital, strong risk management and business continuity planning, as well as the behavior of our loan portfolio vis-à-vis
comparable banks and finance companies. Generally, the success of our strategy depends on several factors, including our ability to grow
our deposit base, grow our loan book profitably, contain non-performing loans, resolve stressed assets at an early stage, maintain regulatory
compliance in an evolving regulatory environment, address regulators’ assessments of and observations on our operations, and compete
effectively in the Indian corporate and retail financial services market. Regulations governing the financial sector in India, including
banking, insurance and asset management, continue to evolve, with a potential impact on the growth and profitability of financial services
groups such as us. The success of our strategy is also subject to the overall regulatory and policy environment in which we operate including
the direction of monetary policy. Our ability to execute our strategy will also depend on the liquidity and interest rate environment.
See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable
to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income
portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance”
. With regard
to our overseas banking subsidiaries, the impact on the global economy due to geopolitical factors, inflation and monetary policy and
other global developments are expected to impact economic growth in Canada and the United Kingdom, which in turn could impact the business
of our banking subsidiaries in these countries. See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The exposures
of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.”

For a detailed
discussion of risks that we face in our business please refer to “Risk Factors”.

153

Table of Contents

Operating
Results Data

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, our summary results data.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023 (1)
(in millions, except per common share data)
Selected income statement data:
Interest earned (2)   Rs.   954,069   Rs.   1,210,668   US$   14,730
Interest expended   (411,667   )   (505,434   )   (6,150   )
Net interest income   542,402   705,234   8,580
Other income   621,295   651,120   7,922
Net total income   1,163,696   1,356,354   16,502
Operating expenses
Payments to and provisions for employees   (123,416   )   (152,342   )   (1,854   )
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   (398,763   )   (416,551   )   (5,068   )
Other operating expenses (3)   (209,338   )   (255,497   )   (3,109   )
Total operating expenses   (731,517   )   (824,390   )   (10,031   )
Operating profit before provisions   432,179   531,964   6,471
Provisions and contingencies (excluding provision for tax)   (89,766   )   (69,399   )   (844   )
Share of profit in associates   7,544   9,983   121
Profit before tax   349,957   472,548   5,748
Provision for tax   (84,574   )   (117,934   )   (1,435   )
Profit after tax   265,383   354,614   4,313
Minority interest   (14,282   )   (14,248   )   (173   )
Net profit (after minority interest)   251,101   340,366   4,140
Profitability:
Net profit (after minority interest) as a percentage of:
Average total assets   1.57%   1.87%
Average stockholders’ equity   15.05   17.22
Per common share:
Earnings-basic (4)   Rs.   36.21   Rs.   48.86   US$   0.59
Earnings-diluted (5)   35.44   47.84   0.58
Book value (6)   Rs.   250.41   Rs.   296.12   US$   3.6
Dividend payout ratio (7)   13.84%   16.41%
Cost-to-income ratio (8)   62.86   60.78
Cost-to-average assets ratio (9)   4.59   4.52
Capital
Average stockholders’ equity as a percentage of average total assets (10)   10.46%   10.84%

154

Table of Contents

(1)   Rupee
                                            amounts for fiscal 2023 have been translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate of
                                            Rs. 82.19 = US$ 1.00 as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve
                                            Board at year-end fiscal 2023.

(2)   Interest
                                            earned includes interest on income tax refunds of Rs. 2.4 billion and Rs. 1.2 billion
                                            for fiscal 2022 and 2023 respectively.

(3)   Includes
                                            depreciation on fixed assets and other general office expenses.

(4)   Earnings
                                            per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares and represents net profit/(loss)
                                            per share before dilutive impact.

(5)   Earnings
                                            per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares and represents net profit/(loss)
                                            per share adjusted for full dilution. Options to purchase 24,643,450 and 24,312,910 equity
                                            shares granted to employees at a weighted average exercise price of Rs. 570.4 and Rs.
                                            748.0 were outstanding at year-end fiscal 2022 and 2023 respectively, but were not included
                                            in the computation of diluted earnings per share as these options were anti-dilutive.

(6)   Represents
                                            capital, employees’ stock options outstanding and reserves and surplus reduced by deferred
                                            tax asset and goodwill.

(7)   Represents
                                            the ratio of total dividends paid on equity share capital as a percentage of net profit (after
                                            minority interest). Dividends for a fiscal year are normally paid in the following year.

(8)   Represents
                                            the ratio of operating expenses to total income. Total income represents the sum of net interest
                                            income and non-interest income.

(9)   Represents
                                            the ratio of operating expenses to average total assets.

(10)   Represents
                                            the ratio of average stockholders’ equity to average total assets. Average stockholders’
                                            equity represents average capital, employees’ stock options outstanding and reserves
                                            and surplus reduced by preference share capital. Average total assets represents total of
                                            average interest-earning assets and average non-interest earning assets.

Consolidated
Income Information

Net Interest
Income

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of net interest income.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest earned (1)   Rs.   954,069   Rs.   1,210,668   US$   14,730   26.9%
Interest expense   (411,667   )   (505,434   )   (6,150   )   22.8
Net interest income   Rs.   542,402   Rs.   705,234   US$   8,580   30.0%

_______________________

(1)   Tax
                                            exempt income has not been re-calculated on a tax-equivalent basis.

155

Table of Contents

Yields, Spreads
and Margins

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the yields, spreads and net interest margins on interest-earning assets.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest earned (1)   Rs.   954,115   Rs.   1,210,702
Average interest-earning assets   13,743,590   15,859,535
Interest expense   411,666   505,434
Average interest-bearing liabilities   11,234,035   12,851,469
Average total assets   15,944,038   18,228,389
Average interest-earning assets as a percentage of average total assets   86.20%   87.00%
Average interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of average total assets   70.46   70.50
Average interest-earning assets as a percentage of average interest-bearing liabilities   122.34   123.41
Yield   6.94   7.63
Rupee   7.71   8.11
Foreign currency   1.48   3.32
Cost of funds   3.66   3.93
Rupee   3.88   4.08
Foreign currency   1.47   2.35
Spread (2)   3.28   3.70
Rupee   3.82   4.03
Foreign currency   0.01   0.97
Net interest margin (3)   3.95   4.45
Rupee   4.42   4.75
Foreign currency   0.59%   1.71%

___________________

(1)   We
                                            have re-calculated tax-exempt income on a tax-equivalent basis. The impact of re-calculation
                                            of tax-exempt income on a tax equivalent basis was Rs. 34 million for fiscal 2023 as compared
                                            to Rs. 27 million for fiscal 2022.

(2)   Spread
                                            is the difference between yield on average interest-earning assets and cost of average interest-bearing
                                            liabilities. Yield on average interest-earning assets is the ratio of interest earned to
                                            average interest-earning assets. Cost of average interest-bearing liabilities is the ratio
                                            of interest expended to average interest-bearing liabilities.

(3)   Net
                                            interest margin is the ratio of net interest income to average interest-earning assets. The
                                            difference in net interest margin and spread arises due to the difference in amount of average
                                            interest-earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities. If average interest-earning
                                            assets exceed average interest-bearing liabilities, net interest margin is greater than the
                                            spread and if average interest-bearing liabilities exceed average interest-earning assets,
                                            net interest margin is less than the spread.

(4)   Previous
                                            period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period
                                            classification.

Net interest income
increased by 30.0% from Rs. 542.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 705.2 billion in fiscal 2023, reflecting an increase of 15.4% in the
average volume of interest-earning assets and an increase in net interest margin by 50 basis points.

156

Table of Contents

Net
interest margin

Net interest margin
on the rupee portfolio increased by 33 basis points from 4.42% in fiscal 2022 to 4.75% in fiscal 2023 and net interest margin on the
foreign currency portfolio increased by 112 basis points from 0.59% in fiscal 2022 to 1.71% in fiscal 2023. Overall net interest margin
increased by 50 basis points from 3.95% in fiscal 2022 to 4.45% in fiscal 2023. The yield on average interest-earning assets increased
by 69 basis points from 6.94% in fiscal 2022 to 7.63% in fiscal 2023. The cost of funds increased by 27 basis points from 3.66% in fiscal
2022 to 3.93% in fiscal 2023.

The yield on the
rupee portfolio increased by 41 basis points from 7.71% in fiscal 2022 to 8.11% in fiscal 2023 primarily due to the following:

·   The
                                            yield on rupee advances increased by 48 basis points from 8.84% in fiscal 2022 to 9.32% in
                                            fiscal 2023. The yield on rupee investments increased by 38 basis points from 6.13% in fiscal
                                            2022 to 6.51% in fiscal 2023. The yield on rupee other interest-earning assets decreased
                                            by 32 basis points from 2.54% in fiscal 2022 to 2.22% in fiscal 2023.

·   The
                                            yield on rupee advances increased primarily due to re-pricing of existing floating rate loans
                                            linked to the repo rate and the Bank’s marginal cost of funds based lending rate and
                                            new lending at higher rates due to significant increase in the repo rate.

The Reserve
Bank of India increased the repo rate by 250 basis points from 4.00% in May 2022 to 6.50% in February 2023. The Bank increased the 1-year
marginal cost of funds based lending rate by 150 basis points in phases during fiscal 2023. The impact of increase in repo rates from
May 2022 started reflecting in overall yield through repricing of repo and treasury bill linked portfolio from second quarter of fiscal
2023. For marginal cost of funds based lending rate linked loans, the effect on the yields started reflecting from the respective reset
dates of underlying loans. At March 31, 2023, of the total domestic loan book of ICICI Bank on a standalone basis, 30% had fixed interest
rates, 45% had interest rates linked to repo rate, 20% had interest rates linked to the marginal cost of funds based lending rate and
other older benchmarks and 5% had interest rates linked to other external benchmarks. See also “
Business—Loan portfolio—Loan
pricing
”.

·   The
                                            yield on interest earning rupee government securities increased primarily due to reset of
                                            yields on floating rate bonds linked to treasury bills at higher rates pursuant to a significant
                                            increase in treasury bill yields and new investment in government securities at higher yields.
                                            The yield on investments, other than government securities, increased primarily due to an
                                            increase in yield on bonds and debentures.

·   The
                                            yield on other interest-earning rupee assets decreased by 32 basis points from 2.54% in fiscal
                                            2022 to 2.22% in fiscal 2023 primarily due to a decrease in interest income on funding swaps,
                                            a decrease in interest earning liquidity adjustment facility lending to Reserve Bank of India
                                            and an increase in average balance with the Reserve Bank of India (cash reserve ratio) which
                                            does not earn any interest. During first quarter of fiscal 2023, the Reserve Bank of India
                                            had increased the cash reserve ratio from 4% to 4.5%.

·   Interest
                                            on income tax refunds decreased from Rs. 2.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1.2 billion in
                                            fiscal 2023. The receipt, amount and timing of such income depend on the nature and timing
                                            of determinations by tax authorities and hence are neither consistent nor predictable.

157

Table of Contents

The cost of funds
for the rupee portfolio increased by 20 basis points from 3.88% in fiscal 2022 to 4.08 % in fiscal 2023 primarily due to the following
factors:

·   The
                                            cost of rupee deposits increased by 11 basis points from 3.61% in fiscal 2022 to 3.72% in
                                            fiscal 2023 due to an increase in cost of term deposits.

The cost
of rupee term deposits increased by 20 basis points from 4.64% in fiscal 2022 to 4.84% in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in
retail term deposits rates during fiscal 2023. The peak rate for retail term deposits of the Bank increased significantly from 5.75%
in May 2022 to 7.10% in March 2023 in phases during fiscal 2023 on account of significant increase in repo rate by the Reserve Bank of
India. The full impact of the rise in interest rates on deposits will be reflected in fiscal 2024. The cost of savings account deposits
increased from 3.15% in fiscal 2022 to 3.17% in fiscal 2023. The average rupee current account and savings account deposits as a percentage
of total average rupee deposits were 44.7% in fiscal 2023 as compared to 44.5% in fiscal 2022.

·   The
                                            cost of rupee borrowings increased by 43 basis points from 6.32% in fiscal 2022 to 6.75%
                                            in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in the cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Bank
                                            and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership. The cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Bank increased
                                            primarily due to an increase in cost of short term money market borrowings and refinance
                                            borrowings, offset, in part, by a decrease in cost of bond borrowings.

The total
average rupee deposits of the Bank as a percentage of total average rupee funding decreased from 92.7% in fiscal 2022 to 91.4% in fiscal
2023.

Net interest margin
on the foreign currency portfolio increased by 112 basis points from 0.59% in fiscal 2022 to 1.71% in fiscal 2023. Average interest-earning
foreign currency assets decreased by 6.2% from Rs. 1,688.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,583.2 billion in fiscal 2023. Average interest-bearing
foreign currency liabilities increased by 6.0% from Rs. 1,025.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,086.4 billion in fiscal 2023. During
fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023, the Bank converted a part of the excess rupee liquidity into foreign currency and deployed the same in foreign
currency placements/investments. This has resulted in average foreign currency assets being significantly higher than average foreign
currency liabilities.

The yield on our
foreign currency portfolio increased by 184 basis points from 1.48% in fiscal 2022 to 3.32% in fiscal 2023 primarily due to the following:

·   The
                                            yield on average foreign currency interest-earning assets of ICICI Bank increased by 206
                                            basis points from 1.12% in fiscal 2022 to 3.18% in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase
                                            in the yield on average advances. The yield on average advances increased by 198 basis points
                                            from 1.52% in fiscal 2022 to 3.50% in fiscal 2023 primarily due to repricing of floating
                                            rate/maturing advances on account of the rate hike cycle by the U.S. Federal Reserve. The
                                            yield on average advances was also positively impacted due to higher interest collection
                                            on non-performing assets.

·   The
                                            yield on average interest-earning assets of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased primarily due to
                                            an increase in yield on average advances and an increase in yield on average investments
                                            primarily due to increase in benchmark interest rates.

·   The
                                            yield on average interest-earning assets of ICICI Bank Canada increased primarily due to
                                            an increase in yield on average advances and an increase in average investments. The yield
                                            on average advances and average investments increased due to an increase in benchmark interest
                                            rates.

158

Table of Contents

The cost of funds
for the foreign currency portfolio increased by 88 basis points from 1.47% in fiscal 2022 to 2.35% in fiscal 2023, due to the following
factors:

·   The
                                            cost of funds for ICICI Bank’s foreign currency funding increased in fiscal 2023 as
                                            compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to an increase in cost of term borrowings on account
                                            of rate hike cycle by the US Federal Reserve.

·   The
                                            cost of funds of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 primarily
                                            due to an increase in cost of deposits. The cost of deposits increased primarily due to an
                                            increase in interest rates offered on deposits on account of higher benchmark interest rates.

·   The
                                            cost of funds of ICICI Bank Canada increased in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 primarily
                                            due to an increase in cost of deposits. The cost of deposits increased primarily due to an
                                            increase in rates offered on term deposits mobilized and an increase in the rates offered
                                            for savings deposits.

Our yield on advances,
interest earned, net interest income and net interest margin are impacted by systemic liquidity conditions, movements in interest rates,
the competitive environment, the level of additions to non-performing loans, regulatory developments, monetary policy and economic and
geo-political factors. These developments may have an adverse impact on the net interest margin. The timing and quantum of recoveries
and interest on income tax refund is uncertain.

Interest
rates on approximately 49.9% of ICICI Bank’s domestic loans are linked to external market benchmarks. The differential movements
in the external benchmark rates compared to cost of funds impact our net interest income and net interest margin.

Interest-earning assets

The average volume
of interest-earning assets increased by 15.4% from Rs. 13,743.6 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 15,859.5 billion in fiscal 2023. The increase
in average interest-earning assets was primarily due to an increase in average advances by Rs. 1,697.7 billion and average investments
by Rs. 612.6 billion, offset, in part, by a decrease in average other interest-earning assets by Rs. 194.4 billion.

The average volume
of rupee interest-earning assets increased by 18.4% from Rs. 12,055.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 14,276.4 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily
due to an increase in average advances and average investments, offset, in part, by a decrease in average other interest-earning assets.
Average rupee advances increased by 23.4% from Rs. 7,334.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 9,059.7 billion in fiscal 2023. Average rupee
investments increased by 18.7% from Rs. 3,558.9 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 4,223.4 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase
in average investments in Indian government securities. Average other rupee interest-earning assets decreased by 13.8% from Rs. 1,152.6
billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 993.3 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to a decrease in lending to the Reserve Bank of India under
liquidity adjustment facility, offset, in part, by an increase in balances with the Reserve Bank of India to maintain cash reserve ratio.

159

Table of Contents

The average volume
of foreign currency interest-earning assets decreased by 6.2% from Rs. 1,688.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,583.2 billion in fiscal
2023. Average foreign currency advances decreased by 1.8% from Rs. 975.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 957.1 billion in fiscal 2023.
Average foreign currency investments decreased by 25.1% from Rs. 207.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 155.1 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily
due to a decrease in investments in treasury bills by ICICI Bank Canada, offset, in part, by an increase in investments in banker’s
acceptances and bonds by ICICI Bank Canada. Average other foreign currency interest-earning assets decreased by 6.9% from Rs. 506.0 billion
in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 470.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to a decrease in balances with banks outside India.

Interest-bearing liabilities

Average interest-bearing
liabilities increased by 14.4% from Rs. 11,234.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 12,851.5 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase
in average deposits by Rs. 1,207.0 billion and average borrowings by Rs. 410.4 billion.

Average interest-bearing
rupee liabilities increased by 15.2% from Rs. 10,208.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 11,765.1 billion in fiscal 2023. Average rupee time
deposits increased by 12.6% from Rs. 5,094.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 5,735.6 billion in fiscal 2023. Average rupee current account
and savings account deposits increased by 13.6% from Rs. 4,084.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 4,641.6 billion in fiscal 2023. Average
rupee borrowings increased by 34.8% from Rs. 1,030.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,387.9 billion in fiscal 2023. Average borrowings
of ICICI Bank increased primarily due to an increase in bond borrowings, refinance borrowings and repo borrowings.

Average interest-bearing
foreign currency liabilities increased by 6.0% from Rs. 1,025.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,086.4 billion in fiscal 2023 due to an
increase in borrowings. Average foreign currency borrowings increased by 10.5% from Rs. 497.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 550.3 billion
in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in borrowings of ICICI Bank, offset, in part, by a decrease in borrowings of ICICI Bank UK
PLC and ICICI Bank Canada. Average borrowings of ICICI Bank increased primarily due to an increase in term money borrowings. Average
borrowings of ICICI Bank UK PLC decreased primarily due to maturity of long-term borrowings. Average borrowings of ICICI Bank Canada
decreased primarily due to reduction in treasury and securitized borrowings. Average foreign currency deposits increased by 1.6% from
Rs. 527.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 536.1 billion in fiscal 2023. Average deposits of ICICI Bank increased primarily due to an increase
in foreign currency non-resident deposits. Average deposits of ICICI Bank UK PLC decreased primarily due to a decrease in term deposits
and retail savings deposits, offset, in part, by an increase in current deposits. Average foreign currency deposits of ICICI Bank Canada
increased primarily due to an increase in term deposits.

See also “
Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk
and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income
from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance
”.

160

Table of Contents

Other Income

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of other income.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Commission, exchange and brokerage   Rs.   172,884   Rs.   196,485   US$   2,391   13.7%
Income from treasury-related activities (net)   55,060   41,921   510   (23.9   )
- Profit/(loss) on exchange/derivative transactions (net)   29,933   30,509   371   1.9
-Profit/(loss) on other treasury-related activities (1)   25,127   11,412   139   (54.6   )
Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net)   57   543   7   —
Premium and other operating income from insurance business   389,596   411,368   5,005   5.6
Miscellaneous income   11,242   10,786   131   (4.1   )
- Share of profit in associates   7,544   9,983   121   32.3
-Others   3,698   803   10   (78.3   )
Total other income (including share of profit in associates)   Rs.   628,839   Rs.   661,103   US$   8,044   5.1%

 _____________________

(1)   Includes
                                            profit/(loss) on the sale of investments and on revaluation of investments.

Other income primarily
includes income pertaining to our insurance business, commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit/(loss) on treasury-related activities
and other miscellaneous income. This analysis of other income should be read against the backdrop of global and Indian economic developments,
financial market activities, the competitive environment, client activity levels and our strategy, as detailed in earlier sections.

Other income increased
by 5.1% from Rs. 628.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 661.1 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in commission, exchange
and brokerage income and net earned premium and other operating income relating to insurance business, offset, in part, by a decrease
in income from treasury related activities.

Commission, exchange
and brokerage

Commission, exchange
and brokerage income primarily includes fees from our banking business as well as fee and brokerage income of our securities broking,
asset management and private equity fund management subsidiaries. The fee income of our banking business primarily includes fees from
corporate clients, such as lending linked fees, and transaction banking fees such as fees on cash management services, commission on
bank guarantees, letters of credit and bills discounting. The fee income of our banking business also includes fees from retail customers
such as lending linked fees and transaction banking fee such as credit card related fees, debit card related fees and service charges
on retail deposit accounts.

Commission, exchange
and brokerage income increased from Rs. 172.9 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 196.5 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase
in transaction banking fees, lending linked fees, and fund management fees. Transaction banking fees increased from Rs. 78.9 billion
in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 98.8 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in fee income from credit cards and debit cards. Lending
linked fees increased from Rs. 33.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 39.6 billion in fiscal 2023. Fund management fees increased from Rs.
24.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 27.5 billion in fiscal 2023. Securities brokerage income decreased from Rs. 15.5 billion in fiscal
2022 to Rs. 12.6 billion in fiscal 2023. Third party products distribution fees increased from Rs. 9.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs.
10.3 billion in fiscal 2023.

161

Table of Contents

Income from Treasury-Related
Activities (Net)

Income from treasury-related
activities includes income from the sale of investments and the revaluation of investments on account of changes in unrealized profit/(loss)
in the fixed income, equity and preference share portfolio, units of venture capital and private equity funds, units of mutual funds
and security receipts issued by asset reconstruction companies. Further, it also includes income from foreign exchange transactions,
consisting of various foreign exchange and derivatives transactions with clients, including options and swaps.

Income from treasury-related
activities decreased from Rs. 55.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 41.9 billion in fiscal 2023.

Income from our
equity portfolio decreased from Rs. 16.9 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 10.7 billion in fiscal 2023.

There was a loss
from our government securities portfolio and other fixed income positions of Rs. 1.5 billion in fiscal 2023 due to unfavourable market
conditions, as compared to a gain of Rs. 5.6 billion in fiscal 2022. The yields on the benchmark 10-year government securities increased
from 6.84% at March 31, 2022 to 7.31% at March 31, 2023.

Income from foreign
exchange transactions, including transactions with clients and margins on derivatives transactions with clients, increased from Rs. 29.9
billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 30.5 billion in fiscal 2023.

Premium and
other operating income from insurance business

Premium and other
operating income from insurance business includes net premium income, fee and commission income, surrender charges and income on foreclosure
of policies.

Premium and other
operating income from our life insurance business increased by 5.6% from Rs. 389.6 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 411.4 billion in fiscal
2023. Net premium income of our life insurance subsidiary increased by 6.3% from Rs. 362.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 385.0 billion
in fiscal 2023. The premium income (gross of premium on reinsurance ceded) of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 6.6%
from Rs. 374.6 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 399.3 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in group premium and retail renewal
premium. Group premium increased by 28.1% from Rs. 67.3 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 86.2 billion in fiscal 2023. Retail renewal premium
increased by 4.4% from Rs. 214.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 223.8 billion in fiscal 2023. Retail new business premium decreased by
3.8% from Rs. 93.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 89.4 billion in fiscal 2023. Fee and other life insurance related income of our life
insurance subsidiary decreased by 4.2% from Rs. 27.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 26.4 billion in fiscal 2023.

Miscellaneous income

Miscellaneous income
decreased from Rs. 11.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 10.8 billion in fiscal 2023. The share of profit of ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited, accounted as an affiliate, increased from Rs. 7.5 billion in fiscal 2022.to Rs. 10.0 billion in fiscal 2023. Other miscellaneous
income decreased from Rs. 3.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 0.8 billion in fiscal 2023.

162

Table of Contents

Operating Expense

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of operating expense.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Payments to and provisions for employees   Rs.   123,416   Rs.   152,342   US$   1,854   23.4%
Depreciation on own property   13,112   14,946   182   14
Auditor’s fees and expenses   220   249   3   13.2
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   398,763   416,551   5,068   4.5
Other operating expenses   196,007   240,302   2,924   22.6
Total operating expenses   Rs.   731,518   Rs.   824,390   US$   10,031   12.7%

Operating expense
primarily includes expenses relating to our insurance business, payment to and provision for employees and other operating expenses.
Operating expenses increased by 12.7% from Rs. 731.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 842.4 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase
in payments to and provisions for employees and other operating expenses.

Payments to and provisions
for employees

Employee expenses
increased by 23.4% from Rs. 123.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 152.3 billion in fiscal 2023. Our employee base, including sales executives,
employees on fixed term contracts and interns, increased from 130,542 at year-end fiscal 2022 to 157,799 at year-end fiscal 2023.

The employee expenses
of ICICI Bank increased by 24.7% from Rs. 96.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 120.6 billion in fiscal 2023. Employee expenses increased
primarily due to an increase in salary cost, higher provision for retirement benefit obligations and provision for performance bonus
and performance-linked retention pay. Salary cost increased primarily due to annual increments and promotions and due to an increase
in average staff strength. The average employee base of ICICI Bank, including sales executives, employees on fixed term contracts and
interns, increased by 12.3% from 101,233 employees in fiscal 2022 to 113,664 employees in fiscal 2023.

The employee expenses
of ICICI Bank Canada increased by 32.9% from Rs. 1.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1.5 billion in fiscal 2023. The employee expenses
of ICICI Home Finance Company increased by 28.9% from Rs. 1.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 2.3 billion in fiscal 2023. The employee
expenses of ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company increased by 22.4% from Rs. 3.3 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 4.0 billion in fiscal
2023. The employee expenses of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 20.6% from Rs. 12.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs.
14.5 billion in fiscal 2023. The employee expenses of ICICI Securities Limited increased by 3.3% from Rs. 6.6 billion in fiscal 2022
to Rs. 6.8 billion in fiscal 2023.

Depreciation

Depreciation on
owned properties increased by 14.0% from Rs. 13.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 14.9 billion in fiscal 2023.

Other operating expenses

163

Table of Contents

Other operating
expenses primarily include rent, taxes and lighting, advertisement and publicity, repairs and maintenance, direct marketing agency expenses,
premium on purchase of priority sector lending certificates and other expenditures. Other operating expenses increased by 22.6% from
Rs. 196.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 240.3 billion in fiscal 2023.

Other operating
expenses of ICICI Bank increased by 22.7% from Rs. 158.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 194.8 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to
an increase in branch and ATM network and retail business volumes.

Other operating
expenses of our life insurance subsidiary increased from Rs. 24.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 30.8 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily
due to an increase in advertisement and sales related expenses.

Other operating
expenses of our home finance subsidiary increased from Rs. 1.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 2.7 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due
to increase in customer acquisition expenses, professional and legal expenses and other operating expenses on account of normalcy of
business.

Other operating
expenses of our asset management subsidiary increased from Rs. 3.3 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 4.0 billion in fiscal 2023.

Other operating
expenses of our securities subsidiary increased from Rs. 6.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 6.5 billion in fiscal 2023.

Expenses related
to our insurance business

Expenses related
to our insurance business include claims and benefit payouts, commission expenses and reserves for actuarial liability (including the
investible portion of the premium on unit-linked policies of our life insurance business). Expenses relating to our insurance business
increased by 4.5% from Rs. 398.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 416.6 billion in fiscal 2023.

The expenses related
to our life insurance subsidiary increased by 4.4% from Rs. 399.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 417.0 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily
due to an increase in provisions for policy holder liabilities (non-linked) from Rs. 135.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 169.1 billion
in fiscal 2023.

The reserves for
the actuarial liability of the life insurance business for the investible portion of the premium on unit-linked policies decreased by
7.7% from Rs. 194.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 179.0 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to decrease in linked premium income. The
investible portion of the premium on linked policies of our life insurance business represents the amount of premium, including renewal
premium received on linked policies of life insurance business invested, after deducting charges and the premium for risk coverage, in
the underlying fund.

See also “
Business—Overview
of Our Products and Services—Insurance
”.

Provisions and Contingencies (Excluding
Provision For Tax)

Provisions for Non-Performing Loans
and Restructured Loans

ICICI Bank classifies
its assets, including those in overseas branches, as performing and non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
The Bank’s home finance subsidiary classifies its loans and other credit facilities in accordance with the guidelines of the Reserve
Bank of India. Loans in the Bank’s United Kingdom subsidiary are classified as impaired if there is objective evidence of impairment
as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the loan (a loss event) and that loss event (or events)
has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. Loans in the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary
are considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that loan
have occurred. Under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, non-performing assets are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss
assets based on certain pre-defined criteria. Loans held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country
regulations but which are standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines are identified as non-performing assets to the
extent the loan amount is outstanding in the host country.

164

Table of Contents

A loan is classified
as restructuring, where a concessionary modification such as changes in repayment period, principal amount, repayment installment and
reduction in rate of interest has been made and downgraded to non-performing. The restructuring of loans in the event of a natural calamity,
restructuring involving deferment of date of commencement of commercial operations for projects under implementation and restructuring
for certain medium and small medium enterprises continues to be classified as standard restructured loans. Further, the Reserve Bank
of India through its guideline on ‘Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress’ dated August 6, 2020 and May 5, 2021,
provided a prudential framework to implement a resolution plan in respect of eligible borrowers, while classifying such exposures as
standard, subject to specified conditions.

The Bank has enhanced
internal controls, relating to the review of loan accounts which satisfy certain threshold parameters, primarily relating to size, credit
rating and days-past-due, for identification of non-performing assets.

ICICI Bank makes
provisions on standard, sub-standard and doubtful and loss assets as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning
requirements of the Reserve Bank of India. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful assets are fully provided For or written
off as required by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. For loans and advances of overseas branches, the Bank makes provisions as per
internal provisioning norms or host country regulations, whichever is higher. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing
loans and advances and against certain performing loans and advances in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India directions. The Bank’s
United Kingdom subsidiary maintains provision for loan losses at a level that management considers adequate to absorb identified credit
related losses as well as losses that have occurred but are not yet identifiable. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary maintains provision
for all financial assets using expected credit loss model. The expected credit loss for impaired financial assets is computed based on
individual assessment of expected cash flows from such assets.

In respect of non-retail
loans reported as frauds to the Reserve Bank of India and classified in the doubtful category, the entire amount, without considering
the value of security, is provided for over a period not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in which fraud has been detected.
In respect of non-retail loans where there has been a delay in reporting the fraud to the Reserve Bank of India or which are classified
as loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In the case of fraud in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately.
We make provisions on restructured/rescheduled loans and advances in accordance with the applicable Reserve Bank of India guidelines
on restructuring of loans and advances by banks.

In addition to
the specific provision on non-performing assets, we maintain a general provision on standard loans and advances and restructured/rescheduled
loans and advances at rates prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. For standard loans and advances in overseas branches, we hold a
general provision at the higher of host country regulatory requirements and the Reserve Bank of India requirements. The Bank also makes
additional general provision on loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors, exposures to step-down subsidiaries of Indian
companies, incremental exposure to borrowers identified under the framework for large exposure of the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank
may create floating provision for the year, in excess of the specific and general provision, as per Board approved policy. The floating
provision can only be utilized, with the approval of the Board and the Reserve Bank of India. Further, the Reserve Bank of India guidelines
on “Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress” provide a prudential framework for resolution plan of certain loans.
The Reserve Bank of India circular requires the banks to hold minimum 10% provision on these loans. The Bank makes general provision
on such loans at rates equal or higher than requirements stipulated in Reserve Bank of India circulars.

165

Table of Contents

The Bank, on a
prudent basis, has made contingency provision on certain loan portfolios, including borrowers who had taken moratorium at any time during
fiscal 2021 under the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines related to the COVID-19 regulatory package. The Bank also makes additional
contingency provision on certain standard assets. The contingency provision is included in ‘Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

Non-Performing Loans Strategy

In respect of unviable
non-performing loans, where borrowers have lost financial viability, we adopt an aggressive approach aimed at out-of-court settlements,
enforcing collateral, driving consolidation and seeking resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code under specific circumstances,
which among other measures includes recovery through the sale of a borrower’s assets in a time-bound manner. Our focus is on time
value of recovery and a pragmatic approach towards settlements. The collateral against our loan assets is the critical factor towards
the success of our recovery efforts. In certain accounts where the value of collateral against our loan has been eroded we undertake
charge-offs against loan loss allowances held. However, we continue to pursue recovery efforts in these accounts, either jointly along
with other lenders or individually through legal recourse and settlements. We are also adopting an online dispute resolution mechanism
(entailing mediation, conciliation or arbitration or combination thereof administered by an independent institution) for speedy resolution
of claims and disputes of certain retail assets and services as an alternative to approaching courts or tribunals. In addition, we focus
on proactive management of accounts under supervision. Our strategy is aimed at early stage solutions to incipient problems.

The Bank’s
strategy for the resolution of stressed corporate assets involves referring these cases for resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy
Code with the National Company Law Tribunal. The Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, provides for a time-bound revival and rehabilitation
mechanism to resolve stressed assets. Further, the filing for resolution by various stakeholders, including financial creditors and any
other participant as may be eligible, could impact our provisioning and credit loss. In addition, the requirement to complete the resolution
process within the stipulated timeline to avoid liquidation of the borrower, may impact recoveries from these stressed accounts. In the
event borrowers go into liquidation, the additional credit losses may be significant. In April 2021, the Government of India passed another
ordinance introducing a pre-packaged insolvency resolution process for micro, small and medium enterprises.

Our strategy for
resolution of non-performing assets includes sales of financial assets to asset reconstruction companies in exchange for receipt of securities
in the form of pass-through instruments issued by asset reconstruction companies, wherein payments to holders of the securities are based
on the actual realized cash flows from the transferred assets. Under Indian GAAP, these instruments are valued at the net asset values
as declared by the asset reconstruction companies in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under U.S. GAAP, the assets
we sell in exchange for security receipts are not accounted for as sales either because transfers do not qualify for sale accounting
under FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and servicing”, or transfers were impacted by FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation
– overall”, whereby, because the Bank is the ‘primary beneficiary’ of certain of these funds/trusts, it is required
under U.S. GAAP to consolidate these entities. These assets are considered restructured assets under U.S. GAAP. “
Supervision
and Regulation—Loan Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets
”.

166

Table of Contents

We monitor trends
in the credit ratings of our borrowers to enable us to take proactive remedial measures. We review the industry outlook and analyze the
impact of changes in the regulatory and fiscal environment. Our periodic review system helps us to monitor the health of accounts and
to take prompt remedial measures. We may seek to recover loans through enforcement of our rights in collateral. However, recoveries may
be subject to delays of up to several years, due to the long legal process in India. This leads to delay in enforcement and realization
of collateral. We may also take as security a pledge of financial assets, including marketable securities, and obtain corporate guarantees
and personal guarantees of sponsors wherever appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to sponsors’
shareholding in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding. Covenants involving
equity shares have top-up mechanisms based on price triggers. We maintain the non-performing assets on our books for as long as the enforcement
process is ongoing. Accordingly, a non-performing asset may continue for a long time in our portfolio until the settlement of a loan
account or realization of collateral, which may be longer than that for U.S. banks under similar circumstances. See also “Business—
Loan
portfolio—Collateral—Completion, Perfection and Enforcement
”.

Secured loans to
retail customers are secured by the assets financed (predominantly property and vehicles). We are entitled in terms of our security documents
to repossess security comprising assets such as plants, equipment and vehicles without reference to the courts or tribunals unless a
client makes a reference to such courts or tribunals to stay our actions. In respect of our retail loans, we adopt a standardized collection
process designed to ensure prompt action for follow-up on overdue loans and recovery of defaulted amounts.

Non-performing Loans

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the change in our gross (net of write-offs, interest suspense and derivatives income reversal)
non-performing loan portfolio
(1)
.

At March 31,
Particulars   2022   2023   2023
(in millions)
A. Consumer loans and credit card receivables (2)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   142,923   Rs.   113,271   US$   1,378
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   161,399   124,751   1,518
Less: Upgrade (3)   (80,544   )   (54,558   )   (664   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (48,103   )   (43,226   )   (526   )
Write-offs   (62,404   )   (37,697   )   (459   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   113,271   Rs.   102,541   US$   1,247
B. Commercial (4)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   284,106   Rs.   232,243   US$   2,826
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   41,815   67,050   816
Less: Upgrade (3)   (24,406   )   (36,192   )   (440   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (22,930   )   (43,914   )   (534   )
Write-offs   (46,342   )   (9,258   )   (113   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   232,243   Rs.   209,929   US$   2,555
C. Leasing and related activities
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   US$   —
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   —   —   —
Less: Upgrade (3)   —   —   —
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   —   —   —
Write-offs   —   —   —
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   US$   —
D. Total non-performing loans (A+B+C)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   427,029   Rs.   345,514   US$   4,204
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   203,214   191,801   2,334
Less: Upgrade (3)   (104,950   )   (90,750   )   (1,104   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (71,033   )   (87,140   )   (1,060   )
Write-offs   (108,746   )   (46,955   )   (572   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year (4)   Rs.   345,514   Rs.   312,470   US$   3,802

167

Table of Contents

 ____________________

(1)   Includes
                                            loans identified as impaired in accordance with guidelines issued by regulators of the respective
                                            subsidiaries.

(2)   Includes
                                            home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, two-wheeler loans, personal loans,
                                            credit card receivables, jewel loans, farm equipment loans and other rural loan
                                            products.

(3)   Represents
                                            accounts that were previously classified as non-performing but have been upgraded to performing.

(4)   Includes
                                            working capital finance.

Gross additions
to non-performing consumer loans decreased from Rs. 161.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 124.8 billion in fiscal 2023. In fiscal 2023,
we upgraded non-performing consumer loans of Rs. 54.6 billion as compared to Rs. 80.5 billion in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2023, we made
recoveries against non-performing consumer loans of Rs. 43.3 billion (fiscal 2022: Rs. 48.1 billion) and wrote off non-performing loans
amounting to Rs. 37.7 billion (fiscal 2022: Rs. 62.4 billion). Gross non-performing consumer loans decreased from Rs. 113.3 billion at
year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 102.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

The gross additions
to non-performing commercial loans increased from Rs. 41.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 67.1 billion in fiscal 2023. In fiscal 2023,
we upgraded non-performing commercial loans amounting to Rs. 36.2 billion as compared to Rs. 24.4 billion in fiscal 2022 and made recoveries
of non-performing commercial loans amounting to Rs. 43.9 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to Rs. 23.0 billion in fiscal 2022. In fiscal
2023, commercial loans amounting to Rs. 9.3 billion were written-off, as compared to Rs. 46.3 billion in fiscal 2022, based on a borrower-
specific evaluation of the probability of recovery and collectability of the loans. Gross non-performing commercial loans decreased from
Rs. 232.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 209.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

168

Table of Contents

As a result of
the above, our gross non-performing loans decreased by 9.6% from Rs. 345.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 312.5 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023. Our net non-performing loans decreased by 24.1% from Rs. 76.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 58.0 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023. The net non-performing loans ratio decreased from 0.8% at year-end fiscal 2022 to 0.5% at year-end fiscal 2023.

The total non-fund
based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing was Rs. 37.8 billion at March 31, 2023 as compared to Rs. 36.4 billion at
March 31, 2022.

Restructured Loans

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, information regarding roll-forward and average balances of standard restructured loans.

At March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Opening balance (gross restructured loans)   Rs.   38,776   Rs.   93,266   US$   1,135   140.5%
Add: Loans restructured during the year   81,546   766   9   (99.1   )
Add: Increase in loans outstanding in respect of previously restructured loans/borrowers   352   1,379   17   290.1
Less: Loans upgraded to standard category during the year   —   (3,956   )   (48   )   —
Less: Loans downgraded to non-performing category during the year   (14,379   )   (20,717   )   (252   )   44.1
Less: Repayments/change in management/conversion to equity shares during the year   (13,029   )   (18,224   )   (222   )   39.9
Gross restructured loans   Rs.   93,266   Rs.   52,514   US$   639   (43.7%   )
Provisions for restructured loans   (2,914   )   (1,779   )   (22   )   (39.0%   )
Net restructured loans   Rs.   90,352   Rs.   50,735   US$   617   (43.8%   )
Average balance of net restructured loans (1)   Rs.   80,793   Rs.   72,506   US$   882   (10.3%   )
Gross loans   Rs.   9,475,107   Rs.   11,094,954   US$   134,992   17.1%
Net loans   Rs.   9,203,081   Rs.   10,838,663   US$   131,873   17.8%
Gross restructured loans as a percentage of gross loans   1.0%   0.5%
Net restructured loans as a percentage of net loans   1.0%   0.5%

_________________

(1)   The
                                            average balance is the average of quarterly balances outstanding at the end of March of the
                                            previous year and June, September, December and March of the current year.

(2)   In
                                            addition, the Bank holds general provision amounting to Rs. 12,825 million at year-end
                                            fiscal 2023 (year-end fiscal 2022: Rs. 23,562 million) on these restructured loans, subject
                                            to minimum provisioning requirement as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

169

Table of Contents

In fiscal 2023,
we restructured loans of borrowers classified as standard, as well as made additional disbursements to borrowers whose loans had been
restructured in prior years, aggregating to Rs. 0.8 billion. Further, in fiscal 2023, restructured standard loans amounting to Rs. 20.7
billion were classified as non-performing due to failure of borrowers to perform as per restructured debt terms. The gross outstanding
standard restructured loans decreased from Rs. 93.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 52.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 and the
net outstanding restructured loans decreased from Rs. 90.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 50.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.
In addition, the Bank holds general provision amounting to Rs. 12.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 on these restructured loans, subject
to minimum provisioning requirement as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

ICICI Bank’s
outstanding non-fund based facilities to borrowers whose loans were classified as restructured were Rs. 3.3 billion at year-end fiscal
2023.

The aggregate gross
non-performing and standard restructured loans decreased by Rs. 73.8 billion, or 16.8%, from Rs. 438.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2022
to Rs. 365.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. The aggregate net non-performing and restructured loans decreased by Rs. 58.1 billion,
or 34.8%, from Rs. 166.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 108.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

The Reserve Bank
of India had issued guidelines permitting banks to refinance long-term project loans to infrastructure and other core industries at periodic
intervals without such refinancing being considered as restructuring. At year-end fiscal 2023, the loan amounting to Rs. 7.7 billion
(at year-end fiscal 2022: Rs. 8.9 billion) was classified as standard.

The Bank’s
Canadian subsidiary adopted International Financial Reporting Standards 9 (IFRS 9) – Financial instruments from April 1, 2018 and
measures impairment loss on all financial assets using expected credit loss model based on a three-stage approach. At March 31, 2023,
the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary classified exposure of Rs. 63.5 billion as Stage-2 (March 31, 2022: Rs. 14.0 billion) (financial
assets, that are not credit impaired, but which have experienced significant increase in credit risk since origination), with allowance
for expected credit loss of Rs. 0.9 billion (March 31, 2022: Rs. 0.8 billion) in fiscal 2023. The Stage-2 assets increased primarily
in the mortgage portfolio due to decline in bureau scores of borrowers.

Provisions and
contingencies (excluding provision for tax)

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the composition of provisions and contingencies, excluding provisions for tax.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Provision for investments (net)   Rs.   5,412   Rs.   13,917   US$   169   —
Provision for non-performing and other assets   63,775   (3,654   )   (44   )   N/M
Provision for standard assets   4,065   4,899   60   20.5%
Others (1)   16,514   54,237   660   —
Total provisions and contingencies (excluding provision for tax)   Rs.   89,766   Rs.   69,399   US$   845   (22.7)%

N/M –
    Not meaningful

(1)   Includes
                                            contingency provision amounting to Rs. 56.5 billion on a prudent basis for fiscal 2023.

170

Table of Contents

Provisions and
contingencies (excluding provision for tax) decreased by 22.7% from Rs. 89.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 69.4 billion in fiscal 2023
primarily due to a decrease in provision on non-performing and other assets, offset, in part, by an increase in other provisions and
contingencies.

Provision for non-performing
and other assets decreased from a provision of Rs. 63.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to a write-back of Rs. 3.7 billion in fiscal 2023. During
fiscal 2023, there were lower additions, higher recoveries and upgrades from non-performing assets resulting in net write-back of provision,
offset, in part, by an increase in provisioning rate for certain non-performing asset categories. During fiscal 2023, the Bank changed
its provisioning norms on non-performing assets to make them more conservative. In fiscal 2022, the provision for non-performing and
other assets also included provision for loans restructured under Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress. The provision coverage
ratio (i.e., specific provisions against non-performing loans as a percentage of gross non-performing loans) increased from 77.9% at
March 31, 2022 to 81.5 % at March 31, 2023.

Provision for investments
increased from a provision of Rs. 5.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 13.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in provision
on debentures, equity shares and security receipts.

Provision for standard
assets increased from Rs. 4.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 4.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in provision for
standard assets of ICICI Bank. Provision for standard assets of ICICI Bank increased from Rs. 4.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 5.8 billion
in fiscal 2023.

Other provisions
increased from Rs. 16.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 54.2 billion in fiscal 2023. Provision for non-fund outstanding of ICICI Bank decreased
from a provision of Rs. 11.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to a write-back of Rs. 5.2 billion in fiscal 2023. During fiscal 2023, the Bank made
a contingency provision amounting to Rs. 56.5 billion (fiscal 2022: write-back of Rs. 0.3 billion), on a prudent basis, to further strengthen
the balance sheet.

Provision for
Tax

The provision for
income tax expense increased from Rs. 84.6 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 117.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in
profit before tax and an increase in effective tax rate. The effective tax rate increased from 24.2% in fiscal 2022 to 25.0 % in fiscal
2023 primarily due to change in composition of income.

171

Table of Contents

Financial Position

Assets

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, the principal components of assets.

At March 31
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Cash and cash equivalents (1)   Rs.   1,831,260   Rs.   1,364,565   US$   16,602   (25.5   )%
Investments   5,670,977   6,395,520   77,814   12.8
Advances (net of provisions)   9,203,082   10,838,663   131,873   17.8
Fixed assets   106,054   109,690   1,335   3.4
Other assets   713,988   875,454   10,652   22.6
Goodwill on consolidation   1,013   1,013   12   —
Total assets   Rs.   17,526,374   Rs.   19,584,905   US$   238,288   11.7%

 _________________

(1)   Includes
                                            cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and short
                                            notice

Our total assets
increased by 11.7% from Rs. 17,526.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 19,584.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to
an increase in net advances and investments, offset, in part, by a decrease in cash and cash equivalents.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents
decreased by 25.5% from Rs. 1,831.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,364.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to a
decrease in short term lending to the Reserve Bank of India under liquidity adjustment facility and term money lent in foreign currency,
offset, in part, by an increase in standing deposit facility lending to the Reserve Bank of India and balances with Reserve Bank of India
to maintain cash reserve ratio.

Investments

Total investments
increased by 12.8% from Rs. 5,671.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 6,395.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

Investments of
ICICI Bank increased from Rs. 3,102.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 3,623.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to
an increase in investments in Indian government securities, bonds and debentures and pass through certificates, offset, in part, by a
decrease in investment in foreign government securities.

Investments of
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased from Rs. 2,337.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 2,426.6 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023. Investments held to cover linked liabilities decreased from Rs. 1,508.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,440.6 billion
at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily attributable to unrealised losses due to equity market performance and net outflows during the year
due to maturity/withdrawal of linked policies , offset, in part, by an increase in new linked policies. Investments, other than investments
held to cover linked liabilities, increased from Rs. 828.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 986.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023
primarily attributable to net inflows into the fund.

Investments of
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited increased from Rs. 158.6 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 247.8 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily
due to an increase in investments in Indian government securities.

Investments of
ICICI Bank UK PLC increased from Rs. 39.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 52.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to
an increase in investments in treasury bills and corporate bonds.

Investments of
ICICI Bank Canada decreased marginally from Rs. 35.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 34.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

Our total investment
in Indian government securities increased by 21.7 % from Rs. 3,255.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 3,960.6 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023.

172

Table of Contents

At year-end fiscal
2023, ICICI Bank had an outstanding net investment of Rs. 2.1 billion in security receipts issued by asset reconstruction companies as
compared to Rs. 8.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2022. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Investment
Banking—Treasury
”.

Classification
of investments

Held-to-maturity

The amortized
cost of our held-to-maturity portfolio increased from Rs. 2,777.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 3,418.1 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in investment in government securities and equity securities. Net unrealized gain on the held-to-maturity
portfolio decreased from Rs. 311.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 193.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. Interest earned on the
held-to-maturity debt portfolio increased from Rs. 165.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 204.4 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to
an increase in average portfolio and yield of government securities.

Available-for-sale

The amortized cost
of our available-for-sale portfolio increased from Rs. 1,065.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,131.1 billion at year-end fiscal
2023. The investment in government securities increased from Rs. 615.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 624.8 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023. The investments in corporate debt securities increased from Rs. 167.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 217.2 billion
at year-end fiscal 2023. Investments in other debt securities increased from Rs. 113.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 126.3 billion
at year-end fiscal 2023. Investments in equity shares decreased from Rs. 124.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 123.7 billion at
year-end fiscal 2023. At year-end fiscal 2023, equity shares classified as available for sale amounting to Rs. 75.9 billion were held
by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and Rs. 40.4 billion were held by ICICI Bank. Other investments (primarily include
mutual fund units, security receipts, venture fund units and preference shares) increased from Rs. 37.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2022
to Rs. 39.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

Net
unrealized gain on debt investments decreased from Rs. 5.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to a net unrealized loss of Rs. 0.9 billion
at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to net unrealized loss on corporate debt securities and government securities. Net unrealized gain
on equity securities increased from Rs. 50.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 53.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

Net unrealized
gain on other investments decreased from Rs. 0.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to a net unrealized loss of Rs. 1.0 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023 primarily due to decrease in unrealized gain of Rs. 0.4 billion on equity mutual fund investments and increase in unrealized
loss of Rs. 1.3 billion on security receipts.

Held-for-trading

Investments
in held-for-trading debt securities increased from Rs. 307.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 400.1 billion at year-end fiscal
2023 primarily due to an increase in investment in government securities, certificate of deposits, commercial paper and corporate bonds.
Net unrealized gain on the held-for-trading portfolio decreased from Rs. 1.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 0.1 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023 primarily due to a decrease in unrealized gain on the trading portfolio of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited in
fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022.

173

Table of Contents

Advances

Net advances increased
by 17.8% from Rs. 9,203.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 10,838.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase
in retail advances of ICICI Bank.

Net advances of
the Bank increased by 18.7% from Rs. 8,590.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 10,196.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. Net retail
advances of the Bank increased by 22.7% from Rs. 4,546.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 5,578.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.
Net advances of the Bank’s overseas branches decreased by 17.4% from Rs. 412.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 341.1 billion
at year-end fiscal 2023. See also “
Business – Loan Portfolio
”.

Net advances of
ICICI Home Finance increased by 20.6% from Rs. 142.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 171.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

Net advances of
ICICI Bank UK PLC decreased by 14.3% from Rs. 95.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 81.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily
due to prepayment and sell down of loans.

Net advances of
ICICI Bank Canada increased by 4.2% from Rs. 302.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 314.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily
due to increase in corporate loans, offset, in part, by decrease in insured mortgages.

Fixed and other assets

Fixed assets include
premises, furniture and fixtures, assets given on lease and other fixed assets. Fixed assets increased by 3.4% from Rs. 106.1 billion
at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 109.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

Other assets increased
from Rs. 714.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 875.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in mark-to-market
on foreign exchange and derivative transactions, interest accrued on loans and investments and trade receivables, offset, in part, by
a decrease in rural infrastructure development fund and other related deposits. The Bank is an active participant in the interest and
foreign exchange derivative market. While the positive mark-to-market on such transactions are accounted in ‘Other Assets’,
the negative mark-to-market on offsetting transactions are accounted in ‘Other Liabilities’.

Liabilities and
Stockholders’ Equity

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, the principal components of liabilities and stockholders’ equity.

At March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Deposits   Rs.   10,913,658   Rs.   12,108,322   US$   147,321   10.9%
Borrowings (1)   1,616,027   1,890,618   23,003   17.0
Other liabilities   3,116,355   3,374,120   41,053   8.3
Total liabilities   15,646,040   17,373,060   211,377   11.0
Minority interest   59,809   66,867   813   11.8
Capital   13,900   13,968   170   0.5
Reserves and surplus (2)   1,806,625   2,131,010   25,928   18.0
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   Rs.   17,526,374   Rs.   19,584,905   US$   238,288   11.7%

_________________

(1)   Includes
                                            subordinated debt.

(2)   Includes
                                            employees’ stock options outstanding.

174

Table of Contents

Our total liabilities
(including capital and reserves and surplus) increased by 11.7% from Rs. 17,526.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 19,584.9 billion
at year-end fiscal 2023, primarily due to an increase in deposits and borrowings.

Deposits

Deposits increased
by 10.9% from Rs. 10,913.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 12,108.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

Deposits of the
Bank increased by 10.9% from Rs. 10,645.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 11,808.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. Term deposits
increased by 17.1% from Rs. 5,461.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 6,395.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. Savings account deposits
increased by 5.5% from Rs. 3,599.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 3,797.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 and current account
deposits increased by 1.9% from Rs. 1,584.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,614.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. The current
account and savings account deposits increased by 4.4% from Rs. 5,184.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 5,412.6 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023. Deposits of overseas branches increased from Rs. 98.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 147.8 billion at year-end fiscal
2023. The total deposits of the Bank remained at a similar level at 90.8% of its funding (i.e., deposits and borrowings) at March 31,
2022 and March 31, 2023. See also
“Selected Statistical Information—Funding”.

Deposits of ICICI
Bank Canada increased from Rs. 172.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 193.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to an
increase in term and demand deposits.

Deposits of ICICI
Bank UK PLC increased from Rs. 116.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 132.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to an
increase in term deposits and exchange rate movements.

Average savings
account deposits increased by 12.3% from Rs. 3,108.9 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 3,492.0 billion in fiscal 2023. Average current account
deposits increased by 13.5% from Rs. 1,212.3 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,376.2 billion in fiscal 2023. Average current account and
savings account deposits increased by 12.7% from Rs. 4,321.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 4,868.2 billion in fiscal 2023. The average
current account and savings account ratio was at 44.6% at year-end fiscal 2023 as compared to 44.5% at year-end fiscal 2022. Average
current account and savings account deposits were 37.9% of the funding (i.e., deposits and borrowings) for fiscal 2023 as compared to
38.5% for fiscal 2022.

Borrowings

Borrowings increased
by 17.0% from Rs. 1,616.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,890.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

Borrowings of ICICI
Bank increased by 11.3% from Rs. 1,072.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,193.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023, primarily due
to an increase in refinance borrowings and bond borrowings, offset, in part, by a decrease in subordinated debt, foreign currency term
money borrowings and foreign currency bond borrowings. Net borrowings of overseas branches decreased from Rs. 319.2 billion at year-end
fiscal 2022 to Rs. 258.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

175

Table of Contents

Borrowings of ICICI
Securities Primary Dealership Company increased from Rs. 159.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 302.8 billion at year-end fiscal
2023 primarily due to an increase in repurchase borrowings.

Borrowings of ICICI
Home Finance Company increased from Rs. 126.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 147.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily
due to an increase in term, bond borrowing, fixed deposits and commercial papers, offset, in part, by prepayment of external commercial
borrowings.

Borrowings of ICICI
Securities Limited increased from Rs. 77.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 92.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due
to an increase in short-term borrowings.

Borrowings of ICICI
Bank UK PLC decreased from Rs. 25.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 10.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to maturity
of long-term borrowings.

Borrowings of ICICI
Bank Canada decreased from Rs. 148.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 140.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023, primarily due to reduction
in term money and securitized borrowings.

Other liabilities

Other liabilities
primarily consist of sundry creditors, bills payable and liabilities on insurance policies in force pertaining to our insurance subsidiary.
Other liabilities increased by 8.3% from Rs. 3,116.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 3,374.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.
Liabilities on policies in force of our life insurance business increased by 4.4% from Rs. 2,288.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to
Rs. 2,388.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. Other liabilities of the Bank increased by 20.8% from Rs. 689.8 billion at year-end fiscal
2022 to Rs. 833.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in mark-to-market on foreign exchange and derivative transactions
and contingency provision made on prudent basis, to further strengthen the balance sheet.

Capital and reserves
and surplus

Capital and reserves
and surplus increased from Rs. 1,820.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 2,145.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to
the annual accretion to reserves and surplus out of profit, offset, in part, by payment of dividend.

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

Please refer to
“
Consolidated financial Statements—Consolidated cash flow statements
”.

Cash and cash equivalents
decreased by 25.5% from Rs. 1,831.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,364.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

There was a net
cash outflow from operating activities of Rs. 37.7 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to a net cash inflow of Rs. 581.1 billion in fiscal
2022 primarily due to an increase in advances, other assets and lower increase in deposits in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022.

The net cash outflow
from investing activities increased from Rs. 393.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 680.1 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to higher
net purchase of held-to-maturity securities.

The net cash inflow
from financing activities increased from Rs. 174.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 247.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to a net
increase in proceeds in long-term borrowings, offset, in part, by net decrease in proceeds in short-term borrowings in fiscal 2023 as
compared to fiscal 2022.

176

Table of Contents

For a discussion
of our results in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 and certain comparative numbers in fiscal 2022, please refer to “Part I —
Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” contained in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal 2022 filed with the
U.S Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022.

Off Balance Sheet
Arrangements

Foreign Exchange
and Derivatives Contracts

We enter into foreign
exchange forwards, options, swaps and other derivatives products to enable customers to transfer, modify or reduce their foreign exchange
and interest rate risks and to manage our own interest rate and foreign exchange positions. These instruments are used to manage foreign
exchange and interest rate risk relating to specific groups of on-balance sheet assets and liabilities. For additional details, see also
note 13 to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes” included herein.

Guarantees

We have issued
bank guarantees to support business requirements of certain of our clients. Guarantees represent irrevocable assurances that the Bank
will pay in the event a customer fails to fulfill its financial or performance obligations. The guarantees are generally for a period
not exceeding 10 years. We enter into guarantee arrangements after conducting appropriate due diligence on our clients. We generally
review these facilities on an annual basis. If a client’s risk profile deteriorates to an unacceptable level, we may choose not
to renew the guarantee upon expiry or may require additional security sufficient to protect our exposure.

Upon default by
a client under the terms of the guarantee, the beneficiary may exercise its rights under the guarantees, and we are obligated to honor
payments to the beneficiaries. Banks and financial institutions are beneficiaries for some of our financial guarantees, so as to enable
clients to receive financial assistance from these banks and financial institutions. If our clients default on such loans, the banks
and financial institutions may exercise their rights under the guarantee and we are obligated to honor payments to them.

For additional
details, see also note 22(o) to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial
statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Commitments

Securitization

The Bank primarily
securitizes retail loans through securitization transactions involving special purpose entities, usually constituted as trusts. Post
securitization of the loans, we continue to act as the servicing agent and maintain customer account relationships and service these
set of loans transferred to the securitization trusts.

The Bank acts in
different capacities and under different contracts for a consideration including as originator, liquidity facility provider, servicing
agent credit enhancement provider, underwriter, and senior contributor. The Bank has provided credit enhancements (first loss and second
loss enhancement) on securitized pools originated by the Bank and guarantees (second loss enhancement) provided to the pools originated
by a third party.

177

Table of Contents

The total outstanding
first loss credit enhancements at year-end fiscal 2023 were Rs. 0.7 billion and second loss credit enhancements were Rs. 0.7 billion
for securitized pools originated by the Bank. With respect to the second loss guarantees provided to the third party originated pools,
the outstanding at year-end fiscal 2023 was Rs. 1.9 billion.

Loan Commitments

We have outstanding
undrawn commitments to provide loans and financing to customers. Further, the commitments have fixed expiration dates and are generally
contingent upon the borrower’s ability to maintain specific credit standards. For additional details, see also note 11 to our “Consolidated
financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Capital Commitments

We are obligated
under a number of capital contracts. Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature, which have been committed. For additional
details, see also note 12 to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial
statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Long-term
Debt Obligations

Long-term debt
represents debt with an original contractual maturity greater than one year. Maturity distribution is based on contractual maturity,
or the date at which the debt is callable at the option of the holder, whichever is earlier.

For additional
details, see also note 3 to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes” included herein.

Time Deposits

Time deposits represent
deposits with fixed maturity terms. Most of the time deposits can be withdrawn by the depositors any time before maturity, subject to
certain prepayment charges.

For additional
details, see also note 2 to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes” included herein.

Life Insurance
Obligations

Life insurance
obligations primarily include liabilities for life insurance policies, including both unit-linked and non-linked policies.

A unit-linked life
insurance policy is a policy in which the cash value of the policy varies according to the net asset value of units (i.e., shares) in
investment assets chosen by the policyholder. The unit liability is equal to the net asset value of the units in each policy as of the
valuation date. The non-unit liability for linked insurance policies and the liability for non-linked life insurance policies is calculated
using the gross premium method using assumptions for interest, mortality, expense and inflation. For participating policies, the assumptions
are also made for future bonuses, together with allowances for taxation and allocation of profits to shareholders. These assumptions
are determined as prudent estimates at the date of valuation with allowances for adverse deviations.

Total life insurance
obligation at year-end fiscal 2023 was amounting to Rs. 5,205.8 billion.

178

Table of Contents

Gratuity
Obligations

We provide gratuity,
a defined benefit retirement plan covering all employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service.
The plan provides a lump sum payment to eligible employees at retirement or termination of employment based on the respective employee’s
salary and years of employment with us.

For additional
details, see also note 22(j) to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial
statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Pension Obligations

The Bank provides
pensions—deferred retirement plans—covering certain employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan.
The plans provide for monthly pension payments to these employees when they retire and are based on the respective employees’ years
of service with the Bank and applicable salary and include a cost of living adjustment.

For additional
details, see also note 22(j) to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial
statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Operating
and Finance Lease Obligations

We have commitments
under long-term operating leases and finance leases principally for premises and office equipment.

For additional
details, see also note 22(k) to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial
statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Capital Resources

We actively manage
our capital to meet regulatory norms and current and future business needs, considering the risks in our businesses, expectations of
rating agencies, shareholders and investors, and the available options of raising capital. Our capital management framework is administered
by the Finance Group and the Risk Management Group under the supervision of the Board and the Risk Committee. The capital adequacy position
and assessment is reported to the Board and the Risk Committee periodically.

Regulatory Capital

ICICI Bank is subject
to the Basel III capital adequacy guidelines stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India effective from April 1, 2013, which was to begin
to be implemented in a phased manner by March 31, 2019 as per the transitional arrangement provided by the Reserve Bank of India. On
January 10, 2019, the Reserve Bank of India extended the transition period for implementing the last tranche of 0.625% under Capital
Conservation Buffer to March 31, 2020 and thereafter further extended to October 1, 2021.

The Basel III rules
on capital consist of measures on improving the quality, consistency and transparency of capital, enhancing risk coverage, introducing
a supplementary leverage ratio, reducing pro-cyclicality and promoting counter-cyclical buffers and addressing systemic risk and inter-connectedness.

179

Table of Contents

At year-end fiscal
2023, ICICI Bank was required to maintain a minimum Common Equity Tier-1 capital ratio of 8.20%, minimum Tier-1 capital ratio of 9.70%
and minimum total capital ratio of 11.70%. The minimum total capital requirement includes a capital conservation buffer of 2.50% and
a capital surcharge of 0.20% on account of the Bank being designated as a Domestic Systemically Important Bank. Under Pillar 1 of the
Reserve Bank of India guidelines on Basel III, the Bank follows the standardized approach for measurement of credit risk, the standardized
duration method for measurement of market risk and the basic indicator approach for measurement of operational risk.

Unconsolidated
capital adequacy position

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, regulatory capital, risk-weighted assets and risk-based capital ratios computed in accordance with
the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines and based on ICICI Bank’s unconsolidated financial statements prepared in
accordance with Indian GAAP.

As per the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines
At year-end fiscal 2022 (1)   2023 (1)   2023
(in millions, except percentages)
Tier 1 capital   Rs.   1,621,207   1,884,171   US$   22,925
Of which: Common equity Tier 1 capital   1,555,000   1,832,771   22,299
Tier 2 capital   71,923   78,652   957
Total capital   Rs.   1,693,130   1,962,823   US$   23,882
Credit risk: risk-weighted assets   Rs.   7,357,431   8,936,530   US$   108,730
Market risk: risk-weighted assets   550,360   688,087   8,372
Operational risk: risk-weighted assets   928,119   1,080,534   13,147
Total risk-weighted assets   Rs.   8,835,910   10,705,151   US$   130,249
Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   17.6%   17.1%
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   18.4%   17.6%
Tier 2 risk-based capital ratio   0.8%   0.7%
Total risk-based capital ratio   19.2%   18.3%

_________________

(1)   Post
                                            appropriation of proposed dividend

In fiscal 2023,
capital funds (net of deductions) increased by Rs. 269.7 billion from Rs. 1,693.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1,962.8 billion
at year-end fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in retained earnings.

Risk-weighted assets
relating to credit risk increased by Rs. 1,579.1 billion from Rs. 7,357.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 8,936.5 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase of Rs. 1,319.6 billion in risk-weighted assets for on-balance sheet assets and an increase of
Rs. 259.5 billion in risk-weighted assets for off-balance sheet exposures. On-balance sheet risk-weighted assets increased primarily
due to growth in advances during the year and off-balance sheet risk-weighted assets increased primarily due to an increase in non-fund
exposures.

Risk-weighted assets
relating to market risk increased by Rs. 137.7 billion from Rs. 550.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2022 to Rs. 688.1 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in investments in Government securities and notional amount of interest rate swaps and forward
rate agreements during the year.

Risk-weighted assets
relating to operational risk increased by Rs. 152.4 billion from Rs. 928.1 billion at March 31, 2022 to Rs. 1,080.5 billion at March
31, 2023. The operational risk capital charge is computed based on 15% of the average of the previous three financial years’ gross
income and is revised on an annual basis at June 30. Risk-weighted assets are arrived at by multiplying the capital charge by 12.5.

180

Table of Contents

Consolidated
capital adequacy position

Consolidation for
regulatory capital calculations is based on the consolidated financial statements of ICICI Bank and its subsidiaries, in line with the
standards on consolidated prudential reporting issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The entities considered for consolidation for regulatory
capital calculations include subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the Bank, which carry on activities of a banking or of a
financial nature as stated in the reporting guidelines prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. Entities engaged in the insurance business
and businesses not pertaining to financial services are excluded from consolidation for capital adequacy calculation. As per Basel III
guidelines stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, equity and other regulatory capital investments in the unconsolidated insurance and
non-financial subsidiaries are deducted from consolidated regulatory capital of the group.

At year-end fiscal
2023, our total risk-based capital ratios at the consolidated level as per Basel III guidelines stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India
were common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 16.88%, Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 17.33% and total risk-based capital
ratio of 18.09% against the current requirement of minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.20%, a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio
of 9.70% and a minimum total capital ratio of 11.70% respectively.

Internal
assessment of capital

Our capital management
framework includes a comprehensive internal capital adequacy assessment process conducted annually which determines the adequate level
of capitalization required to meet regulatory norms and current and future business needs. Adequate stress testing, as determined by
several stress scenarios, is also done. The internal capital adequacy assessment process is undertaken at both the stand alone bank level
and the consolidated group level. The internal capital adequacy assessment process encompasses capital planning for a four-year time
horizon, assessment of material risks and the relationship between risk and capital.

The capital management
framework is complemented by our risk management framework, which covers the policies, processes, methodologies and frameworks established
for the management of material risks. Stress testing, which is a key aspect of the internal capital adequacy assessment process and the
risk management framework, provides an insight into the impact of extreme but plausible scenarios on the risk profile and capital position.
Based on our Board-approved stress testing framework, we conduct stress tests on our various portfolios and assess the impact on our
capital ratios and the adequacy of our capital buffers for current and future periods. We periodically assess and refine our stress testing
framework in an effort to ensure that the stress scenarios capture material risks as well as reflect possible extreme market moves that
could arise as a result of market conditions and the operating environment. The business and capital plans and the stress testing results
of the ICICI Bank entities are integrated into the internal capital adequacy assessment process.

Based on the internal
capital adequacy assessment process, we determine the level of capital that needs to be maintained by considering the following in an
integrated manner:

·   strategic
                                            focus, business plan and growth objectives;

·   regulatory
                                            capital requirements as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines;

·   assessment
                                            of material risks and impact of stress testing;

·   perception
                                            of shareholders and investors;

·   future
                                            strategy with regard to investments or divestments in subsidiaries; and

181

Table of Contents

·   evaluation
                                            of options to raise capital from domestic and overseas markets, as permitted by the Reserve
                                            Bank of India from time to time.

We continue to
monitor relevant developments and believe that our current robust capital adequacy position and demonstrated track record of access to
domestic and overseas markets for capital raising will enable us to maintain the necessary levels of capital as required by regulations
while continuing to grow our business.

Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk
is the current and prospective risk arising out of an inability to meet financial commitments as they fall due, through available cash
flows or through the sale of assets at fair market value. It includes both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding an
asset portfolio at appropriate maturities and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner at a reasonable price.
We actively monitor our liquidity position and attempt to maintain adequate liquidity at all times. Most of our incremental funding requirements
are met through short-term funding sources, primarily in the form of deposits including inter-bank deposits. However, a large portion
of our assets, primarily the corporate and home loan portfolio, have medium or long-term maturities, creating a potential for funding
mismatches.

The Bank seeks
to establish a continuous information flow and an active dialogue between the funding and borrowing divisions of the Bank to enable optimal
liquidity management. A separate group is responsible for liquidity management. ICICI Bank is required to submit gap reports in rupee
and other major currencies for domestic operations on a fortnightly basis to the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank prepares a daily maturity
gap analysis for the overseas operations and rupee book for the domestic operations. Our static gap analysis is also supplemented by
a short-term dynamic cash-flow analysis, in order to provide the liability raising units with a fair estimate of our funding requirements
in the near-term. In addition, the Bank monitor certain liquidity ratios on a fortnightly basis. ICICI Bank also monitors its liquidity
coverage ratio on a daily basis. ICICI Bank has a liquidity contingency plan in place, through which the Bank monitors key indicators
that could signal potential liquidity challenges, to enable us to take necessary measures to ensure sufficient liquidity.

Sources of
Funding and Liquidity

The Bank maintains
diverse sources of liquidity to facilitate flexibility in meeting funding requirements. Incremental operations in India are principally
funded by accepting deposits from retail and corporate depositors. These deposits are augmented by issuance of Certificate of Deposits,
borrowings in the short-term inter-bank market, through refinance agencies and through the issuance of bonds. The Bank also has recourse
to the liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility, which are short-term funding arrangements provided by the Reserve
Bank of India. The Bank generally maintains a substantial portfolio of high quality liquid securities that may be sold on an immediate
basis to meet our liquidity needs. ICICI Bank also has the option of managing liquidity by borrowing in the inter-bank market on a short-term
basis. The overnight market, which is a significant part of the inter-bank market, is susceptible to volatile interest rates. These interest
rates on certain occasions have reached highs of 100.0% and above. To curtail reliance on such volatile funding, our Asset Liability
Management policy has stipulated daily limits for borrowing and lending in this market. ICICI Securities Primary Dealership, also, relies
on the repo market and inter-bank market for its funding requirements. It is therefore also exposed to similar risk of volatile interest
rates. However, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership being a primary dealer, also has access to standing liquidity facility and term liquidity
adjustment facility from the Reserve Bank of India.

182

Table of Contents

Our gross liquid
assets consist of cash, nostro balances, overnight and other short-term money market placements, government bonds and treasury bills
(including investments eligible for reserve requirements and net of borrowings on account of repurchase agreements, the liquidity adjustment
facility and the marginal standing facility), corporate bonds (rated AA and above), other money market investments such as commercial
papers and certificates of deposits and mutual fund investments. The Bank deducts short-term money-market borrowings (borrowings with
contractual maturity up to 30 days) from the aggregate of these assets to determine net liquid assets.

The Bank maintains
a significant portion of our demand and time liabilities in forms required pursuant to regulatory reserve requirements laid down by the
Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India stipulates a cash reserve ratio applicable to Indian banks, which requires us to maintain
an average percentage of our demand and time liabilities as a cash balance deposited with the Reserve Bank of India over 14-day period.
At year-end fiscal 2023, the cash reserve ratio requirement percentage specified by the Reserve Bank of India was 4.5% of a bank’s
net demand and time liabilities. In addition, cash reserves may not fall below 90% of the required cash reserve ratio on any day during
any 14-day reporting period.

The Reserve Bank
of India also stipulates a statutory liquidity ratio applicable to Indian banks, which requires us to maintain a certain percentage of
demand and time liabilities in prescribed investments. At year-end fiscal 2023, the statutory liquidity ratio requirement percentage
was 18.0%. Banks are permitted to avail liquidity facility against eligible securities under a special facility under the ‘Facility
to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio’. Further, banks can borrow funds at their discretion by dipping into their statutory
liquidity ratio to the extent allowed under the marginal standing facility. As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the carve-out
from statutory liquidity ratio under facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio was 15.0% of net demand and time liabilities
at year-end fiscal 2022 which was further increased to 16.0% of net demand and time liabilities from April 18, 2022. For marginal standing
facility, it is 2.0% of net demand and time liabilities.

The Reserve Bank
of India has issued guidelines on the Basel III framework on liquidity standards including the liquidity coverage ratio, liquidity risk
monitoring tools and liquidity coverage ratio disclosure standards. As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the liquidity coverage
ratio has been made applicable to Indian banks on a standalone as well as consolidated basis with a minimum requirement of 100.0% at
year-end fiscal 2023. The liquidity coverage ratio disclosure for the three months ended March 31, 2023, is based on a simple average
of daily observations. The liquidity coverage ratio of the Group, for the three months ended March 31, 2023 was 121.8%.

The Reserve Bank
of India has issued guidelines on the Basel III framework on liquidity standards – net stable funding ratio. These guidelines ensure
reduction in funding risk over a longer time horizon by requiring banks to fund their activities with sufficiently stable sources of
funding in order to mitigate the risk of future funding stress. As per the guidelines, the net stable funding ratio should be equal to
at least 100% on an ongoing basis. The net stable funding ratio of the Group, at the year-end fiscal 2023 was 126.9%.

The Bank maintain
liquid assets in addition to statutory liquidity ratio and cash reserve ratio requirements. Throughout fiscal 2023, the Bank maintained
adequate reserves as per the regulatory requirements mentioned above.

183

Table of Contents

The following table
sets forth the components of the 	ICICI Bank’s average and balance sheet date liquid assets.

At March 31, 2022   Fortnightly average for fiscal 2023   At March 31, 2023
(in billions)
Statutory liquidity ratio eligible investments and other government securities, net of borrowings on account of repurchase agreement, liquidity adjustment facility and collateralized borrowings   Rs.   2,671.2   Rs.   2,771.7   Rs.   3,105.5
Balance with central banks and current accounts with other banks   832.9   906.1   883.8
Other liquid assets   935.7   404.1   593.6
Gross liquid assets   4,439.8   4,081.9   4,582.9
(Less) Short-term borrowings   —   0.7   10
Net liquid assets   Rs.   4,439.8   Rs.   4,081.2   Rs.   4,572.9

ICICI Bank held
net liquid assets totaling to Rs. 4572.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023, compared to Rs. 4,439.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2022. In
fiscal 2023, the Bank held fortnightly average net liquid assets of Rs. 4,081.1 billion. In addition to the amounts included in net liquid
assets above, at year-end fiscal 2023, the Bank also held other fixed income non-government securities totaling to Rs. 4.4 billion compared
to Rs. 12.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2022.

In compliance with
local regulations, some overseas branches of the Bank are required to maintain a ‘net due’ position with other group entities
(i.e., those branches need to be a net borrower above a specified amount or they cannot be a net lender beyond a specified amount). Accordingly,
surplus liquidity maintained at those branches can be utilized at other group entities only to the extent of buffer available in the
‘net due’ position. At year-end fiscal 2023, such overseas branches of the Bank held net liquid assets of Rs. 276.9 billion
(equivalent), which are included in our overall net liquid assets of the Bank of Rs. 4,572.9 billion.

ICICI Bank also
has access to other reliable sources of liquidity. The Reserve Bank of India conducts repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions
with banks through its liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility to carry out monetary policy and manage liquidity
for the Indian banking system. The Reserve Bank of India stipulates an interest rate applicable to fixed rate repurchase, fixed rate
reverse repurchase agreements and marginal standing facility, known as the repo rate, reverse repo rate and marginal standing facility
rate respectively. In addition, Reserve Bank of India also conducts variable rate repurchase or reverse repurchase auctions, rates for
which are arrived through competitive bidding. On April 8, 2022, the Reserve Bank of India operationalized a new standing deposit facility,
which replaced the fixed rate reverse repo as the floor of the liquidity adjustment facility corridor at 25 basis points below the policy
repo rate. At year-end fiscal 2023, the Reserve Bank of India repo rate, fixed rate reverse repo rate, standing deposit facility and
marginal standing facility rate were 6.5%, 3.35%, 6.25% and 6.75% respectively. The liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing
facility are available throughout the year. At year-end fiscal 2023, under the marginal standing facility, in addition to the eligible
securities a bank holds in excess of the statutory requirement, the banks could borrow overnight up to 2.0% of their net demand and time
liabilities outstanding at the end of the second preceding 14-day period. Further, there is a liquid market for repurchase transactions
with other market counterparties. Banks may enter into repurchase transactions with the Reserve Bank of India or other market counterparties
against the statutory liquidity ratio eligible securities that hold in excess of the statutory requirement.

At year-end fiscal
2023, ICICI Bank had government securities amounting to Rs. 1,175.7 billion eligible for borrowings through the liquidity adjustment
facility and marginal standing facility from the Reserve Bank of India.

184

Table of Contents

The loan portfolio
at the Bank’s overseas branches as a proportion of the total portfolio has declined from 4.8% at year-end fiscal 2022 to 3.3% at
year-end fiscal 2023. ICICI Bank has a well-defined borrowing program for the overseas operations. The incremental wholesale borrowings
are primarily in the form of inter-bank and money market borrowings. The Bank also raises refinancing from other banks against eligible
trade assets. Those loans that meet the Export Credit Agencies’ criteria are refinanced as per the agreements entered into with
these agencies. The Bank also mobilizes deposit liabilities, in accordance with the regulatory framework at the host country.

ICICI Bank has
the ability to use its rupee liquidity in India to meet refinancing needs at its overseas branches, although this may be at a relatively
high cost based on swap and exchange rates prevailing at the time of such refinancing. The terms of the Bank’s bond issuances and
loans from other financial institutions and export credit agencies contain cross-default clauses, restrictions on its ability to merge
or amalgamate with another entity and restrictions on the Bank’s ability to prematurely redeem or repay such bonds or loans. The
terms of the Bank’s subordinated debt issuances eligible for inclusion in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital include the suspension of interest
payments in the event of losses or capital deficiencies, and a prohibition on redemption, even at maturity or on specified call option
dates, without the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank is currently not, and does not expect to be, in breach of any
material covenants of the Bank’s borrowings that would be construed as events of default under the terms of such borrowings.

The successful
management of credit, market and operational risk is an important consideration in managing the liquidity because it affects the evaluation
of our credit ratings by rating agencies. Rating agencies may reduce or indicate their intention to reduce the ratings at any time.

Rating agencies
can also decide to withdraw their ratings of the Bank, which may have the same effect as a reduction in our ratings. Any reduction in
our ratings (or withdrawal of ratings) may increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to capital markets and adversely affect our
ability to sell or market our products, engage in business transactions (particularly longer-term transactions) and derivatives transactions,
or retain our customers. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Any
downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt by an international rating agency
could adversely affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.
”

In respect of the
Bank’s domestic operations, ICICI Bank may enter into collateralized borrowings in the form of repurchase transactions with the
Reserve Bank of India or through Clearing Corporation of India Limited, a centralized clearing counterparty or with the market counterparties,
against the statutory liquidity ratio eligible securities to meet expected and unexpected borrowings requirements. In general, the market
value of collateral given for any such loan is higher than the value of the loan, the difference being referred to as a haircut. The
Reserve Bank of India has stipulated the haircut for all such securities for borrowings from itself. In case of borrowings from products
settled through Clearing Corporation of India Limited, members of Clearing Corporation of India Limited’s repo segment are required
to maintain margin contributions in relation to their borrowing/lending obligation at any point of time, which acts as a cushion against
any fall in the value of the underlying collateral.

Further, the Bank
is also a member in the triparty repo segment and it may enter into collateralized borrowings in the form of repurchase transactions
on the Triparty Repo Order Matching Platform provided by Clearcorp Dealing Systems (India) Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Clearing
Corporation of India Limited. Clearing Corporation of India Limited also performs the roles and responsibilities of a Triparty Repo Agent,
in terms of Repurchase transactions (Repo) (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2018 as amended from time to time. The triparty repo agent has
stipulated the haircuts for the eligible securities for borrowing through its platform and the market value of collateral required for
any such loan is higher than the value of the loan.

185

Table of Contents

The Bank holds
sufficient securities in our account to meet additional collateral requirements if required and systems and processes are in place to
ensure sufficient balance in our Principal-Securities General Ledger account, Repo Constituent - Securities General Ledger account, Clearing
Corporation of India Limited Securities Guarantee Fund and Tri-party repo margin account, resulting in smooth settlement of transactions.

Further, in case
of any emergency requirement, additional securities may be transferred to our Securities Guarantee Fund/collateralized borrowing and
lending obligations margin account on a T+0 basis. In case of corporate bond repo, the value of the securities is computed after applying
the minimum haircut as stipulated by the clearing house or bilaterally agreed upon by counterparties depending upon the credit rating
of the underlying security. The Bank also deals with central counterparties for settlement of government securities outright and repo
transactions, foreign exchange transactions, interest rate and currency derivatives for which it needs to contribute towards margin obligations.
The Bank may be required to post additional collateral in case of downgrade in the external credit rating of the Bank under letter of
credit, stand-by letter of credit, bank guarantee and unfunded risk participation agreements.

In respect of overseas
branch operations, generally, the collateral requirements are applicable for transactions which are cleared through clearing houses,
bilateral transactions executed under International Swaps and Derivatives Asoociation Credit Support Annex and International Swaps and
Derivatives Asoociation Global Master Repo Agreement. The Asset Liability Management Committee has approved a framework for accepting
covenants, linked to a credit rating downgrade of the Bank and a breach in thresholds of certain financial covenants as a part of borrowing
agreements. A stress scenario has been formulated, which is linked to potential outflows due to a breach of rating downgrade covenants.

Off-balance sheet
items including funding commitments impact the liquidity of the Bank. The Bank analyzes the behavioral profile of various components
of the off-balance sheet items. The behavioral analysis includes potential cash flows from off-balance sheet activities, such as draw
down under loan commitments, contingent liabilities and market related transactions. The impact of the same is considered by us in various
liquidity risk reports.

In view of the
margin rules for non-centrally cleared derivative transactions issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and discussion paper
issued by the Reserve Bank of India, derivative transactions are subject to margin-reset and consequent collateral exchange is governed
by the Credit Support Annex. The Bank has entered into a Credit Support Annex, which would require maintenance of collateral. The Bank
considers the increased liquidity requirement on account of valuation changes in the transactions settled through qualified central counterparties
including the clearing corporation of India and other exchange houses as well as for transactions covered under the Credit Support Annex.
The potential outflows on account of such transactions have been considered based on the look-back approach prescribed in the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines.

Volatility in the
international debt markets may constrain our international borrowings. As of March 31, 2023, the Bank did not have any borrowing linked
to credit downgrade covenants which would require the Bank to pay an increased interest rate on the borrowing.

There are restrictions
on the use of liquidity maintained by the UK and Canada subsidiaries of the Bank to meet their overall liquidity needs. The Office of
the Superintendent of Financial Institutions of Canada has prescribed a limit of 100% of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital (as defined under
Canadian regulations) on the credit exposure to any single entity or a group of connected entities. ICICI Bank Canada has internally
capped this credit exposure at CAD 150 million (37.9% of the limit specified by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions,
except with respect to exposure to the ICICI Bank). The limit of CAD 150 million can be increased to a maximum of 75% of capital depending
on the credit quality of the Group or Connection. In fiscal 2023, ICICI Bank Canada has complied with both regulatory and their internal
limits on exposures to any single entity, including to ICICI Bank.

186

Table of Contents

As per the Capital
Requirements Regulation guidelines applicable for ICICI Bank UK PLC, a bank shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the
effect of the credit risk mitigation, to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25% of its Tier 1 capital.
Where that client is an institution or where a group of connected clients includes one or more institutions, that value shall not exceed
25% of the bank’s Tier 1 capital or GBP 130 million, whichever the higher. ICICI Bank UK PLC has a total capital base of US$ 372
million at year-end fiscal 2023 which was higher than the regulatory requirement. Additionally, ICICI Bank UK PLC stipulates various
internal limits to manage exposure concentrations within the Bank. The key parameters of risk concentrations measured include sectoral,
country, rating category based, counterparty and large exposures.

Capital Expenditure

The following tables
set forth, for the periods indicated, certain information related to capital expenditure by category of fixed assets.

Fiscal 2021
Cost at year-end fiscal 2021   Additions/transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2021
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   94,290   Rs.   1,891 (1)   Rs.   (399   )   Rs.   (21,855   )   Rs   73,927   US$   899
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   85,815   15,087   (3,764   )   (66,259   )   30,878   376
Assets given on lease   17,054   681   —   (14,448   )   3,287   40
Total   Rs.   197,159   Rs.   17,659   Rs.   (4,163   )   Rs.   (102,562   )   Rs.   108,093   US$   1,315

(1)       Includes
gain on revaluation recorded through reserve of Rs. 500 million.

Fiscal 2022
(in millions)
Cost at year-end fiscal 2022   Additions/transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2022
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   95,782   Rs.   3,335 (1)   Rs.   (4,771   )   Rs.   (23,514   )   Rs.   70,832   US$   862
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   97,137   15,252   (13,605   )   (66,817   )   31,968   389
Assets given on lease   17,735   156   —   (14,636   )   3,255   40
Total   Rs.   210,654   Rs.   18,743   Rs.   (18,376   )   Rs.   (104,967   )   Rs.   106,055   US$   1,290

 ______________

(1)   Includes gain on revaluation recorded
                                            through reserve of Rs. 1,743 million.

187

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2023
Cost at year-end fiscal 2023   Additions/ transfers/revaluations   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2023
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   94,346   Rs.   2,793 (1)   Rs.   (2,799   )   Rs.   (25,545   )   Rs.   68,795   US$   837
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   98,785   18,437   (6,220   )   (73,174   )   37,828   460
Assets given on lease   17,891   12   —   (14,836   )   3,067   37
Total   Rs.   211,022   Rs.   21,242   Rs.   (9,019   )   Rs.   (113,555   )   Rs.   109,690   US$   1,334

(1)   Includes gain on revaluation recorded through
                                            reserve of Rs. 812 million.

Significant Changes

Except as otherwise
stated in this annual report, we have experienced no significant changes since the date of fiscal 2023 consolidated financial statements
contained in this annual report.

Segment Revenues and Assets

The Reserve Bank
of India in its guidelines on “segmental reporting” has stipulated specified business segments and their definitions, for
the purposes of public disclosures on business information for banks in India.

The consolidated
segmental report for fiscal 2023, based on the segments identified and defined by the Reserve Bank of India, has been presented as follows:

·   Retail
                                            Banking includes our exposures which satisfy the four qualifying criteria of “regulatory
                                            retail portfolio” as stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines.
                                            These criteria are as follows:

(i)   Orientation criterion: The exposure
                                            is to an individual person or persons or to a small business; person under this clause would
                                            mean any legal person capable of entering into contracts and would include but not be restricted
                                            to an individual, Hindu Undivided Family, partnership firm, trust, private limited companies,
                                            public limited companies, or co-operative societies. A small business is defined as one where
                                            the three-year average annual turnover is less than Rs. 500 million.

(ii)   Product criterion: All exposures should
                                            take the form of any of the following:

·   revolving
                                            credits and lines of credit (including overdrafts);

·   term
                                            loans and leases (e.g. installment loans and leases, student and educational loans); and

·   small
                                            business facilities and commitments.

(iii)   Low value of individual exposures:
                                            The maximum aggregate retail exposure to one counterparty should not exceed the absolute
                                            threshold limit of Rs. 75 million.

(iv)   Granularity criterion: The regulatory
                                            retail portfolio should be sufficiently diversified to a degree that reduces the risks in
                                            the portfolio. The aggregate exposure to one counterparty should not exceed 0.2% of the overall
                                            retail portfolio.

188

Table of Contents

·   Wholesale
                                            Banking includes all advances to trusts, partnership firms, companies and statutory bodies
                                            by the Bank which are not included in the Retail Banking segment, as per the Reserve Bank
                                            of India guidelines for the Bank.

·   Treasury includes the entire investment and derivative portfolio of the Bank and ICICI Strategic
                                            Investments Fund.

·   Other
                                            Banking includes leasing operations and other items not attributable to any particular
                                            business segment of the Bank. It also includes the Bank’s banking subsidiaries, i.e.,
                                            ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank Canada.

·   Life
                                            Insurance represents results of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

·   Others include ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, ICICI Venture, ICICI International Limited,
                                            ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Holdings
                                            Inc., ICICI Securities Inc., ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Prudential
                                            Trust Limited, ICICI Investment Management Company Limited, ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited
                                            and ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited.

·   Unallocated includes items such as income tax paid in advance net of provision for tax, deferred
                                            tax and provisions to the extent reckoned at entity level.

Framework for Transfer Pricing

Liabilities
of retail banking and wholesale banking segments are transfer priced to a central treasury unit, which pools all funds and lends to the
business units at appropriate rates based on the relevant maturity of assets being funded after adjusting for regulatory reserve requirements
and specific charge on account of directed lending to certain sectors categorized as priority sector. Current account and savings account
deposits are transfer priced at rates, linked to interest rate on savings account deposits. For term deposits and borrowings, the transfer
pricing is primarily based on the categories specified in the Transfer Pricing Policy. Transfer pricing to our asset creation units is
based on the incremental cost of deposits (blended for current account and savings account deposits) and borrowings adjusted for the
maturity of the asset (term premium) and regulatory reserve requirements. The allocated capital is also considered as a source of funding
for the purpose of segmental reporting.

Fiscal 2023 compared
with Fiscal 2022

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, profit before tax of various segments.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail Banking   Rs.   114,004   Rs.   175,337   US$   2,134   53.8%
Wholesale Banking   90,529   157,858   1,921   74.4
Treasury   96,745   140,372   1,709   45.1
Other Banking   6,271   10,014   122   59.7
Life Insurance   7,906   8,969   109   13.4
Others   43,500   42,024   511   (3.4   )
Inter-Segment adjustments   (16,792   )   (15,509   )   (189   )   (7.6   )
Share of profit from associates (1)   7,544   9,983   121   32.3
Unallocated expenses   250   (56,500   )   (687   )   N/M
Profit before tax   Rs.   349,957   Rs.   472,548   US$   5,751   35.0%

N/M
– Not meaningful

1.   Effective April 1, 2021, ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased be a subsidiary of the Bank and was accounted as an equity affiliate under Accounting
Standard – 23 – “Accounting for Investments in Associates” in consolidated financial statements.

189

Table of Contents

Retail Banking

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   259,120   Rs.   317,100   US$   3,858   22.4%
Other income   104,298   121,877   1,483   16.9
Total income   363,418   438,977   5,341   20.8
Operating expenses   194,668   240,344   2,924   23.5
Profit before provisions   168,750   198,633   2,417   17.7
Provisions   54,746   23,296   283   (57.4)
Profit before tax   Rs.   114,004   Rs.   175,337   US$   2,134   53.8%

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   4,704,559   Rs.   5,765,239   US$   70,145   22.5%
Deposits   7,616,264   8,587,318   104,481   12.7

The profit before
tax of the retail banking segment increased by 53.8% from Rs. 114.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 175.3 billion in fiscal 2023, primarily
due to an increase in net interest income, non-interest income and a decrease in provisions, offset, in part, by an increase in operating
expenses.

Net interest income
increased by 22.4% from Rs. 259.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 317.1 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to growth in the average loan
portfolio and an increase in yield.

Other income increased
by 16.9% from Rs. 104.3 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 121.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in fees from credit card
portfolio and lending linked fees.

Operating expenses
increased by 23.5% from Rs. 194.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 240.3 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in employee
expenses, direct marketing agency expenses, advertisement and sales promotion expenses and technology related expenses.

190

Table of Contents

Provisions (net
of write-back) decreased from Rs. 54.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 23.3 billion in fiscal 2023. During fiscal 2023, there were higher
recoveries and upgrades from non-performing assets resulting in lower provisioning requirement. During fiscal 2022, the provision for
non-performing and other assets also included provision on loans restructured under ‘Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related
Stress’ guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
Business – Risk management – Credit risk
– Assessment of Retail Loans.”

Wholesale
Banking

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   126,158   Rs.   150,003   US$   1,825   18.9%
Other income   47,578   55,492   675   16.6
Total income   173,736   205,495   2,500   18.3
Operating expenses   55,357   67,489   821   21.9
Profit before provisions   118,379   138,006   1,679   16.6
Provisions   27,850   (19,852   )   (242   )   N/M
Profit before tax   Rs.   90,529   Rs.   157,858   US$   1,921   74.4%

N/M – Not meaningful

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   3,928,994   Rs.   4,146,135   US$   50,446   5.5%
Deposits   3,022,194   3,209,497   39,050   6.2

The profit before
tax of the wholesale banking segment increased by 74.4% from Rs. 90.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 157.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily
due to an increase in net interest income, non-interest income and a decrease in provisions, offset, in part, by an increase in operating
expenses.

Net interest income
increased by 18.9% from Rs. 126.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 150.0 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to a growth in average loan
portfolio and increase in yield.

Other income increased
by 16.6% from Rs. 47.6 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 55.5 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in income from lending
linked fees and income from foreign exchange and derivative transactions.

Operating expenses
increased by 21.9% from Rs 55.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 67.5 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in employee expenses
and technology related expenses.

There was a write-back
of provision of Rs. 19.9 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to a provision of Rs. 27.9 billion in fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2023, there
were higher recoveries and upgrades from non-performing assets resulting in net write-back of provision, offset, in part, by an increase
in provisioning rate for certain non-performing asset categories. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Other
Income—Provisions and contingencies (excluding provision for tax)”.

191

Table of Contents

Treasury

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   84,890   Rs.   147,901   US$   1,800   74.2%
Other income   38,177   26,516   323   (30.5   )
Total income   123,067   174,417   2,123   41.7
Operating expenses   15,370   17,905   218   16.5
Profit before provisions   107,697   156,512   1,905   45.3
Share of profit from associates   7,544   9,983   121   —
Provisions   3,408   6,157   75   80.7
Profit before tax   Rs.   96,745   Rs.   140,372   US$   1,709   45.1%

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the closing balances of key assets and liabilities.

Closing balance at March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   3,140,040   Rs.   3,667,972   US$   44,628   16.8%
Borrowings   1,072,314   1,193,255   14,518   11.3

Our treasury operations
include the maintenance and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign
exchange and derivatives products and services, such as forward contracts, swaps and options.

The profit before
tax of the treasury segment increased by 45.1% from Rs. 96.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 140.4 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due
to an increase in net interest income, offset, in part, by a decrease in non-interest income and an increase in provisions and operating
expenses.

Net interest income
increased by 74.2% from Rs. 84.9 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 147.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in average investment
portfolio and increase in yields.

Other income decreased
by 30.5% from Rs. 38.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 26.5 billion in fiscal 2023. The dividend from subsidiaries/joint ventures was Rs.
17.8 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to Rs. 18.3 billion in fiscal 2022. There was a realised/unrealised loss of Rs. 0.5 billion from
treasury portfolio in fiscal 2023 as compared to a realised/unrealised gain of Rs. 9.0 billion in fiscal 2022.

Operating expenses
increased by 16.5% from Rs. 15.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 17.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in premium paid
towards purchase of priority sector lending certificates.

Provisions on investments
increased from Rs. 3.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 6.2 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to provision on debentures, equity shares
and security receipts.

192

Table of Contents

Other Banking

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   10,316   Rs.   15,793   US$   192   53.1%
Other income   3,418   4,240   52   24.0
Total income   13,734   20,033   244   45.9
Operating expenses   7,245   8,899   108   22.8
Profit before provisions   6,489   11,134   136   71.6
Provisions   218   1,120   14   —
Profit before tax   Rs.   6,271   Rs.   10,014   US$   122   59.7%

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the outstanding balances of the key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   553,824   Rs.   681,405   US$   8,291   23.0%
Investments   75,292   86,751   1,055   15.2
Deposits   296,919   337,012   4,100   13.5
Borrowings   Rs.   174,350   Rs.   150,749   US$   1,834   (13.5)%

Other banking business
includes our leasing operations, our overseas banking subsidiaries and other items not attributable to any particular business segment
of the Bank.

The profit before
tax of the other banking segment increased by 59.7% from Rs. 6.3 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 10.0 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily
due to an increase in net interest income and other income, offset, in part, by an increase in operating expenses and provisions.

Net interest income
increased by 53.1% from Rs. 10.3 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 15.8 billion in fiscal 2023. Net interest income of ICICI Bank Canada
increased from Rs. 2.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 5.3 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to higher interest income on trade finance,
commercial loans and residential mortgages on account of increase in benchmark interest rates and lower interest expense on term deposits.
Net interest income of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased from Rs. 3.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 4.2 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due
to an increase in yield on interest earning assets, offset, in part, by an increase in interest expenses due to higher benchmark interest
rates. Net interest income of the Bank’s other banking business increased from Rs. 4.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 6.3 billion
in fiscal 2023.

Other income increased
by 24.0% from Rs. 3.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 4.2 billion in fiscal 2023, primarily due to an increase in other income of other
banking segment of the Bank. Other income of other banking segment of the Bank increased from Rs. 0.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 2.1
billion in fiscal 2023. Other income of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs. 1.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1.6 billion in fiscal
2023. Other income of ICICI Bank UK PLC decreased from Rs. 1.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 0.6 billion in fiscal 2023.

193

Table of Contents

Operating expenses
increased by 22.8% from Rs. 7.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 8.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in operating expenses
of the Bank. Operating expenses of other banking segment of the Bank increased from Rs. 1.9 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 3.0 billion
in fiscal 2023. Operating expenses of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs. 2.3 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 2.9 billion in fiscal 2023.
Operating expenses of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased from Rs. 2.9 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 3.0 billion in fiscal 2023.

Provisions increased
from Rs. 0.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1.1 billion in fiscal 2023. The increase in provision was primarily due to increase in provision
by ICICI Bank Canada. Provisions of our other banking segment of the Bank increased from Rs. 281 million in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 555 million
in fiscal 2023. ICICI Bank Canada made a provision of Rs. 147 million in fiscal 2023 as compared to a write-back of Rs. 345 million is
fiscal 2022. Provisions of our subsidiary in the UK increased from Rs. 231 million in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 513 million in fiscal 2023.

The impact on the
economy due to global developments, including inflation trajectory and on-going rate hike cycle by the regulators of developed countries,
trade-related disputes and geo-political conflicts, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, may impact economic conditions
in Canada and the United Kingdom, which in turn could impact the business of our banking subsidiaries in these countries. Further, the
Group is targeting reduction in the non-India linked corporate loan portfolio of ICICI Bank, ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank Canada.

Life Insurance

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Premium earned   Rs.   374,580   Rs.   399,328   US$   4,859   6.6%
Premium on re-insurance ceded and accepted   (11,367   )   (13,732   )   (167   )   20.8
Net premium earned   363,213   385,596   4,692   6.2
Other income   28,453   27,698   337   (2.7   )
Investment income   60,227   64,544   785   7.2
Total income   451,893   477,838   5,814   5.7
Commission paid   16,729   18,639   227   11.4
Claims/benefits paid   59,038   53,427   650   (9.5   )
Operating expenses   39,294   48,683   592   23.9
Total expenses   115,061   120,749   1,469   4.9
Transfer to linked funds   193,959   179,008   2,178   (7.7   )
Provisions for policy holder liabilities (non-linked)   134,967   169,112   2,058   25.3
Profit before tax   Rs.   7,906   Rs.   8,969   US$   109   13.5%

194

Table of Contents

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the outstanding balance of key assets and liabilities.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   828,880   Rs.   986,010   US$   11,997   19.0%
Assets held to cover linked liabilities   1,508,663   1,440,581   17,527   (4.5)
Liabilities on life policies   Rs.   2,288,272   Rs.   2,388,674   US$   29,063   4.4%

The profit before
tax of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 13.5% from Rs. 7.9 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 9.0 billion in fiscal 2023
primarily due to an increase in premium earned and a decrease in claims incurred.

The total premium
income of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 6.6% from Rs. 374.6 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 399.3 billion in fiscal
2023 primarily due to an increase in retail renewal premium and group premium. Retail renewal premium increased by 4.4% from Rs. 214.4
billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 223.8 billion in fiscal 2023. Group premium increased by 28.1% from Rs. 67.3 billion in fiscal 2022 to
Rs. 86.2 billion in fiscal 2023.

Other income of
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company decreased by 2.7% from Rs. 28.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 27.7 billion fiscal 2023.

Investment income
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 7.2% from Rs. 60.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 64.5 billion in fiscal 2023
primarily due to an increase in interest income, offset, in part, by a decrease in profit on sale of investment.

Commission expenses
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 11.4% from Rs. 16.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 18.6 billion in fiscal 2023
primarily due to an increase in new business commission and renewal commission.

Claims and benefit
payouts of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company decreased by 9.5% from Rs. 59.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 53.4 billion in fiscal
2023 primarily due to a decrease in death claims (net of reinsurance), offset, in part, by an increase in surrenders.

Transfer to linked
funds including the investible portion of the premium on linked policies of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company decreased by 7.7%
from Rs. 194.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 179.0 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to a decrease in linked premium. The investible
portion of the premium on linked policies of life insurance represents the premium income including renewal premium received on linked
policies of life insurance business invested, after deducting charges and premium for risk coverage, in the underlying asset or index
chosen by the policy holder. Provision for policyholder liabilities increased from Rs. 135.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 169.1 billion
in fiscal 2023.

Employee expenses
increased from Rs. 12.0 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 14.5 billion in fiscal 2023. Other operating expenses increased from Rs. 27.3 billion
in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 34.2 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to increases in advertisement and publicity expenses.

195

Table of Contents

Others

The “Others”
segment mainly includes ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Venture, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited.

ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company manages the ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, a leading mutual fund in India.

ICICI Securities
Limited and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited are engaged in equity underwriting and brokerage and primary dealership in government
securities respectively. ICICI Securities Limited owns icicidirect.com, a leading online brokerage platform and is engaged in equities
underwriting, securities broking and distribution of financial products.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023   2023/2022 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   14,709   Rs.   15,281   US$   186   3.9%
Other income   56,930   57,004   694   0.1
Total income   71,639   72,285   880   0.9
Operating expenses   25,823   29,630   361   14.7
Operating profit before provisions and tax   45,816   42,655   519   (6.9   )
Provision and contingencies   2,316   631   8   (72.8   )
Profit before tax   Rs.   43,500   Rs.   42,024   US$   511   (3.4)%

The profit before
tax of the “Others” segment decreased by 3.4% from Rs. 43.5 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 42.0 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily
due to a decrease in profit before tax of ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, offset, in part,
by an increase in profit before tax of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited.

Net interest income
increased by 3.9% from Rs. 14.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 15.3 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in net interest
income of our securities broking subsidiary and housing finance subsidiary, offset, in part, by a decrease in net interest income of
our primary dealership subsidiary.

Other income increased
marginally from Rs. 56.9 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 57.0 billion in fiscal 2023.

Operating expenses
increased by 14.7% from Rs. 25.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 29.6 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in other operating
expenses of our housing finance subsidiary and asset management subsidiary.

The profit before
tax of ICICI Securities Limited decreased from Rs. 18.7 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 15.2 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to a
decrease in fee income.

The profit before
tax of ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited increased from Rs. 19.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 20.1 billion in fiscal
2023 primarily due to an increase in income from fund operations, offset, in part, by an increase in staff cost and other administrative
expenses. Income from fund operations increased primarily due to an increase in management fees from equity and hybrid schemes.

196

Table of Contents

The profit before
tax of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited decreased from Rs. 4.4 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 1.7 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily
due to a decrease in net interest income and trading income.

The profit before
tax of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited increased from Rs. 1.2 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 4.9 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due
to an increase in net interest income and fee income and decrease in provision, offset, in part, by an increase in operating expenses.

The profit before
tax of ICICI Venture increased from Rs. 16 million in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 79 million in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in fee
income and investment income, offset, in part, by increase in staff cost.

Unallocated Expenses

During fiscal 2023,
the Bank on a prudent basis made an additional contingency provision of Rs. 56.5 billion, to further strengthen the balance sheet as
compared to a write-back of Rs. 0.3 billion in fiscal 2022. The contingency provision was not allocated to any segment and included in
unallocated.

For a discussion
of our results in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 and certain comparative numbers in fiscal 2022, please refer to “Part I —
Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” contained in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal 2022 filed with the
U.S Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2022.

Reconciliation of Net Profit (after
minority interest) between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP

Our consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, which differs in certain significant aspects from U.S. GAAP. The following
discussion explains the significant adjustments to our consolidated profit after tax under Indian GAAP in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and
fiscal 2021 that would result from the application of U.S. GAAP instead of Indian GAAP.

Consolidated net
income attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank under U.S. GAAP decreased from Rs. 511.8 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 250.0 billion
in fiscal 2023, while consolidated profit after tax attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank under Indian GAAP increased from Rs.
251.1 billion in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 340.4 billion in fiscal 2023. The decrease in the consolidated net income attributable to the shareholders
of ICICI Bank under U.S. GAAP was primarily due to gain amounting to Rs. 255.0 billion recognized on deconsolidation in fiscal 2022,
and impairment allowance amounting to Rs. 122.0 billion recognized in fiscal 2023, on our general insurance affiliate.

The merger of ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and general insurance business of Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited was approved
by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India with effect from September 8, 2021. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank has accounted
its investment in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited as an affiliate with effect from September 8, 2021. Under U.S. GAAP,
the retained interest in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited was fair valued on the date of loss of control based on the
closing quoted price of the common stock of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in the stock exchange. This resulted in a
gain of Rs. 255.0 billion on deconsolidation under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2022. Under Indian GAAP, the retained interest in ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited was accounted at carrying value. During fiscal 2023, considering the significant and continuous decline
in market price of equity shares of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, the Bank has recognized an impairment loss of Rs.
122.0 billion and recorded the carrying value of its investment in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited at the closing quoted
price of the common stock on the stock exchange.

197

Table of Contents

The difference
in accounting for the allowances of credit losses resulted in a higher net income by Rs. 15.6 billion in fiscal 2023 (fiscal 2022: Rs.
22.9 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP. This was primarily due to differences in the methodology of computing credit
loss allowances between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP, resulting in timing differences in the recognition of such allowances.

Further, during
fiscal 2023, the Bank increased the provisioning rates on certain loans on a conservative basis under Indian GAAP. This also resulted
in higher provision under Indian GAAP as compared to U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2023.

Under Indian GAAP,
the Bank, on prudent basis, held contingency provisions amounting to Rs. 131.0 billion at March 31, 2023 to strengthen the balance sheet.

The geopolitical
factors and the uncertain consequences, macroeconomic environment including the outlook on growth across the world and India may have
an impact on the results of the Bank and the Group. The Group makes adjustments to appropriately address these economic circumstances
over and above the model output under U.S. GAAP by increasing the probability of default estimates based on management judgement. Accordingly,
the Bank made management overlay on loan exposures under U.S. GAAP at March 31, 2023.

The allowance for
credit loss on loans and other financial assets under amortized cost was lower by Rs. 38.8 billion at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022:
Rs. 23.3 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP. Further, under Indian GAAP, specific provision is made on loans where strategic
debt restructuring was invoked/implemented as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank has opted for fair value accounting for
such loans and guarantees through income statement under U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the impact of accounting on these loans is accounted
in "Allowance for loan losses" for Indian GAAP and in the line item “Valuation of debt and equity securities” for
U.S. GAAP. The Bank held fair value loss of Rs. 12.2 billion at March 31, 2023 under U.S. GAAP in the line item under “Valuation
of debt and equity securities” on such loans.

See also
note
21(a) to our
“
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes
” included herein.

The difference
in accounting for the valuation of debt and equity securities resulted in lower net income by Rs. 0.1 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared
to higher income of Rs. 10.9 billion in fiscal 2022 under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP
unrealized losses on held-for-trading and available-for-sale securities are taken to profit and loss account, while net unrealized gains
on investments by category are ignored. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on trading assets are recognized in the profit and
loss account and unrealized gains or losses on debt securities classified as ‘available-for-sale’, which include all securities
classified as ‘held-to-maturity’ under Indian GAAP, are recognized in other comprehensive income under stockholders’
equity except for the unrealized losses on debt securities identified as credit loss which are recognized in profit and loss account.
The impact of difference in mark-to-market accounting for investment securities between U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP resulted in a higher
net income by Rs. 7.9 billion under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2023 (fiscal 2022: Rs. 9.3 billion). The impairment allowance on the debt investments
under U.S. GAAP resulted in lower net income by Rs. 2.3 billion in fiscal 2023 (fiscal 2022: Rs. 2.1 billion). Further, there was a negative
impact of other adjustments of Rs. 4.5 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to negative impact of Rs. 1.6 billion on net income in fiscal
2022 under U.S. GAAP. These primarily include difference due to premium/discount amortization on debt securities and difference in gain
on debt securities sold during the year, between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, available-for-sale debt securities include
all securities classified as ‘held-to-maturity’ under Indian GAAP. The First-In-First-Out method of accounting is applied
on aggregate ‘available-for-sale’ securities under U.S. GAAP, resulting in difference in realized gain/(loss) on sale of
securities between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

198

Table of Contents

We earn fees and
incur costs on the origination of loans which are recognized upfront under Indian GAAP but are amortized under U.S. GAAP. Amortization
of loan origination fees and costs resulted in higher income by Rs. 6.5 billion in fiscal 2023 (fiscal 2022: higher by Rs. 3.9 billion)
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP. Retirement benefit cost was lower by Rs. 1.2 billion in fiscal 2023 (fiscal 2022: higher
by Rs. 2.0 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP. While under Indian GAAP, actuarial gain or loss is recognized in the
profit and loss account, under U.S. GAAP, the actuarial gain/loss is recognized through other comprehensive income and thereafter amortized
through the income statement. During fiscal 2023, there was lower amortization of actuarial loss from other comprehensive income under
U.S. GAAP as compared to actuarial loss recognized in other comprehensive income, resulting in retirement benefit costs being lower under
U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2023 as compared to Indian GAAP. See also “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part
of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes -Note 21(e)
” included herein.

The difference
in accounting for consolidation resulted in negative impact on net income by Rs. 123.5 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to positive
impact on net income by Rs. 248.3 billion in fiscal 2022 under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP. This was primarily due to impairment
allowance amounting to Rs. 122.0 billion recognized in fiscal 2023, and gain amounting to Rs. 255.0 billion recognized on deconsolidation
in fiscal 2022, on our general insurance affiliate under U.S. GAAP. In fiscal 2023, our life insurance affiliate made a net income of
Rs. 11.4 billion (fiscal 2022: net loss: Rs. 1.8 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to net profit of Rs. 8.1 billion (fiscal 2022:
Rs. 7.5 billion) under Indian GAAP. The higher net income was primarily on account of lower policyholders’ liabilities and unallocated
policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost and lower marked-to-market loss on trading portfolio and
equity securities. See also
note 22(h) to our
“
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the
consolidated financial statements—Additional notes
” included herein.

Deferred tax expenses
were lower by Rs. 10.9 billion in fiscal 2023 (fiscal 2022: higher by Rs. 21.7 billion) under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP.

Deferred taxes
are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates under U.S. GAAP while under Indian
GAAP, no deferred taxes are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In fiscal
2023, there was reduction in deferred tax assets by Rs. 2.1 billion under US GAAP as compared to increase in deferred tax assets by Rs.
9.3 billion in fiscal 2022.

The Bank and
its housing finance subsidiary create a Special Reserve through appropriation of profits, in order to avail the tax benefits as per
the Income Tax Act, 1961. Under Indian GAAP, deferred tax liability has been recognized on such Special Reserve in accordance with
the guidelines issued by Reserve Bank of India. Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are recognized and measured based on the expected
manner of recovery and deferred taxes are not recognized if the expected manner of recovery does not give rise to tax consequences.
Accordingly, a deferred tax liability was not created on the Special Reserve based on the Group’s continuing intention to not
ever withdraw/utilize such Special Reserve and based on an opinion from the legal counsel about non-taxability of such Special
Reserve in the scenario of liquidation. In fiscal 2023, deferred tax expenses were lower by Rs. 6.6 billion (fiscal 2022: Rs. 3.7
billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP.

Further, there
was a difference due to the positive tax impact of Rs. 8.6 billion in fiscal 2023 on U.S. GAAP adjustments over Indian GAAP as compared
to the negative tax impact of Rs. 36.9 billion in fiscal 2022. See also “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming
part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes—Note 21(i)
” included herein.

199

Table of Contents

Consolidated net
income attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 511.8 billion in fiscal 2022 under U.S. GAAP was higher than the profit
after tax attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 251.1 billion under Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2022, the net income under
U.S. GAAP was higher primarily due to gain on deconsolidation of our former general insurance subsidiary, lower loan loss provisioning
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, the positive impact of amortization of loan processing fees net of costs and higher income
on accounting for debt and equity securities under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, offset, in part, by net loss of our life insurance
affiliate under U.S.GAAP as compared to net gain under Indian GAAP, higher deferred tax expenses under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian
GAAP and the impact of differences in accounting for compensation costs under U.S. GAAP.

Consolidated net
income attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 213.7 billion in fiscal 2021 under U.S. GAAP was higher than the profit
after tax attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 183.8 billion under Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2021, the net income under
U.S. GAAP was higher primarily due to lower loan loss provisioning under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, higher net income of our
life insurance affiliate as compared to Indian GAAP and the positive impact of amortization of loan processing fees, net of costs, offset,
in part, by lower income due to the impact of the differences in accounting for debt and equity securities under U.S. GAAP as compared
to Indian GAAP, higher deferred tax expenses under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP and the impact of differences in accounting for
compensation costs under U.S. GAAP.

For a further description
of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP, a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP
and certain additional information required under U.S. GAAP, see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements included herein.

Research and Development

We focus on strengthening
our technological capabilities, with key priorities being technology platforms, embedded banking, cloud adoption and real time data analytics.

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates

In order to understand
our financial condition and the results of operations, it is important to understand our critical accounting policies and estimates and
the extent to which we use judgments and estimates in applying those policies. Our accounting and reporting policies are in accordance
with Indian GAAP and conform to standard accounting practices relevant to our products and services and the businesses in which we operate.
Indian GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of
the financial statements and the reported income and expenses in the reported period. Accordingly, we use a significant amount of judgment
and estimates based on assumptions for which the actual results are uncertain when we make the estimation. See also “
Consolidated
Financial Statements—Schedule 17—Significant Accounting Policies
” included herein.

ICICI Bank Limited

Revenue recognition

Interest income
is recognized in the profit and loss account as it accrues, except in the case of non-performing assets where it is recognized upon realization
as per the income recognition and asset classification norms of the Reserve Bank of India. Income on discounted instruments is recognized
over the tenure of the instrument on a constant yield basis. Dividend income is accounted on accrual basis when the right to receive
the dividend is established. Commission received on guarantees and letters of credit and annual/renewal fee on credit cards, debit cards
and prepaid cards are amortized over the contractual period of the fees. Fees paid/received for priority sector lending certificates
is amortized on straight-line basis over the period of the certificate. All other fees are accounted for as and when they become due
where the Bank is reasonably certain of ultimate collection.

200

Table of Contents

The revenue recognition
involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made for collectibility of the income. Changes
in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates and the resulting recognition.

Accounting for Investments

ICICI Bank follows
the trade date method of accounting for the purchase and sale of investments, except for Government of India and state government securities,
for which the settlement date method of accounting is followed as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank accounts
for its investments in accordance with the guidelines on investment classification and valuation issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
Investments are classified into the following categories: (a) held-to-maturity, (b) available-for-sale and (c) held-for-trading. Under
each classification, we further categorize investments into (a) government securities, (b) other approved securities, (c) shares, (d)
bonds and debentures, (e) subsidiaries and joint ventures and (f) others (commercial papers, certificate of deposits, mutual funds, pass
through certificates, venture units, security receipts, etc.).

Investments that
are held principally for resale within 90 days from the date of purchase are classified as held-for-trading securities. Investments which
the Bank intends to hold until maturity are classified as held-to-maturity securities. Investments which are not classified in either
of the above categories are classified under available-for-sale securities. Investments in the equity of subsidiaries/joint ventures
are categorized as held-to-maturity or available for sale in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Costs, including
brokerage and commission pertaining to investments paid at the time of acquisition and broken period interest (the amount of interest
from the previous interest payment date until the date of purchase of instruments) on debt instruments, are charged to the profit and
loss account.

The Bank computes
the market value of its securities, under the available-for-sale and held-for-trading categories, scrip-wise (that is, by individual
securities) and the depreciation/appreciation on securities, other than those acquired by way of conversion of outstanding loans is aggregated
for each category. Net appreciation in each category under each investment classification, if any, is ignored, as it is unrealized while
net depreciation is provided. Depreciation on securities acquired by way of conversion of outstanding loan is fully provided. Non performing
investments are identified based on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Held-to-maturity
securities are carried at their acquisition cost or at the amortized cost, if acquired at a premium over the face value. Any premium
over the face value of the fixed rate and floating rate securities acquired is amortized over the remaining period to maturity on a constant
yield basis and straight line basis respectively.

Available-for-sale
and held-for-trading securities of the Bank are valued in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank
amortizes the premium, if any, over the face value of its fixed and floating rate investments in government securities classified as
available-for-sale over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. The market value
of quoted investments is based on the closing quotes on recognized stock exchanges or prices declared by the Primary Dealers Association
of India jointly with Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association/Financial Benchmark India Private Limited, periodically.

201

Table of Contents

The Bank computes
the market value of its unquoted government securities which are in the nature of statutory liquidity ratio securities included in the
available-for-sale and held-for-trading categories in accordance with rates published by the Financial Benchmark India Private Limited.

The Bank computes
the market value of unquoted non-government fixed income securities, including Pass Through Certificates, wherever linked to the yield-to-maturity
rates, with a mark-up, reflecting associated credit risk, over the yield to maturity rates for government securities published by the
Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association. The sovereign foreign securities and non-INR India linked bonds are valued on
the basis of prices published by the sovereign regulator or counterparty quotes.

Treasury bills,
commercial papers and certificate of deposits being discounted instruments, are valued at carrying cost.

The units of mutual
funds are valued at the latest repurchase price/net asset value declared by the mutual fund.

The Bank computes
the market value of its unquoted equity shares at the break-up value, if the latest balance sheet is available. If such a balance sheet
is not available, the unquoted equity shares are valued at Re. 1 in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The units of Venture
Capital Funds are valued at the net asset value declared by the Venture Capital Fund. If the latest balance sheet is not available continuously
for more than 18 months, the units of Venture Capital Fund are valued at Rs. 1, in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank values
the securities receipts at the net asset value provided by asset reconstruction companies. The Bank makes additional provisions on the
security receipts based on the remaining period for the resolution period to end. The security receipts which are outstanding and not
redeemed as at the end of the resolution period are treated as loss assets and are fully provided for.

The Bank assesses
investments in subsidiaries for any other than temporary diminution in value and appropriate provisions are made.

Depreciation/provision
on non-performing investments is made as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of the Reserve
Bank of India.

Gain/loss on sale
of investments is recognized in the profit and loss Account. Cost of investments is computed based on the First-In-First-Out method.
The profit from sale of investment under held-to-maturity category, net of taxes and transfer to statutory reserve is transferred to
“Capital Reserve” in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank undertakes
short sale transactions in dated central government securities in accordance with Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The short positions
are categorized under held-for-trading category and are marked to market. The mark-to-market loss is charged to profit and loss account
and gain, if any, is ignored as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

202

Table of Contents

The Bank accounts
for repurchase, reverse repurchase and transactions with Reserve Bank of India under Liquidity Adjustment Facility as borrowing and lending
transactions in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The valuation methodologies
for investment involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made regarding risk characteristics
of various financial instruments, discount rates, estimates of future cash flows and other factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly
affect these estimates and the resulting fair values.

Provisions/Write-offs
on Loans and Other Credit Facilities

Loans and advances
are classified into performing and non-performing loans as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under Reserve Bank of India guidelines,
an asset is generally classified as non-performing if any amount of interest or principal remains overdue for more than 90 days, in respect
of term loans. In respect of overdraft or cash credit, an asset is classified as non-performing if the account remains out of order for
a period of 90 days and in respect of bills, if the account remains overdue for more than 90 days. Loans held at the overseas branches
that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations, but which are standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines,
are classified as non-performing loans to the extent of the amount outstanding in the respective host country. Non-performing loans and
advances are classified as standard, substandard, doubtful and loss assets based on number of days overdue. Interest on non-performing
advances is transferred to an interest suspense account and not recognized in profit and loss account until received.

The Bank considers
an account as restructured, where for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, the Bank grants
concessions to the borrower, that the Bank would not otherwise consider. The moratorium granted to the borrowers based on Reserve Bank
of India guidelines is not accounted as restructuring of loan. The Reserve Bank of India guidelines on ‘Resolution Framework for
COVID-19-related Stress’ provide a prudential framework for resolution plan of certain loans. The borrowers where resolution plan
was implemented under these guidelines are classified as standard restructured.

Provisions are
generally made by the Bank on standard, substandard, doubtful and loss assets as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum
provisioning requirements of the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and a general
provision against standard loans. The Bank also makes specific provision on certain performing loans as per the direction of the Reserve
Bank of India. Loss assets and unsecured portions of doubtful assets are fully provided. For impaired loans held in overseas branches,
which are performing as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines, provisions are made as per the host country regulations. For loans held
in overseas branches, which are non-performing loans as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines and as per host country regulations,
provisions are made at the higher of the provisions required as per internal provisioning norms and host country regulations. In respect
of borrowers classified as non-cooperative borrowers or willful defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per Reserve Bank
of India guidelines. The Bank held specific provisions for non-performing retail loans that are higher than the minimum regulatory requirements.

In respect of non-retail
loans reported as fraud to the Reserve Bank of India, the entire amount, is provided for over a period not exceeding four quarters starting
from the quarter in which fraud has been detected. In respect of non-retail loans where there has been a delay in reporting the fraud
to the Reserve Bank of India or which are classified as loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In the case of fraud
in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative borrowers or willful
defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

203

Table of Contents

The Bank makes
provision on restructured loans subject to minimum requirements as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Provision due to diminution
in the fair value of restructured/rescheduled loans and advances is made in accordance with the applicable Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
Non-performing and restructured loans are upgraded to standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines or host country regulations,
as applicable. Banks are required to disclose the aggregate fund-based credit facilities of borrowers whose loans were restructured.

In terms of Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, the non-performing advances are written-off in accordance with the Bank’s policy. Amounts recovered against
bad debts written-off are recognized in the profit and loss account.

The Bank also creates
general provisions on performing loans based on the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India including provisions on loans to borrowers
having unhedged foreign currency exposure, provisions on loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors, provision on exposure
to step-down subsidiaries of Indian companies and provision on incremental exposure to borrowers identified as per Reserve Bank of India’s
large exposure framework. For performing loans in overseas branches, the general provision is made at higher of aggregate provision required
as per host country regulations and the Reserve Bank of India requirement.

Additionally, the
Bank creates provisions on individual country exposures including indirect country risk (other than for home country exposure). The countries
are categorized into seven risk categories: insignificant, low, moderately low, moderate, moderately high, high and very high and provisioning
is made on exposures exceeding 180 days on a graded scale ranging from 0.25% to 25%. For exposures with a contractual maturity of less
than 180 days, provision is required to be held at 25% of the rates applicable to exposures exceeding 180 days. The indirect exposure
is reckoned at 50% of the exposure. If the Bank’s net funded exposure in respect of a country is less than 1% of its total assets,
no provision is required for such country exposure.

The Bank makes
additional provisions as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines for the cases where viable resolution plan has not been implemented within
the timelines prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India, from the date of default. These additional provisions are written-back on satisfying
the conditions for reversal as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank, on prudent
basis, has made contingency provision on loan portfolio, including borrowers who had taken moratorium at any time during fiscal 2021
under the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines related to COVID-19 regulatory package. The Bank also makes additional contingency
provision on certain standard assets. The contingency provision is included in ‘Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

The Bank has a
Board approved policy for making floating provision for the year which is in addition to the specific and general provisions made by
the Bank. The floating provision can only be utilized, with the approval of Board and the Reserve Bank of India, in case of contingencies
which do not arise in the normal course of business and are exceptional and non-recurring in nature and for making specific provision
for impaired loans as per the requirement of extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines or any regulatory guidance/instructions. The floating
provision is netted-off from loans.

The provisions
on loans involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made for provisions on non-performing
loans and on performing loans and other credit exposures. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates and the resulting
provisions.

204

Table of Contents

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company

Premium for non-linked
policies is recognized as income (net of goods and service tax) when due from policyholders. For unit-linked business, premium is recognized
as income when the associated units are created. Premium on lapsed policies is recognized as income when such policies are reinstated.

Reinsurance premium
ceded is accounted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant treaties with the reinsurer. Profit commission on reinsurance
ceded is netted off against premium ceded on reinsurance.

Death and rider
claims are accounted for on receipt of intimation. Survival, maturity and annuity benefits are accounted when due. Withdrawals and surrenders
under non-linked policies are accounted on the receipt of intimation and for unit-linked policies are accounted when the associated units
are cancelled. Reinsurance claims are accounted for in the period in which the claim is intimated.

Income from unit-linked
policies, which includes fund management charges, policy administration charges, mortality charges and other charges, if any, are recovered
from the unit-linked funds in accordance with terms and conditions of policies issued and are recognized when due.

Acquisition costs
are costs that vary with and are primarily related to acquisition of insurance contracts. It consists of costs like commission, stamp
duty, policy issuance, employee cost and other related costs pertaining to the acquisition of insurance contracts. These costs are expensed
in the period in which they are incurred.

The actuarial liabilities,
for all in-force policies and policies where premiums are discontinued but a liability exists as at the valuation date, are calculated
in accordance with the accepted actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, as amended from time to time, regulations notified
by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, relevant Guidance notes and Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute
of Actuaries of India. The unit liability in respect of linked business is the value of the units standing to the credit of policyholders,
using the net asset value prevailing at the valuation date.

The actuarial liability
in respect of both participating and non-participating policies is calculated using the gross premium method, using assumptions for interest,
mortality, morbidity, expenses and inflation, and in the case of participating policies, future bonuses together with allowance for taxation
and allocation of profits to shareholders. These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates at the date of valuation including allowances
for possible adverse deviations.

The Funds for Future
Appropriations, in the participating segment represents the surplus, which is not allocated to policyholders or shareholders as at the
Balance Sheet date.

Investments are
made and accounted for in accordance with the Insurance Act, 1938, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Investment)
Regulations, 2016, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Preparation of Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report of
Insurance Companies) Regulations, 2002, Investments – Master circular, Investment Policy of the Company and various other circulars/notifications
issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India in this context from time to time.

Unclaimed
amount of policyholders’ liability is determined on the basis of net asset value of the units outstanding as at the valuation date.
Income on unclaimed amount of policyholders is accreted to the unclaimed fund and is accounted for on an accrual basis, net of fund management
charges.

Borrowing costs
are charged to the Profit and Loss Account in the period in which these are incurred.

205

Table of Contents

Fair Value Measurements

We determine the
fair values of our financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820. The standard describes three
levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value.

The valuation of
Level 1 instruments is based upon the unadjusted quoted prices of identical instruments traded in active markets.

The valuation of
Level 2 instruments is based upon the quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, the quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active, prices quoted by market participants and prices derived from valuation models which use significant
inputs that are observable in active markets. Inputs used include interest rates, yield curves, volatilities and credit spreads, which
are available from public sources such as Reuters, Bloomberg, Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India
Private Limited and the Fixed Income Money Markets and Derivatives Association of India.

The valuation of
Level 3 instruments is based on valuation techniques or models which use significant market unobservable inputs or assumptions. Financial
instruments are considered Level 3 when their values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar
techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable or when the determination of the fair value requires
significant management judgment or estimation.

The valuation methodologies
adopted by us for valuing our investments and derivatives portfolio are summarized below. A substantial portion of the portfolio is valued
based on the unadjusted quoted or traded prices or based on models using market observable inputs such as interest rates, yield curves,
volatilities and credit spreads available from public sources like Fixed Income Money Markets and Derivatives Association of India, Foreign
Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited Reuters, Bloomberg and stock exchanges.

 The rupee
denominated fixed income portfolio, which includes all rupee investments in government securities and corporate bonds, is valued based
on guidelines for market participants established by the Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association. The Fixed Income Money
Market and Derivatives Association is an association of scheduled commercial banks, public financial institutions, primary dealers and
insurance companies and is a voluntary market body for bonds, derivatives and money markets in India. The international investments portfolio
is generally valued on the basis of quoted prices. In certain markets, due to illiquidity, we use alternate valuation methodologies based
on our own assumptions and estimates of the fair values.

A substantial part
of the derivatives portfolio is valued using market observable inputs like swap rates, foreign exchange rates, volatilities and forward
rates. The valuation of derivatives is carried out primarily using the market quoted swap rates and foreign exchange rates. Certain structured
derivatives are valued based on counterparty quotes. The exposure regarding derivative transactions is computed and is marked against
the credit limits approved for the respective counterparties.

 We also hold
investments and derivatives that have been valued based on unobservable inputs or that involve significant assumptions made by the management
in arriving at their fair values. Such instruments are classified under Level 3 as per the classification defined in FASB ASC Topic 820
“Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures”.

206

Table of Contents

A description of the valuation
methodologies of Level 3 investments under U.S. GAAP

Our total investment
in Level 3 instruments amounted to Rs. 111.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. Out of the total Level 3 investments, investments amounting
to Rs. 108.9 billion were India-linked and investments amounting to Rs. 2.9 billion were non-India linked. India-linked investments consisted
of pass through certificates of Rs. 98.7 billion, corporate bonds of Rs. 2.1 billion, equity shares of Rs. 7.9 billion and other securities
of Rs. 0.2 billion. Non-India linked investments consisted of mortgage backed securities of Rs. 2.8 billion and equity shares of Rs.
0.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

The valuation of
Indian pass through certificates is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying trust would pay out. The underlying trust
makes assumptions with regards to various variables to arrive at the estimated cash flows. The cash flows for pass through certificates
are discounted at the yield-to-maturity rates and credit spreads published by Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income
Money Market and Derivatives Association on month ends.

Bonds that have
been identified as illiquid and valued on the basis of a valuation model are classified as Level 3 instruments, only if the input used
to value those securities is collected from unobservable market data or if the bonds were valued after making adjustment to the market
observable data. The investment in bonds of Rs. 2.1 billion were valued at the amortized cost net of impairment or using significant
management estimates and assumptions or based on market value of the underlying collateral.

Due to illiquidity
in the asset backed and mortgage backed security markets, a substantial part of these securities are classified as Level 3 and valuation
models are used to value these securities.

Our Canadian subsidiary
holds retained interest, largely representing the excess spread of mortgage interest over the rate of return on the mortgaged backed
securities, which has been recorded as available-for-sale securities in the balance sheet at fair value of Rs. 2.8 billion determined
using an internal model.

Non-India linked
equity shares of Rs. 0.1 billion were valued by applying discount to the market price of same company.

The methodologies
we use for validating the valuation model of products which are valued with reference to market observable inputs include comparing the
outputs of our models with counterparty quotes, in comparison with pricing from third party pricing tools, replicating the valuation
methodology used in the model or other methods used on a case-by-case basis. The valuation is also carried out under various scenarios
and are checked for consistency. However, for products where there are no reliable market prices or market observable inputs available,
valuation is carried out using models developed using alternate approaches and incorporating proxies wherever applicable. The independent
validation of valuation models is performed by an entity/unit independent of the risk management group.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
under U.S. GAAP

Long-Duration
Insurance Contracts

In August
2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update No. 2018-12, Financial Services—Insurance: Targeted Improvements to the Accounting
for Long-Duration Contracts, which changes the existing recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures for long-duration contracts
issued by an insurance company. The guidance improves the timeliness of recognizing changes in the liability for future policy benefits
and prescribes the rate used to discount future cash flows for long-duration insurance contracts. It simplifies the accounting for certain
market-based options or guarantees associated with deposit contracts and the amortization of deferred acquisition costs. The Guidance
introduces additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures. The Bank has insurance subsidiary/affiliate that issue long-duration
insurance contracts that will be impacted by the requirements of ASU 2018-12.

207

Table of Contents

The
effective date of ASU No. 2018-12 was deferred for all insurance entities by Accounting Standard Update No. 2019-09, Finance Services—Insurance:
Effective Date and by Accounting Standard Update No. 2020-11, Financial Services—Insurance: Effective Date and Early Application.
The Accounting Standard Update will be applicable to the Group from fiscal 2024.

Troubled debt
restructurings and vintage disclosures

In March 2022,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-02, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures
which eliminates the accounting guidance for the Troubled debt restructurings carried out by creditors, while enhancing the disclosure
requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings undertaken by the creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty.
Further, this update requires entities to disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and
net investments in leases within the scope of Subtopic 326-20, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses—Measured at Amortized
Cost.

This update would
be applicable from fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2022. Accordingly, for this Accounting Standard Update will be applicable
to the Group from fiscal 2024 and this amendment is not likely to have any material impact on the transition date.

Convergence of Indian Accounting
Standards with International Financial Reporting Standards

In 2016, the Ministry
of Corporate Affairs issued the roadmap for implementation of new Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS), converged with International
Financial Reporting Standards, for scheduled commercial banks, insurance companies and non-banking financial companies. However, currently
the implementation of Ind AS for banks and insurance companies has been deferred until further notice pending the consideration of some
recommended legislative amendments by the Government of India. We are in an advanced stage of preparedness for implementation of Ind
AS, as and when these are made applicable to the Indian banks. Further, there may be regulatory guidelines and clarifications in some
critical areas of Ind AS application, which we will need to suitably incorporate in our implementation project as and when those are
issued.

Financial statements
prepared under Ind AS may diverge significantly from the financial statements and other financial information included or incorporated
by reference in this annual report. The major areas of differences include classification and mark-to-market accounting of financial
assets, impairment of financial assets and allowance for expected credit losses, accounting of loan processing fees and costs, amortization
of premium or discount on purchase of financial assets, consolidation accounting and deferred taxes.

Separately, during
fiscal 2022, Reserve Bank of India, issued a discussion paper on “Review of prudential norms on classification, valuation and operations
of investment portfolio of commercial banks”, which is broadly based on the principles of the International Financial Reporting
Standard 9. Further, during fiscal 2023, Reserve Bank of India, through its discussion paper on “Introduction of Expected Credit
Loss framework for provisioning by banks” has proposed to adopt an expected credit loss framework based on the approach used in
International Financial Reporting Standard 9, supplemented by regulatory backstops wherever necessary. The major areas of differences
include classification and mark-to-market accounting of financial assets, impairment of financial assets and allowance for expected credit
losses, accounting of loan processing fees and costs, and amortization of premium or discount on purchase of financial assets.

208

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT

Directors and Executive Officers

Our Board of Directors
is responsible for the management of our business. Our organizational documents provide for a minimum of three directors and a maximum
of 15 directors, excluding the Government Director and the Debenture Director (defined below), if any. We may, subject to the provisions
of our organizational documents and the Companies Act, 2013 change the maximum number of directors by a special resolution, subject to
approval by our shareholders. Approval of a special resolution requires that the votes cast by shareholders in favor of the resolution
are not less than three times the number of the votes, if any, cast against the resolution. In addition, under the Banking Regulation
Act, 1949, the Reserve Bank of India may require us to convene a meeting of our shareholders for the purposes of appointing new directors
to our Board of Directors.

The Banking Regulation
Act requires that at least 51% of our directors should have special knowledge or practical experience in banking and areas relevant to
banking including accountancy, agriculture and rural economy, co-operation, economics, finance, law, small scale industry, information
technology, payment and settlement systems, human resources, risk management and business management. All our directors possess special
knowledge in more than one area specified in the Banking Regulation Act and applicable regulations. The appointment of the chairman and
executive directors requires the approval of the Reserve Bank of India, in addition to the approval of our shareholders that is generally
required for the appointment of all directors (other than the Government Director and the Debenture Director, if any). In classifying
our directors as independent, we have relied on the declaration of independence provided by the independent directors as prescribed under
the Companies Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
as amended from time to time, which were also placed before the Board at its meeting held on April 22, 2023. The Companies Act, 2013
excludes the Government Director from the definition of independent director. Our directors are also subject to ‘fit and proper’
criteria as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India to be considered while appointing persons as directors of banking companies. Our
directors (other than the Government Director) are required to make declarations confirming their ongoing compliance of the ‘fit
and proper’ criteria. Our Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee and Board of Directors have reviewed the declarations
received from all the existing directors in this regard and determined that all our directors satisfy the ‘fit and proper’
criteria and can continue on the Board. Further, pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a person is eligible for appointment
as non-executive director, if he or she is between 35 and 75 years of age. After attaining the age of 75 years, no person can continue
in this position. Our organizational documents also provide that we may execute trust deeds in respect of our debentures under which
the trustee or trustees may appoint a director, known as the Debenture Director. The debenture director is not subject to retirement
by rotation and may only be removed as provided in the relevant trust deed. Currently, we do not have a Debenture Director on our Board
of Directors.

Of our 11 directors
as at June 30, 2023, three directors are in our whole-time employment (one Managing Director & CEO, and two Executive Directors)
and the remaining eight directors are independent directors. The eight independent directors include retired public servants, corporate
executives, advisors and chartered accountants. Of the eight independent directors, three have specialized knowledge in respect of agriculture
and rural economy and three in small scale industry.

The Companies Act
provides that an independent director shall not hold office for more than two consecutive terms of up to five years each provided that
the director is re-appointed by passing a special resolution on completion of the first term. In line with the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines, the total tenure of non-executive director, continuously or otherwise, on the board of a bank, shall not exceed eight years.
After completing eight years on the board of a bank the person, may be considered for re-appointment only after a minimum gap of three
years. The Companies Act provides that in respect of banking companies, the provisions of the Companies Act shall apply except in so
far as they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Banking Regulation Act.

209

Table of Contents

Pursuant to the
provisions of the Companies Act, at least two-thirds of the total number of our non-independent directors are subject to retirement by
rotation. The Government Director and the debenture director are not subject to retirement by rotation as per our organizational documents.
One-third of the directors liable to retire by rotation must retire from office at each annual general meeting of shareholders. A retiring
director is eligible for re-election.

Mr. Girish Chandra
Chaturvedi was appointed as an independent director from July 1, 2018 to June 30, 2021. Subsequently, he was appointed as non-executive
(part-time) Chairman effective July 17, 2018 to June 30, 2021. Mr. Girish Chandra Chaturvedi was re-appointed for the second term as
an independent director and as non-executive (part-time) Chairman for a period of three years effective from July 1, 2021 to June 30,
2024.

Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi
was appointed as a wholetime director and Chief Operating Officer (Designate) by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on June 18,
2018. The Reserve Bank of India and shareholders approved his appointment as a wholetime director effective from July 31, 2018. The Board
of Directors at its meeting held on October 4, 2018 approved the appointment of Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi as Managing Director and Chief Executive
Officer for a period of five years, subject to the approval of Reserve Bank of India and shareholders. The Reserve Bank of India on October
15, 2018 initially approved his appointment as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer for a period of three years effective from
October 15, 2018 and subsequently on August 24, 2021 approved his re-appointment from October 15, 2021 till October 3, 2023. The shareholders
at the annual general meeting held on August 9, 2019 have approved the appointment of Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi as Managing Director and Chief
Executive Officer of the Bank for a period effective from October 15, 2018 to October 3, 2023. The Board of Directors of the Bank at
its meeting held on October 22, 2022 approved the re-appointment of Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
of the Bank for a period of three years with effect from October 4, 2023 to October 3, 2026, subject to approval of the Reserve Bank
of India and shareholders of the Bank. The approval of Reserve Bank of India is awaited while the approval of the shareholders would
be sought at the Annual General Meeting scheduled on August 30, 2023.

Mr. Anup Bagchi
who was appointed as an Executive Director on the Board of the Bank from February 1, 2017, resigned from the Board with effect from the
close of the business hours on April 30, 2023.

Mr. Sandeep Batra
was appointed as a wholetime director (designated as an Executive Director) by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 6, 2019
for a period of five years effective from May 7, 2019 or the date of approval of his appointment by the Reserve Bank of India, whichever
is later. The shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on August 9, 2019 approved the appointment of Mr. Sandeep Batra as a wholetime
director (designated as an Executive Director) for a period of five years effective from May 7, 2019 or the date of approval from the
Reserve Bank of India, whichever is later. In line with a Reserve Bank of India letter dated October 30, 2019, the Board of Directors
at its meeting held on September 16, 2020 approved the filing of a fresh application to the Reserve Bank of India for the purpose of
approval of appointment of Mr. Sandeep Batra as a wholetime director (designated as Executive Director) of the Bank, for a period of
five years or date of retirement, whichever is earlier, effective from September 17, 2020 or the date of approval of appointment by Reserve
Bank of India, whichever is later. The Reserve Bank of India has approved the appointment of Mr. Sandeep Batra as an Executive Director
of the Bank for a period of three years from the date of his taking charge as an Executive Director. The Board of Directors through a
circular resolution dated December 23, 2020 recorded December 23, 2020 as the effective date of appointment and taking charge by Mr.
Sandeep Batra as a wholetime director (designated as an Executive Director) of the Bank. The Board of Directors of the Bank at its meeting
held on May 28, 2023 approved the re-appointment of Mr. Sandeep Batra as Executive Director of the Bank for a further period of two years
with effect from December 23, 2023 to December 22, 2025, subject to the approval of Reserve Bank of India. This renewed term of two years
is within the five years term as previously approved by the shareholders.

210

Table of Contents

The Board of Directors
at its meeting held on April 23, 2022 approved the appointment of Mr. Rakesh Jha as an additional director and wholetime director (designated
as Executive Director) of the Bank for a period of five years effective from May 1, 2022 or the date of approval of his appointment by
the Reserve Bank of India, whichever is later. The shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on August 30, 2022 approved the appointment
of Mr. Rakesh Jha as a Director and Wholetime Director (designated as Executive Director) for a period of five years effective May 1,
2022 or the date of approval of his appointment by the Reserve Bank of India, whichever is later. The Reserve Bank of India vide its
letter dated September 2, 2022 has communicated its approval for the appointment of Mr. Rakesh Jha as an Executive Director of the Bank
for a period of three years from the date of its approval i.e. September 2, 2022.

The Board of Directors
of the Bank at its meeting held on June 28, 2022 and the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on August 30, 2022 approved
the re-appointment of the following Directors:

·   Ms.
                                            Neelam Dhawan as an independent director of the Bank for a second term commencing from January
                                            12, 2023 to January 11, 2026;

·   Mr.
                                            Uday Chitale as an independent director of the Bank for a second term commencing from January
                                            17, 2023 to October 19, 2024;

·   Mr.
                                            Radhakrishnan Nair as an independent director of the Bank for a second term commencing from
                                            May 2, 2023 to May 1, 2026.

The Board of Directors
of the Bank at its meeting held on May 28, 2023 approved the re-appointment of the following independent directors, subject to the approval
of the shareholders:

·   Mr.
                                            Hari Mundra as an independent director of the Bank for a second term commencing from October
                                            26, 2023 to October 25, 2024;

·   Mr.
                                            B. Sriram as an independent director of the Bank for a second term commencing from January
                                            14, 2024 to January 13, 2027;

·   Mr.
                                            S. Madhavan as an independent director of the Bank for a second term commencing from April
                                            14, 2024 to April 13, 2027.

Our Board had the
following members at June 30, 2023:

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date
of first Appointment   Particulars
of other Directorship(s) at June 30, 2023
Mr.
    Girish Chandra Chaturvedi Non-Executive
    Independent Director Profession: Advisor   70   July 1, 2018 (appointed as part-time Chairman
    effective July 17, 2018)   Chairperson National Stock Exchange of India
    Limited

211

Table of Contents

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date of
    first Appointment   Particulars
    of other Directorship(s) at June 30, 2023
Mr. Uday Chitale Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   73   January 17, 2018   Director ICICI Lombard General Insurance
    Company Limited Indian Council for Dispute Resolution
Ms. Neelam Dhawan Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   63   January 12, 2018   Chairperson Capillary Technologies India Limited Director Yatra Online Limited Yatra Online Inc Capita PLC Fractal Analytics Private Limited Nudge Lifeskills Foundation
Mr. Subramanian Madhavan Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   66   April 14, 2019   Director Transport Corporation of India Limited HCL Technologies Limited Procter & Gamble Health Limited CBIX Technology Solutions Private Limited Shopkhoj Content Private Limited Lifestyle International Private Limited Sterlite Technologies Limited
Mr. Hari L. Mundra Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   73   October 26, 2018   Director Tata Autocomp Systems Limited

212

Table of Contents

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date of
    first Appointment   Particulars
    of other Directorship(s) at June 30, 2023
Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   68   May 2, 2018   Director Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited Geojit Financial Services Limited Geojit Credits Private Limited Brickwork Ratings India Private Limited Inditrade Capital Limited Independent Member Kerala Infrastructure Investment Fund Board
Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram Non-Executive Independent Director Profession : Advisor   64   January 14, 2019   Director TVS Credit Services Limited Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited IndiaIdeas Com Limited TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited TVS SCS Singapore Pte Limited National Bank for Financing Infrastructure and Development (NaBFID) TVS Motor Company Limited Dreamplug Technologies Private Limited

213

Table of Contents

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date of
    first Appointment   Particulars
    of other Directorship(s) at June 30, 2023
Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi Non-Executive Independent
    Director Profession : Company Director   63   January 23, 2022   Director Tata Chemicals Limited Asian Paints Limited ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited Pratham Education Foundation Tata Chemicals North America Inc., USA TCE Group Limited, UK Valley Holdings Inc., USA Gusiute Holdings (UK) Limited, UK Piramal Pharma Limited
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi Managing Director and CEO Profession : Company Executive   63   October 15, 2018   None
Mr. Sandeep Batra Executive Director Profession : Company Executive   57   December 23, 2020   Chairperson ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited Director ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
Mr. Rakesh Jha Executive Director Profession : Company Executive   51   September 2, 2022   Director ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ICICI Securities Limited ICICI Home Finance Company Limited Mastercard Asia/ Pacific Pte. Ltd (Director –
    Mastercard Asia Pacific Advisory Board)

214

Table of Contents

Our executive officers
as at March 31, 2023, who received executive remuneration in fiscal 2023, were as follows:

Name   Age   Designation
    and Responsibilities   Years
    of Work Experience   Total
    remuneration in Fiscal 2023 (in Rupees) (1)   Bonus
    Paid in Fiscal 2023 (in Rupees) (2)   Stock
    Options Granted during Fiscal 2022   Stock Options
    Granted during Fiscal 2023   Total
    Stock Options Granted through March 31, 2023   Total
    Stock Options Outstanding at March 31, 2023 (3)   Shareholding at March 31, 2023 (4)
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   63   Managing Director and CEO   40   74,369,260   21,350,000   394,850   317,800   9,695,100   6,459,400   275,000
Mr. Anup
                                       Bagchi   52   Executive Director   31   67,875,485   18,650,000   305,350   249,100   7,318,375   4,096,200   ..
Mr. Sandeep Batra   57   Executive Director   35   66,696,291   18,650,000   305,350   249,100   4,894,500   3,695,500   148,000
Mr. Rakesh Jha (5)   51   Executive Director   27   52,701,843   13,908,217   305,350   249,100   6,073,825   4,101,250   65,000
Mr. Anindya Banerjee (6)   47   Group Chief Financial Officer   25   29,617,634   6,102,216   90,600   89,200   2,638,800   1,743,900   152,500

(1)   The remuneration
                                            for the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Directors for fiscal
                                            2022 was approved by the Reserve Bank of India during fiscal 2023. Hence, remuneration for
                                            fiscal 2023 include arrear payments (wherever applicable) pertaining to fiscal 2022. The
                                            above includes salary, other benefits and ICICI Bank’s contribution to provident and
                                            gratuity funds paid for fiscal 2023.

(2)   Represents
                                            bonus amounts paid during fiscal 2023. It includes the non-deferred portion of the bonus
                                            pertaining to fiscal 2022 and the amount paid from the deferred portion of the bonus approved
                                            in earlier years. For the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Directors,
                                            the bonus is paid after approval of the Reserve Bank of India. The amount of bonus is proportionate
                                            to the period of employment in the Bank during fiscal 2023.

(3)   Each stock
                                            option, once exercised, would be equivalent to one equity share of the Bank. See also “—Compensation
                                            and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Employee Stock Option Scheme” for a description
                                            of the other terms of these stock options.

(4)   Executive
                                            officers and Directors (including non-executive directors) as a group held 0.01% of the Bank’s
                                            equity shares at March 31, 2023.

(5)   Mr. Rakesh Jha was appointed as Executive Director effective September
                                                                                                     2, 2022. The above remuneration is his full year salary.

(6)   Mr. Anindya
                                            Banerjee was appointed as the Group Chief Financial Officer of the Bank with effect from
                                            May 1, 2022. The above remuneration is his full year salary.

The profile of
our non-executive directors as at June 30, 2023 was as follows:

Mr. Girish Chandra
Chaturvedi
 has masters’ degrees in physics and social policy in developing countries from the University of Allahabad and the
London School of Economics respectively. He joined the Indian Administrative Service in 1977, serving at various levels across a number
of sectors, including banking, insurance, pension, health, family welfare and petroleum and natural gas. He also served as a government
nominee director on the boards of several banks, insurance companies and financial institutions. He retired in 2013 as the secretary
of the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas. Currently, he is also the Chairman of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

215

Table of Contents

Mr. Uday Chitale

is a chartered accountant with professional standing of over 45 years and was a senior partner of M. P. Chitale & Co, chartered
accountants. He is also active in the field of arbitration and conciliation of commercial disputes. He has served on the boards of several
companies and was a board member of the Bank from 1997-2005 as well. He served on the global board of directors and as Vice President-Asia
Pacific of the worldwide association of accounting firms DFK International. He is also a member of the Board of Governors of National
Institute of Securities Markets promoted by Securities and Exchange Board of India.

Ms. Neelam Dhawan

is an economics graduate from St Stephen’s College, Delhi University and has a master in business administration degree from
the Faculty of Management Studies, Delhi University. Ms. Dhawan has over 38 years of experience in the information technology industry.
Starting from 1982, she has held various positions across Hindustan Computers Limited, IBM, Microsoft and Hewlett Packard Enterprise.
She has been Managing Director and leader of the country businesses for 11 years for Microsoft and later Hewlett Packard in India. Her
last executive assignment was in Hewlett Packard Enterprise that of as Vice President for Global Industries, Strategic Alliances, and
Inside Sales for Asia Pacific and Japan.

Mr. Subramanian
Madhavan
 is a chartered accountant and holds a post graduate diploma in business management from the Indian Institute of Management,
Ahmedabad. He started his career with Hindustan Unilever Limited. He had thereafter established a highly successful tax practice and
served large Indian and multinational clients. He was then a senior partner and Executive Director in PricewaterhouseCoopers Private
Limited. He has around 38 years of experience in accountancy, economics, finance, law, information technology, human resources, risk
management, business management and banking.

Mr. Hari L.
Mundra
 has a bachelor of arts degree and a post graduate degree in business management from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.
He began his career in 1971 in Hindustan Unilever Limited and was the youngest member of its board as the Vice President and Executive
Director in charge of exports at the time he left in 1995. He subsequently held leadership positions in major Indian industrial conglomerates,
in areas including pharmaceuticals and healthcare, and petrochemicals. He has 50 years of extensive industrial experience, both in India
and Indonesia.

Mr. Radhakrishnan
Nair
holds degrees in science, securities laws, management and law. He has around 40 years of experience in banking industry and
in the field of securities and insurance regulation. He started his banking career with Corporation Bank and also served as the Managing
Director of Corporation Bank Securities Limited. He was Executive Director at Securities and Exchange Board of India from 2005 to 2010
and Member (Finance and Investment) in the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India from 2010 to 2015. He has been a member
of various committees of International Organization of Securities Commissions and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors.

Mr. Balasubramanyam
Sriram
 is a Certificated Associate of the Indian Institute of Banking Finance (formerly known as The Indian Institute of Bankers)
and holds diplomas in international law and diplomacy from the Indian Academy of International Law & Diplomacy and management from
the All India Management Association. He has bachelors and masters degrees in science (physics) from St. Stephen’s College, Delhi
University. Mr. Sriram worked with State Bank of India for about 37 years. Mr. Sriram was Managing Director of State Bank of Bikaner
& Jaipur from 2013 to 2014, Managing Director of State Bank of India from 2014 to 2018 and Managing Director & Chief Executive
Officer of IDBI Bank Limited from June-September 2018. He is a part time member of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India.

216

Table of Contents

Ms. Vibha Paul
Rishi
 is an economics graduate from Lady Shri Ram College, Delhi University and also has a masters in business administration with
a specialisation in marketing from the Faculty of Management Studies, University of Delhi. She has worked at senior positions in branding,
strategy, innovation and human capital around the world. She started her career with the Tata Group and was part of the core team for
launching Titan watches. She was thereafter associated with PepsiCo for 17 years in leadership roles in the areas of marketing and innovation
in India, U.S. and UK. She was one of the founding team members of PepsiCo when it started operations in India. Ms. Rishi serves on the
boards and board committees of several reputed companies.

The profile of
our executive officers as at June 30, 2023 was as follows:

Mr. Sandeep
Bakhshi
is an engineer and has a masters’ degree in business administration. Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi joined ICICI Limited in the
year 1986. Over the years he has worked in various assignments at ICICI Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, ICICI
Bank Limited and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. He joined ICICI Bank Limited on June 19, 2018 as Chief Operating Officer
(Designate) and was appointed as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of ICICI Bank Limited effective October 15, 2018.

Mr. Sandeep
Batra
 is a chartered accountant and a company secretary by qualification. He joined as Chief Financial Officer of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited in the year 2000 and subsequently has held positions as Group Compliance Officer of ICICI Bank Limited,
Executive Director of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and President at ICICI Bank Limited. He was appointed as Executive
Director of ICICI Bank Limited effective December 23, 2020 and is currently responsible for technology, credit, corporate communications,
data science and analytics, finance, operations and customer service, legal, human resources and secretarial functions and has administrative
oversight over risk management, internal audit and compliance functions. He also serves on the board of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance,
ICICI Lombard General Insurance, ICICI Prudential Asset Management and ICICI Venture.

Mr. Rakesh Jha

is an engineering graduate from the Indian Institute of Technology at Delhi and a post-graduate in management from the Indian Institute
of Management, Lucknow. He joined ICICI in 1996 and has worked in various areas. He was the Group Chief Financial Officer in his previous
role. He was appointed as an Executive Director on the Board of ICICI Bank with effect from September 2, 2022. He is responsible for
the retail, small enterprises and corporate banking businesses of the Bank. He also serves on the board of ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited and ICICI Venture.

Mr. Anindya
Banerjee
 is a chartered accountant. He joined ICICI Group in 1998 and initially worked in the area of corporate banking before moving
to planning and strategy function in the corporate office. He was appointed as the Group Chief Financial Officer of the Bank with effect
from May 1, 2022. His current responsibilities include financial reporting, planning and strategy and asset-liability management.

Corporate Governance

Our corporate governance
policies recognize the accountability of the Board and the importance of making the Board transparent to all our constituents, including
employees, customers, investors and the regulatory authorities, and for demonstrating that our shareholders are the ultimate beneficiaries
of our economic activities.

Our corporate governance
framework is based on an effective majority independent Board, the separation of the Board’s supervisory role from the executive
management and the constitution of Board committees, generally comprising a majority of independent directors and most of the Committees
being chaired by independent directors, to oversee critical areas and functions of executive management.

217

Table of Contents

Our corporate governance
philosophy encompasses regulatory and legal requirements, such as the compliance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, aimed at a high level of business ethics, effective supervision
and enhancement of value for all stakeholders.

Securities and
Exchange Board of India through its notification dated June 14, 2023 (published in e-gazette on June 15, 2023) issued Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 2023 amending the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The amendments are effective from July
14, 2023, except few, which were effective from June 15, 2023. Through the same notification; Securities and Exchange Board of India
has also amended Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 by prescribing the materiality thresholds for determination of materiality of events/ information for disclosure to the stock exchange(s).

Our Board’s
role, functions, responsibility and accountability are clearly defined. In addition to its primary role of monitoring corporate performance,
the functions of our Board include:

·   approving
                                            corporate philosophy and mission;

·   participating
                                            in the formulation of strategic and business plans;

·   reviewing
                                            and approving financial plans and budgets;

·   monitoring
                                            corporate performance against strategic and business plans, including overseeing operations;

·   ensuring
                                            ethical behavior and compliance with laws and regulations;

·   reviewing
                                            and approving borrowing limits;

·   formulating
                                            exposure limits; and

·   keeping
                                            shareholders informed regarding plans, strategies and performance.

To enable our Board
of Directors to discharge these responsibilities effectively, executive management provides detailed reports on its performance to the
Board on a quarterly basis.

Our Board functions
either as a full board or through various committees constituted to oversee specific operational areas. These Board committees meet regularly.
The quorum of the Board committees was increased from at least two members to at least three members with effect from June 30, 2019,
to transact business at any Board Committee meeting and in case where the Committee comprises of two members only or where two members
are participating, then any Independent Director may attend the meeting to fulfil the requirement of three members. The constitution
and main functions of the various committees are given below.

Audit Committee

On the date of
filing of this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises of three independent directors - Mr. Uday Chitale, Mr. Subramanian Madhavan
and Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair. Mr. Uday Chitale is the Chairman of the Committee. Mr. Uday Chitale, Mr. Subramanian Madhavan and Mr. Radhakrishnan
Nair qualify as Audit Committee financial experts.

The
Audit Committee provides direction to the audit function and monitors the quality of internal and statutory audit. The responsibilities
of the Audit Committee include examining the financial statements and auditors’ report and overseeing the financial reporting process
to ensure fairness, sufficiency and credibility of financial statements, review of the quarterly and annual financial statements before
submission to the Board, review of management’s discussion and analysis, recommendation of appointment, terms of appointment, remuneration
and removal of central and branch statutory auditors and chief internal auditor, approval of payment to statutory auditors for other
permitted services rendered by them, reviewing and monitoring with the management the auditor’s independence and the performance
and effectiveness of the audit process, approval of transactions with related parties or any subsequent modifications and utilization
of loans and/or advances from/investment by the Bank in its subsidiaries. The Audit Committee also reviews the functioning of the Whistle-Blower
Policy, adequacy of internal control systems and the internal audit function, compliance with inspection and audit reports and reports
of statutory auditors, findings of internal investigations, management letters/letters on internal control weaknesses issued by statutory
auditors/internal auditors, investment in shares and advances against shares. The Audit Committee responsibilities also include reviewing
with the management the statement of uses/application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential issue,
etc.), the statement of funds utilized for the purposes other than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice and the report
submitted by the monitoring agency, monitoring the utilization of proceeds of a public or rights issue and making appropriate recommendations
to the Board to take steps in this matter, discussion on the scope of audit with external auditors, examination of reasons for substantial
defaults, if any, in payment to stakeholders, valuation of undertakings or assets, evaluation of risk management systems and scrutiny
of inter-corporate loans and investments. The Audit Committee is also empowered to appoint/oversee the work of any registered public
accounting firm, establish procedures for receipt and treatment of complaints received regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
and auditing matters and engage independent counsel as also provide for appropriate funding for compensation to be paid to any firm/advisors.
In addition, the Audit Committee also exercises oversight on the regulatory compliance function of the Bank. The Committee also considers
and comments on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger/demerger/amalgamation etc., on the Bank and its shareholders.
The Audit Committee is also empowered to approve the appointment of the Chief Financial Officer (i.e. the whole-time Finance Director
or any other person heading the finance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications, experience and background,
etc. of the candidate.

218

Table of Contents

Board Governance, Remuneration
& Nomination Committee

On the date of
filing this annual report, the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee comprises of three independent directors - Ms.
Neelam Dhawan, Mr. Girish Chandra Chaturvedi and Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram. Ms. Neelam Dhawan is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The functions of
the Committee include recommending appointments of directors to the Board, identifying persons who are qualified to become directors
and who may be appointed in senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down and recommending to the Board their appointment
and removal, formulate a criteria for the evaluation of the performance of the wholetime/independent directors and the Board and to extend
or continue the term of appointment of independent directors on the basis of the report of performance evaluation of independent directors,
recommending to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration for the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees, recommending
to the Board the remuneration (including performance bonus and perquisites) to wholetime directors and senior management personnel. The
functions also include approving the policy for and quantum of bonus payable to the members of the staff including senior management
and key managerial personnel, formulating the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director,
framing policy on Board diversity, framing guidelines for the Employees Stock Option Scheme/Employee Stock Unit Scheme and decide on
the grant of options/units to employees and wholetime directors of the Bank and its subsidiary companies.

Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee

On the date of
filing this annual report, the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee comprises of five directors - Mr. Girish Chandra Chaturvedi,
Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair, Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Mr. Uday Chitale and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Girish Chandra Chaturvedi, an independent director
and non-executive part-time Chairman of the Bank is the Chairman of the Committee.

The functions of
the Committee include review of corporate social responsibility initiatives undertaken by the ICICI Group and the ICICI Foundation for
Inclusive Growth, formulation and recommendation to the Board of a corporate social responsibility policy indicating the activities to
be undertaken by the Company and recommendation of the amount of the expenditure to be incurred on such activities, identifying the focus,
from among the themes specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), for initiatives to be undertaken by the Bank, reviewing
and recommending the annual corporate social responsibility plan to the Board with details of projects and schedule of implementation,
making recommendations to the Board with respect to the corporate social responsibility initiatives, policies and practices of the ICICI
Group, monitoring the corporate social responsibility activities, implementation and compliance with the corporate social responsibility
policy, reviewing the submissions to be made to the Board with respect to implementation of the annual corporate social responsibility
action plan including the disbursement of funds for the purposes and manner as approved, implementation of on-going projects as per approved
timelines and year-wise allocation of funds, any modifications to be suggested to on-going projects, earmarking unspent corporate social
responsibility amount, if any, in subsequent periods as prescribed in the Act and suggest deployment of any amount spent in excess of
the requirement for set-off in subsequent years, reviewing impact assessment of projects, and reviewing and implementing, if required,
any other matter related to corporate social responsibility initiatives as recommended/suggested by the Reserve Bank of India or any
other body.

219

Table of Contents

Credit Committee

On the date of
filing of this annual report, the Credit Committee comprises of four directors - Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram, Mr.
Hari L. Mundra and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Managing Director and CEO, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The
functions of the Committee include review of developments in key industrial sectors, major credit portfolios and approval of credit proposals
as per the
authorization
approved by the Board.

Customer Service Committee

On the date of
filing of this annual report, the Customer Service Committee comprises of four directors - Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Mr. Hari L. Mundra,
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, an independent director, is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The
functions of
the
Committee include review of customer service initiatives,
overseeing the functioning of the Standing Committee on Customer Service (Customer Service Council) and evolving innovative measures
for enhancing the quality of customer service and improvement in the overall satisfaction level of customers.

Fraud Monitoring Committee

On the date of
filing of this annual report, the Fraud Monitoring Committee comprises of five directors - Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair, Mr. Subramanian Madhavan,
Ms. Neelam Dhawan, Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair, an independent director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The Committee monitors
and reviews all the frauds involving an amount of Rs. 10 million and above with the objective of identifying the systemic lacunae, if
any, that facilitated perpetration of the fraud and put in place measures to rectify the same. The functions of this Committee include
identifying the reasons for delay in detection, if any, and reporting to the top management of the Bank and Reserve Bank of India on
the same. The progress of investigation and recovery position is also monitored by the Committee. The Committee also ensures that staff
accountability is examined at all levels in all the cases of frauds and action, if required, is completed quickly without loss of time.
The role of the Committee is also to review the efficacy of the remedial action taken to prevent recurrence of frauds, such as strengthening
of internal controls.

220

Table of Contents

Information Technology
Strategy Committee

On the date of
filing of this annual report, the Information Technology Strategy Committee comprises of four directors – Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram,
Ms. Neelam Dhawan, Mr. Sandeep Batra and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram, an independent director, is the Chairman of the
Committee.

The functions of
the Committee are to approve the strategy for information technology and policy documents, ensure that the information technology strategy
is aligned with business strategy, review information technology risks, ensure proper balance of information technology investments for
sustaining the Bank’s growth, oversee the aggregate funding of information technology at Bank-level, ascertain if the management
has resources to ensure the proper management of information technology risks, review contribution of information technology to business,
oversee the activities of the Digital Council, review technology from a future readiness perspective, overseeing key projects progress
and critical information technology systems performance, review of special information technology initiatives, review cyber risk, consider
the Reserve Bank of India inspection report/directives received from time to time by the Bank in the areas of information technology
and cyber security and to review the compliance of various actionables arising out of such reports/directives as may be deemed necessary
from time to time.

Risk Committee

On the date of
filing of this annual report, the Risk Committee comprises of four directors - Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, Mr. Girish Chandra Chaturvedi,
Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi and Mr. Sandeep Batra. Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, an independent director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The functions of
the Committee are to review ICICI Bank’s risk management policies pertaining to credit, market, liquidity, operational, outsourcing,
reputation risks, business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan and approve Broker Empanelment Policy and any amendments thereto.
The functions of the Committee also include setting limits on any industry or country, review of the Enterprise Risk Management framework,
risk appetite for the Bank, stress testing framework, internal capital adequacy assessment process and framework for capital allocation;
review of the Basel framework, risk dashboard covering various risks, outsourcing activities and the activities of the Asset Liability
Management Committee. The Committee has oversight on risks of subsidiaries covered under the Group Risk Management Framework. The Committee
also carries out Cyber Security risk assessment. The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer is subject
to review by the Committee. The Committee keeps the Board of Directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations
and actions to be taken. The Committee coordinates its activities with other committees, in instances where there is any overlap with
activities of such committees, as per the framework laid down by the Board of Directors.

Stakeholders Relationship
Committee

On the date of
filing of this annual report, the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee comprises of three directors - Mr. Hari L. Mundra, Mr. Uday
Chitale and Mr. Sandeep Batra. Mr. Hari L. Mundra, an independent director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The functions of
the Committee include approval and rejection of transmission of shares, bonds, debentures, issue of duplicate certificates, allotment
of securities from time to time, redressal and resolution of grievances of security holders, delegation of authority for opening and
operation of bank accounts for payment of interest/dividend.

Review Committee for
Identification of Wilful Defaulters/Non Co-operative Borrowers

The Managing Director
and CEO is the Chairman of this Committee and any two independent directors comprise the remaining members.

221

Table of Contents

The function of
the Committee is to review the order of the Committee for identification of wilful defaulters/non co-operative borrowers (a Committee
comprising wholetime directors and senior executives of the Bank to examine the facts and record the fact of the borrower being a wilful
defaulter/non co-operative borrower) and confirm the same for the order to be considered final.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted
a Group Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for our directors and all our employees. This code aims at ensuring consistent standards
of conduct and ethical business practices across the constituents of the Company and is reviewed on an annual basis. We have not granted
a waiver from any provision of the code to any of our directors or executive officers. All directors and members of the senior management
have confirmed compliance with Group Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for fiscal 2023.

Principal Accountant: Fees and
Services

The total fees
to our principal accountant relating to the audit of consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023 and the fees for
other professional services billed in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023 are as follows:

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2023
(in millions)   (in thousands)
Audit
Audit of ICICI Bank Limited and our subsidiaries   Rs.   177   Rs.   183   US$   2,227
Audit-related services   ..   ..   ..
Opinion on non-statutory accounts   ..   ..   ..
Others   9   9   110
Sub-total   186   192   2,337
Non-audit services
Tax compliance   1   1   12
Other services   3   ..   ..
Sub-total   4   1   12
Total   Rs.   190   Rs.   193   US$   2,349

Fees for “others”
under the audit services category are principally fees related to certification services. Our Audit Committee approved the fees paid
to our principal accountant relating to audit of consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2023 and fees for other professional services
billed in fiscal 2023. Our Audit Committee pre-approves all assignments undertaken for us by our principal accountant.

Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance
Practices

The following is
a summary comparison of significant differences between our corporate governance practices and those required by the New York Stock Exchange
for United States issuers.

Independent Directors

A majority (eight
of 11 as at June 30, 2023) of our Board are independent directors, as defined under applicable Indian legal requirements. Section 149
of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended from time to time and Regulation 16 the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time, have defined an independent director and specified the eligibility
criteria for a director to be classified as independent. All independent directors have given declarations that they meet the criteria
of independence as laid down under Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended and Regulation 16 of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (SEBI Listing Regulations) which have
been relied on by the Bank and were placed at the Board Meeting held on April 22, 2023. The Board has accordingly determined the independence
of these directors. Pursuant to the Companies Act, the director nominated by Government of India would not be classified as independent.
Although the judgment on independence must be made by our Board as required under the Companies Act, 2013, there is no requirement that
our Board affirmatively make such determination, in accordance with the independence test as required by the New York Stock Exchange
rules.

222

Table of Contents

Non-Management Directors
Meetings

Independent directors
are required to meet at least once in a financial year without the non-independent directors and members of the management. At such meetings,
the independent directors are required to review the performance of the Chairman of the Board, non-independent directors, Board Committees,
and the Board as a whole. The independent directors met on April 22, 2023 to carry out these reviews. Prior to this, the independent
directors had met on April 23, 2022, separately to carry out similar reviews.

Board Governance,
Remuneration & Nomination Committee and Audit Committee

All members of
our Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee are independent, as defined under applicable Indian legal requirements.
All members of our Audit Committee are independent under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. The constitution and main functions of these
committees as approved by our board are described above and comply with the spirit of the New York Stock Exchange requirements for United
States issuers.

Corporate Governance
Guidelines

Under New York
Stock Exchange rules, United States issuers are required to adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines addressing matters such
as standards of director qualification, responsibilities of directors, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education,
management succession and annual performance review of the Board of Directors. While as a foreign private issuer, we are not required
to adopt such guidelines, under the home country regulations, pursuant to the notification of the Companies Act, the Bank has disclosed
the policy on director appointments and remuneration including criteria for determining qualifications and independence of a director
in its Indian annual report to shareholders for fiscal 2023. The Bank is also required to provide a statement indicating the manner in
which formal annual evaluation has been made by the board of its own performance and that of its committees and individual directors
and this statement has been included in the Indian annual report.

Controls and Procedures

We have carried
out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) at year-end fiscal 2023.

As a result, it
has been concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to
provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required.

223

Table of Contents

However, as a result
of our evaluation, we noted certain areas where our processes and controls, including information technology related processes and controls,
could be improved. The Audit Committee monitors the resolution of any identified significant process and control improvement opportunities
to a satisfactory conclusion. We are committed to continuing to implement and improve internal controls and our risk management processes,
and this remains a key priority for us. We also have a process whereby business and financial officers throughout the Bank attest to
the accuracy of reported financial information as well as the effectiveness of disclosure controls, procedures and processes.

There are inherent
limitations to the effectiveness of any system, especially of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human
error, circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures, in a fast-changing environment or when entering new areas of business
or expanding geographic reach or deploying emerging technologies. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can
only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.

We have experienced
significant growth in a fast-changing environment, and management is aware that this may pose significant challenges to the control framework.
See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—There is operational risk associated with the financial industry
which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business
”.

Management’s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting system has been designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation and fair presentation of our published Indian GAAP consolidated financial
statements and disclosures relating to U.S. GAAP net income reconciliation, stockholders’ equity reconciliation and other disclosures
as required by U.S Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable GAAP.

Management maintains
an internal control system intended to ensure that financial reporting provides reasonable assurance that transactions are executed in
accordance with the authorizations of management and directors, assets are safeguarded and financial records are reliable.

Our internal control
over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:

·   pertain
                                            to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect in reasonable detail the
                                            transactions and dispositions of our assets;

·   provide
                                            reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
                                            financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
                                            our receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations of management
                                            and the executive directors; and

·   provide
                                            reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
                                            use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

All internal control
over financial reporting systems, no matter how well-designed, have inherent limitations, and may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness for future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.

224

Table of Contents

Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at year-end fiscal 2023 based on criteria set by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on the assessment, management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at year-end fiscal 2023. Effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting at year-end fiscal 2023 has been audited by KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP (formerly known as KPMG),
an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which is included herein.

Change in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting

No change in our
internal control over financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this annual report that has materially affected or is
reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.

Compensation and Benefits to Directors
and Officers

Remuneration

Under our organizational
documents, each of our non-executive directors, except the government director, is entitled to receive remuneration for attending each
meeting of our Board or of a Board committee. The amount of remuneration payable to non-executive directors is set by our Board from
time to time in accordance with the limits prescribed by the Companies Act and the rules thereunder. The Board of Directors has approved
the payment of Rs. 100,000 as sitting fee for attending each meeting of the Board or a Board committee.

In line with the
Reserve Bank of India guidelines, payment of fixed remuneration of Rs. 2,000,000 per annum was approved by shareholders for each non-executive
Director of the Bank (other than part-time Chairman and the Government Nominee Director). The Reserve Bank of India has approved a remuneration
of Rs. 3,500,000 per annum for the non-executive chairman. In addition, we reimburse our directors for travel and related expenses in
connection with attending Board and Committee meetings and related matters. If a director is required to perform services for us beyond
attending meetings, we may remunerate the director as determined by our Board of Directors which remuneration may be either in addition
to or as substitution for the remuneration discussed above. Non-executive directors are not entitled to the payment of any benefits at
the end of their terms of office.

Our Board or a
Committee thereof, may fix the salary and supplementary allowance payable to the wholetime directors. We are required to obtain specific
approval of the Reserve Bank of India for the actual monthly salary, supplementary allowance, annual performance bonus and employee stock
options paid each year to our wholetime directors.

In addition to
the basic salary and supplementary allowance, our executive directors are entitled to certain perquisites (evaluated as per Indian Income-Tax
rules wherever applicable, and otherwise at actual cost to the Bank in other cases) including the benefit of the Bank’s furnished
accommodation, gas, electricity, furnishings, club fees, personal and group insurance, use of car, running and maintenance of cars including
drivers, telephone or IT assets at residence or reimbursement of expenses in lieu thereof, payment of income tax on perquisites by Bank
to the extent permissible under the Income Tax Act, 1961 and rules framed thereunder, medical reimbursement, leave and leave travel concession,
education and other benefits, staff home loans, provident fund, superannuation fund, gratuity and other retirement benefits, in accordance
with the scheme(s) and rule(s) applicable from time to time to retired wholetime directors of the Bank or the members of the Staff.

225

Table of Contents

There are no service
contracts with our wholetime directors providing for benefits upon termination of their employment.

The total compensation
paid by the Bank to its directors and executive officers during fiscal 2023 was Rs. 370  million.

Bonus

Each year, our
Board of Directors awards discretionary bonuses to employees and whole-time directors on the basis of the Bank’s performance and
individual performance. The aggregate amount of bonuses and performance linked retention pay to all eligible employees of ICICI Bank
for fiscal 2023 was Rs. 20 billion.

Employee Stock Option
Scheme

ICICI Bank has
an Employees Stock Option Scheme - 2000 (Scheme 2000) which was instituted in fiscal 2000 to enable the employees and Wholetime Directors
of ICICI Bank and its subsidiaries to participate in future growth and financial success of the Bank. The Scheme 2000 aims at achieving
the twin objectives of aligning employee interest to that of the shareholders and retention. Through employee stock option grants, the
Bank seeks to foster a culture of long-term sustainable value creation. The Scheme 2000 is in compliance with the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations). The options are
granted by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee and noted/approved by the Board as the case maybe. Pursuant to
the Scheme 2000, as amended from time to time, up to 10.0% of the aggregate of issued equity shares of the Bank at the time of the grant
of stock options can be allocated under the employee stock option scheme. The stock options entitle eligible employees to apply
for equity shares. At March 31, 2023, this 10.0% limit was equivalent to 698.28 million shares, of which the Bank has granted 612.29
million options under the Scheme 2000. Employees and Directors of the Bank, its subsidiaries and its holding company are eligible employees
for grants of stock options. The Bank has no holding company. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a year
is restricted to 0.05% of the Bank’s issued equity shares at the time of the grant.

Options granted
after April 1, 2014 vest in a graded manner over a three-year period, with 30%, 30% and 40% of the options vesting on each of first three
anniversaries of the grant date respectively, except as follows:

·   For
                                            275,000 options granted in April 2014, 50% vested on April 30, 2017 and the balance 50% vested
                                            on April 30, 2018.

·   For
                                            34,362,900 options granted in September 2015, 50% vested on April 30, 2018 and the balance
                                            50% vested on April 30, 2019.

·   For
                                            300,000 options granted in January 2018, 100% vested at the end of four years from the date
                                            of grant.

·   For
                                            188,000 options granted in May 2018, 50% vested on May 7, 2021 and the balance 50% vested
                                            on May 7, 2022.

226

Table of Contents

Options granted
prior to April 1, 2014 vested in a graded manner over a four-year period, with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of the options vesting on each of
the first four anniversaries of the grant date, except as follows:

·   Options
                                            granted in April 2009 vested in a graded manner over a five-year period with 20%, 20%, 30%
                                            and 30% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 24 months from the
                                            date of the grant.

·   For
                                            the options granted in February 2011, 50% of the options vested on April 30, 2014 and 50%
                                            vested on April 30, 2015.

·   Options
                                            granted in September 2011 vested in a graded manner over a five-year period with 15%, 20%,
                                            20% and 45% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 24 months from
                                            the date of grant.

The price for options
granted is equal to the closing price on the stock exchange which recorded the highest trading volume preceding the date of grant of
options. Options granted in February 2011 were granted at an exercise price which was approximately 3.0% below the closing price preceding
the date of grant of options.

Pursuant to the
approval of shareholders in June 2017, the exercise period is such period not exceeding ten years from the date of vesting of options
as may be determined by the Board of Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant. In September 2018, the shareholders
approved the change in exercise period to not exceeding five years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board
Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for all future grants effective May 2018.

The following table
sets forth certain information regarding the stock option grants made to employees under the Scheme 2000 at March 31,
2023. The Bank granted all of these stock options at no cost to its employees. Options granted include grants to wholetime directors
and employees of subsidiaries of the Bank. The Bank has not granted any stock options to its non-executive directors.

The following table
sets forth certain information regarding the options granted by the Bank at March 31, 2023.

Particulars   ICICI Bank
Options granted (net of lapsed)   612,293,716
Options vested   586,787,157
Options exercised   387,267,913
Options forfeited/lapsed   110,647,798
Amount realized by exercise of options   Rs.   52,052,123,872
Total number of options in force   225,025,803
Weighted average exercise price of options in force   Rs.   361.60

See
also “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes—Note 18
” under U. S. GAAP included herein.

227

Table of Contents

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company has an employees stock option scheme, which allows that the aggregate number of shares issued or issuable since
March 31, 2016 pursuant to the exercise of any options granted to eligible employees, shall not exceed a figure equivalent to 3.54% of
the number of shares issued at March 31, 2016. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall
not exceed 0.1% of the issued shares of the Company at the time of grant of options. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company had 23,942,115
stock options outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2023.

ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company has an employee stock option scheme, which allows up to 7.0% of the issued capital to be allocated to employee stock
options. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.1% of the issued shares
of the Company at the time of grant of options. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company had 12,646,890 employee stock options outstanding
(net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2023.

ICICI Securities
Limited has an employees stock option scheme, which allows up to 5.0% of the issued capital to be allocated to employee stock options.
The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.1% of the issued shares of the
Company at the time of grant of options. ICICI Securities Limited had 4,146,544 employee stock options outstanding (net of forfeited
or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2023.

Employees Stock Unit Scheme

The Board of Directors
of ICICI Bank Limited at its meeting held on June 28, 2022, approved the adoption of Employees Stock Unit Scheme - 2022 (Scheme 2022),
which was subsequently approved by the members at the annual general meeting held on August 30, 2022.

The key objectives
of the Scheme 2022 are to deepen the co-ownership amongst the (i) mid level and front-line managers, and (ii) employees of Bank’s
select unlisted wholly owned subsidiaries with the following key considerations:

i.   to enable employees’ participation
                                            in the business as an active stakeholder to usher in an ”Owner-Manager” culture
                                            and to act as a retention mechanism;

ii.   to enhance motivation of employees;
                                            and

iii.   to enable employees to participate
                                            in the long term growth and financial success of the Bank.

The Scheme 2022
is in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

Maximum of 100,000,000
Units, shall be granted in one or more tranches over a period of seven years from the date of approval of the Scheme 2022 by the shareholders,
which shall entitle the Unit holder one fully paid-up equity share of face value of Rs. 2 of the Bank (as adjusted for any changes in
capital structure of the Bank) against each Unit exercised and accordingly, up to 100,000,000 equity shares of face value of Rs. 2 each
shall be allotted to all eligible employees taken together under the Scheme 2022.

Units granted under
the Scheme 2022 shall vest not later than the maximum vesting period of four years. Exercise price shall be the face value of equity
shares of the Bank i.e. Rs. 2 for each unit (as adjusted for any changes in capital structure of the Bank).

The Bank had not
granted any units under employees stock unit scheme to its employees during fiscal 2023.

228

Table of Contents

Loans

The Bank has internal
rules for grant of loans to employees and executive directors to acquire certain assets such as property, vehicles and other consumer
durables at significantly lower interest rates than the market rate. The Bank’s loans to employees have been made at interest rates
ranging from 2.5% to 3.5% per annum and are repayable over fixed periods of time. The loans are generally secured by the assets acquired
by the employees. Pursuant to the Banking Regulation Act, the Bank’s non-executive directors are not eligible for any loans. At
year-end fiscal 2023, outstanding loans to the Bank’s employees totaled Rs. 10.7 billion compared to Rs. 9.5 billion at year-end
fiscal 2022. This amount included loans to certain executive directors amounting to Rs. 85.4 million at year-end fiscal 2023 compared
to Rs. 137.6 million at year-end fiscal 2022, made on the same terms, including as to interest rates and collateral, as loans to other
employees. Loans to executive directors are given after approval by the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
Related Party Transactions
”.

Gratuity

The Bank pays gratuity
to employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service and, in the case of employees at overseas locations,
in accordance with the rules in force in the respective countries. The Bank makes contributions to gratuity funds for employees which
are administered by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

Actuarial valuation
of the gratuity liability for all the above funds is determined by an actuary appointed by the Bank. Actuarial valuation of gratuity
liability is determined based on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per
the projected unit credit method.

The accounts of
the fund are audited by independent auditors. The total corpus of the fund at year-end fiscal 2023 based on its audited financial statements
was Rs. 14.0 billion compared to Rs. 13.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2022.

Superannuation Fund

The Bank contributes
upto 15% of the total annual basic salary and dearness allowance (if applicable) to a superannuation fund in respect of the employees
to whom it applies. The Bank’s employees may elect on retirement or resignation to receive one-third or one-half, depending on
the tenure of service, of the total balance as commutation and a periodic pension based on the remaining balance. In the event of the
death of an employee, his or her beneficiary receives the remaining accumulated balance, if eligible. The Bank also gives a cash option
to its employees, allowing them to receive the amount that would otherwise be contributed by the Bank in their monthly salary during
their employment. The superannuation fund is administered by Life Insurance Corporation of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited. Employees have the option to choose between funds administered by the Life Insurance Corporation of India and ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. The total corpus of the superannuation fund was Rs. 5.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 compared
to Rs. 5.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2022.

Provident Fund

The Bank is statutorily
required to maintain a provident fund as part of its retirement benefits to its employees. The provident fund, to which both ICICI Bank
and its employees contribute a defined amount, is a savings scheme under which ICICI Bank at present is required to pay to employees
a minimum annual return as specified from time to time, which was specified at 8.15% for fiscal 2023. If such return is not generated
internally by the fund, ICICI Bank is liable for the difference. There are separate provident funds for employees inducted from merged
entities (Bank of Madura, The Bank of Rajasthan and Sangli Bank) and for other employees of the Bank. These funds are managed by in-house
trustees. Each employee contributes 12.0% of his or her basic salary and dearness allowance (if applicable) and the Bank contributes
an equal amount to the funds. Out of the 12% of employer contribution, 8.33% subject to a maximum of Rs. 1,250 contributed per employee
to the Employee Pension Scheme with Employee Provident Fund Organization. Pursuant to Supreme Court judgement in November 2022, certain
eligible employees are given an option to contribute the entire 8.33% to employee pension scheme with Employee Provident Fund Organization.
The investments of the funds are made according to rules prescribed by the Government of India. The accounts of the funds are audited
by independent auditors. The total corpuses of the funds for employees inducted from merged entities and other employees of the Bank
at year-end fiscal 2023, based on their audited financial statements, amount to Rs. 1.8 billion and Rs. 47.7 billion respectively, as
compared to Rs. 2.2 billion and Rs. 42.2 billion, respectively, at year-end fiscal 2022.

229

Table of Contents

Pension Fund

The Bank provides
for pension, a deferred retirement plan covering certain employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. The
plan provides for pension payments, including dearness relief, on a monthly basis to these employees on their retirement based on the
respective employee’s salary and years of service with the Bank. For the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan
employees in service, funds are managed by the trust and the liability is funded as per actuarial valuation. The trust purchases annuities
from the Life Insurance Corporation of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited as part of its master policies for payment
of pension to retired employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. Employees covered by the pension plan
are not eligible for employer’s contribution under the provident fund plan. The corpus, based on audited financial statements at
year-end fiscal 2023 was Rs. 17.7 billion compared to Rs. 18.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2022.

National Pension Scheme

National Pension
Scheme is a voluntary, defined contribution retirement savings scheme. The Bank contributes up to 10% of basic salary to National Pension
Scheme for employees who opt to participate in the scheme. These funds are invested by Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority
and are regulated by professional fund managers as per the investment option selected by the respective employees. At the time of retirement,
up to 60% of the accumulated contributions (including returns thereon) can be withdrawn as lump-sum by the employee. The residual accumulated
contributions need to be used for the purchase of a life annuity from a Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority empaneled life
insurance company. The Bank has contributed Rs. 279.8 million for fiscal 2023 (fiscal 2022: Rs. 224.8 million) to National Pension Scheme
for employees who opted for the scheme.

Interest of Management
in Certain Transactions

Except as otherwise
stated in this annual report, no amount or benefit has been paid or given to any of our directors or executive officers.

230

Table of Contents

Supervision
and Regulation

The
following description is a summary of certain sector-specific laws and regulations in India that are applicable to us. The information
detailed in this chapter has been obtained from publications available in the public domain. The regulations set out below are not exhaustive,
and are only intended to provide general information.

The
key legislation governing banking companies in India is the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. The provisions of the Banking Regulation Act
are in addition to and not, save as expressly provided in the Banking Regulation Act, in derogation of the Companies Act and any other
law currently in force. Other important laws which govern banking companies in India include the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 and
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, Payment and Settlement System Act, 2007, Securitization and Reconstruction of Financial Assets
and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002, Negotiable Instrument Act, 1881 and Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016 as amended from
time to time. Additionally, the Reserve Bank of India, from time to time, issues guidelines to be followed by banks. Compliance with
all regulatory requirements is evaluated with respect to financial statements under Indian GAAP. Banking companies in India are also
governed by the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and if such companies are listed on a stock exchange in India, then various regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India additionally apply to such companies.

Reserve
Bank of India Regulations

The
Banking Regulation Act requires a company to obtain a license from the Reserve Bank of India to carry on banking business in India. This
license is subject to such conditions as the Reserve Bank of India may choose to impose, such as, but not limited to, the bank having
adequate capital and earnings prospects, the bank having the ability to pay its present and future depositors in full as their claims
accrue, and that the affairs of the bank will not be or are not likely to be conducted in a manner detrimental to the interests of present
or future depositors. The Reserve Bank of India can cancel the license if the bank, at any point, fails to meet the required conditions
or if the bank ceases to carry on banking operations in India.

ICICI
Bank is regulated and supervised by the Reserve Bank of India because it is licensed as a banking company. The Reserve Bank of India
requires us to furnish statements and information relating to our business. It has issued, among others, guidelines for commercial banks
relating to banking activities and prudential guidelines relating to recognition of income, classification of assets, provisioning, exposure
norms on concentration risk, valuation of investments and maintenance of capital adequacy. The Reserve Bank of India carries out its
risk assessment of banks, under its risk based supervision exercise, on an annual basis. The Reserve Bank of India has also set up a
Board for Financial Supervision (“BFS”), under the chairmanship of the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India. The primary
objective of BFS is to undertake consolidated supervision of the financial sector comprising Scheduled Commercial and Co-operative Banks,
All India Financial Institutions, Local Area Banks, Small Finance Banks, Payments Banks, Credit Information Companies, Non-Banking Finance
Companies and Primary Dealers.

231

Table of Contents

Requirements
of the Banking Regulation Act

Prohibited
Business

The
Banking Regulation Act specifies the business activities in which a bank may engage. Banks are prohibited from engaging in business activities
other than the specified activities.

Reserve
Fund

Any
bank incorporated in India is required to create a reserve fund to which it must transfer not less than 25.0% of its annual profits before
dividends. A bank is required to report any appropriation from this account to the Reserve Bank of India within 21 days, explaining the
circumstances leading to such appropriation. The Government of India may, on the recommendation of the Reserve Bank of India, exempt
a bank from requirements relating to its reserve fund.

Restriction
on Share Capital

Banks
were earlier permitted to issue only ordinary shares. In 2013, the Banking Regulation Act was amended to, inter alia, permit banks to
also issue preference shares. However, guidelines governing the issuance of preference shares are yet to be issued.

Ownership
and Voting Restrictions

The
Government of India regulates foreign ownership in Indian banks. Foreign investors (including indirect foreign investment) may own up
to 74.0% of the equity share capital of a private sector bank in India subject to rules and regulations issued by the Government of India
and the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. While foreign investment of up to 49.0% in private sector banks is under automatic route
and does not require any specific approval, foreign investments beyond 49.0% and up to 74.0% require prior approval of the Government
of India, unless such investments are otherwise exempted from the requirement for approval. Investments by foreign investors exempted
from the requirement for Government of India approval include certain aggregate foreign portfolio investments up to 49.0% or the relevant
sectoral cap (whichever is lower) that do not result in the transfer of ownership or control from Indian residents to non-resident investors,
and foreign investment through rights and bonus issues fulfilling certain conditions. Additionally, in the case of proposals requiring
prior approval of the Government of India, such proposals involving total foreign equity inflow of more than Rs. 50.0 billion, also require
approval of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.

In
January 2023, Reserve Bank of India has issued Guidelines on Acquisition and Holding of Shares or Voting Rights in Banking Companies
with regard to shareholding in banking company. As per the guidelines, banks are required to have board approved fit and proper criteria
for major shareholders (shareholders holding 5.0% or more of the paid up share capital, along with relatives, associate enterprises and
persons acting in concert) and continuously monitor the fit and proper status of major shareholders including the information on change
in Significant Beneficial Owner (SBO) of its major shareholder. If aggregate holding of a major shareholder falls below 5%, fresh Reserve
Bank of India approval to be sought for raising it again to 5% or above.

232

Table of Contents

Voting
rights are capped at 26.0% for a single shareholder. However, any acquisition of shareholding/voting rights of 5.0% or more will require
the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India.

Regulatory
Reporting and Examination Procedures

The
Reserve Bank of India is responsible for supervising the Indian banking system under various provisions of the Banking Regulation Act,
1949 and the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. The supervision framework is evolving over a period of time and the Reserve Bank of India
has been progressively moving in line with Basel “Core Principles for Effective Banking Supervision”. The existing supervisory
framework has been modified towards establishing a risk based supervision framework.

This
framework is intended to make the supervisory process for banks more efficient and effective, with the Reserve Bank of India applying
differentiated supervision to each bank based on its risk profile. A detailed qualitative and quantitative assessment of the bank’s
risk is conducted by the supervisor on an ongoing basis and a Risk Assessment Report is issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve
Bank of India has designated a senior supervisory manager for the banks under this framework who will be the single point of contact
for a designated bank.

We
have been subject to supervision under this framework since fiscal 2013. The Reserve Bank of India also discusses the report with our
management team, including the Chairman of the Bank, the Chairman of the Audit Committee, and the Managing Director and CEO. The risk
assessment report, along with the report on actions taken by us, has to be placed before our Board of Directors. On approval by our board
of directors, we are required to submit the report on actions taken by us to the Reserve Bank of India. See also, “
—Loan
Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets—Asset Classification
.”

Appointment
and Remuneration of the Chairman, Managing Director and Other Directors

We
are required to obtain prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India before we appoint our chairman, managing director and any other executive
directors and fix their remuneration. The Reserve Bank of India is authorized to remove an appointee from the posts of chairman, managing
director and other executive directors on the grounds of public interest, interest of depositors or to ensure our proper management.
Further, the Reserve Bank of India may order meetings of our Board of Directors to discuss any matter in relation to us, appoint observers
to such meetings and in general may make such changes to the management as it may deem necessary and may also order the convening of
a general meeting of our shareholders to elect new directors. We cannot appoint as a director any person who is a director of another
banking company. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on “fit and proper” criteria for directors of banks. Our
directors must satisfy the requirements of these guidelines.

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on the compensation of wholetime directors/chief executive officers/risk takers and control
function staff of private sector and foreign banks operating in India. The guidelines include principles for effective governance of
compensation, alignment of compensation with risk taking and effective supervisory oversight and engagement by stakeholders. The guidelines
also specify the proportion of cash and non-cash components that may be included in the variable pay. Banks are also required to put
in place appropriate modalities to incorporate a malus and clawback mechanism with respect to misconduct and risk, as well as mandatory
imposition in the case of divergence in non-performing assets and provisioning beyond the Reserve Bank of India prescribed thresholds
for public disclosure.

233

Table of Contents

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on compensation of non-executive directors of private sector banks. According to the guidelines,
the Board of Directors, in consultation with its remuneration committee, should formulate and adopt a comprehensive compensation policy
for the non-executive directors (other than the part-time, non-executive chairman). In the policy, the Board may provide for the payment
of compensation in the form of a profit-related commission, subject to the bank making profits. Such compensation should not exceed Rs.
1 million per annum for each director. Further, as per Reserve Bank of India guideline on Corporate Governance in Banks - Appointment
of Directors and Constitution of Committees of the Board dated April 26, 2021, in addition to sitting fees and expenses related to attending
meetings of the board and its committees as per extant statutory norms, the bank may provide for payment of compensation to non-executive
directors in the form of a fixed remuneration commensurate with an individual director’s responsibilities and demands on time and
which are considered sufficient to attract qualified competent individuals. However, such fixed remuneration for a non-executive director,
other than the chair of the board, shall not exceed Rs. 2.0 million per annum. Further, private sector banks have to obtain prior approval
of the Reserve Bank of India for granting remuneration to the part-time, non-executive chairman under Section 10B(1A)(i) and 35B of the
Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

The
Reserve Bank of India has also issued guidelines on minimum qualifications and experience required while inviting application for the
position of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Technology Officer in banks.

Penalties

The
Reserve Bank of India may impose penalties on banks and their employees in case of infringement of regulations under the Banking Regulation
Act. The penalty may be a fixed amount or may be related to the amount involved in any contravention of the regulations. The penalty
may also include imprisonment.

Assets
to be Maintained in India

Every
bank is required to ensure that its assets in India (including import-export bills drawn in India and the Reserve Bank of India approved
securities, even if the bills and the securities are held outside India) are not less than 75.0% of its demand and time liabilities in
India.

Restriction
on Creation of Floating Charge

Prior
approval of the Reserve Bank of India is required for creating floating charge on our undertaking or property. Currently, all of our
borrowings, including bonds, are unsecured.

234

Table of Contents

Maintenance
of Records

Banks
are required to maintain books, records and registers. The Banking Regulation Act specifically requires banks to maintain books and records
in a particular manner and file the same with the Registrar of Companies on a periodic basis. The provisions for production of documents
and availability of records for inspection by shareholders as stipulated under the Companies Act and the rules thereunder would apply
to us as in the case of any company. The Know Your Customer Guidelines framed by the Reserve Bank of India also provide for certain records
to be updated at regular intervals. As per the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, records of a transaction are to be preserved
for five years from the date of the transaction between a customer and the bank. The Know-Your-Customer records are required to be preserved
for a period of five years from the date of cessation of relationship with the customer. The Banking Companies (Period of Preservation
of Records) Rules, 1985 requires such records to be preserved for eight years. The Banking Companies (Period of Preservation of Records)
Rules, 1985 requires a bank’s records of books, accounts and other documents relating to stock and share registers to be maintained
for a period of eight years.

The
Reserve Bank of India has advised system providers to ensure that data relating to payment systems operated by them are stored only in
a system located in India. The data should include the full end-to-end transaction details/information collected/carried/processed as
part of the message/payment instruction. For the foreign leg of the transaction, if any, the data can also be stored in the foreign country,
if required. For directions notified by CERT-In relating to obligation on maintenance of logs of the information and communications technology
systems, see
“
—
Information Technology and Cyber
Security.”

Governance
of Banks

As
part of steps taken to strengthen risk management in banks, the Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines which aim to separate the
credit risk management function from the credit approval process and also bring uniformity in the approach followed by banks. As per
the guidelines, a board approved policy defining the role and responsibilities of the Chief Risk Officer has to be established, with
clearly defined reporting lines either to the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer or the risk management committee of the bank.
The Chief Risk Officer should not have a dual role, report into any business vertical or be given any business targets. The Chief Risk
Officer can be removed or transferred only with the approval of the Board. In April 2021, the Reserve Bank of India issued instructions
with regard to the Chair and meetings of the board, composition of certain committees of the board, age, tenure and remuneration of directors,
and appointment of wholetime directors of banks. The instructions are applicable to private sector banks including small finance banks
and wholly owned subsidiaries of foreign banks. As per the guidelines, the Chair of the board has to be an independent director, and
the quorum of the board meetings shall be one-third of the total strength of the board or three directors, whichever is higher. The audit
committee and the nomination and remuneration committee shall be constituted with only non-executive directors and the risk management
committee shall be constituted with majority of non-executive directors. The upper age limit for non-executive directors, including the
Chair, is 75 years and the total tenure of a non-executive director on the board of a bank cannot exceed eight years. A re-appointment
of the director after completing eight years can be considered after a minimum gap of three years. A wholetime director cannot continue
in the post after 15 years, and any reappointment can be considered only after a gap of three years.

235

Table of Contents

In
2020, the Reserve Bank of India advised that as part of a robust compliance system, banks are required to have an effective compliance
culture, independent compliance function and a strong compliance risk management programme. As per the guidelines, banks shall have a
board-approved compliance policy explaining its compliance philosophy, expectations on compliance culture, role of Chief Compliance Officer
(“CCO”), processes for managing and reporting on compliance risk throughout the bank. Banks are required to develop and maintain
a quality assurance and improvement program covering all aspects of the compliance function and such programs are subject to an independent
external review periodically (at least once in every three years). The policy shall be reviewed at least once a year. The selection of
the candidate for the post of the COO shall be done on the basis of a well-defined selection process and recommendations made by the
senior executive level selection committee constituted by the Board for this purpose. The COO shall be appointed for a minimum fixed
tenure of not less than three years.

Appointment
of auditors

The
appointment of the statutory auditors of banks is subject to the approval of the Reserve Bank of India. In April 2021, the Reserve Bank
of India issued revised guidelines for the appointment of statutory auditors and statutory central auditors, of Commercial Banks (excluding
Regional Rural Banks), Primary (Urban) Co-operative Banks and Non-Banking Finance Companies including Housing Finance Companies (hereinafter
referred to as the entities). The appointment tenure reduced from four years to three years. An audit firm would not be eligible for
reappointment in the same entity for six years (two tenures) after completion of full or part of one term of the audit tenure. The time
gap between any non-audit works (services mentioned at Section 144 of Companies Act, 2013, Internal assignments, special assignments)
by the statutory auditors and statutory central auditors for the Entities or any audit/non-audit works for its Reserve Bank of India
regulated group entities should be at least one year, before or after its appointment as statutory auditors and statutory central auditors.
However, if an audit firm engaged with audit/non-audit works for the group entities (which are not regulated by the Reserve Bank of India)
is being considered by any of the Reserve Bank of India regulated Entities in the Group for appointment as statutory auditors and statutory
central auditors, it would be the responsibility of the Board of the concerned Reserve Bank of India regulated entity to ensure that
there is no conflict of interest and independence of auditors is ensured, and this should be suitably recorded in the minutes of the
meetings of board.

Further,
for entities with an asset size of Rs. 150.0 billion and above, the statutory audit will have to be conducted under joint audit by at
least two audit firms. The Reserve Bank of India can direct a special audit in the interest of the depositors or in the public interest.
The Reserve Bank of India has also put in place a graded enforcement action framework to enable appropriate action in respect of statutory
auditors where any lapses in conducting a bank’s statutory audit have been observed. Lapses that would be considered for invoking
the enforcement framework include misstatement of a bank’s financial statements, wrong certifications, wrong information given
in the Long Form Audit Report, and variances in audited financial statements found during the Reserve Bank of India’s inspection
and non-adherence to instructions and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

236

Table of Contents

Restrictions
on Payment of Dividends

The
Banking Regulation Act requires banks to completely write off capitalized expenses and transfer 20.0% of the disclosed yearly profit
to a reserve account before declaring a dividend. Banks have to comply with prudential requirements to be eligible to declare dividends.

Capital
Adequacy Requirements

We
are required to comply with the Reserve Bank of India’s capital adequacy guidelines. The Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III
guidelines prescribe a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-weighted capital ratio of 5.5%, a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of
7.0% and a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 9.0%. The guidelines require banks to maintain a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation
buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets above the minimum requirements to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary
bonus payments.

We
were declared a systemically important bank in India by the Reserve Bank of India in 2015, and have continued to be categorized as a
systemically important bank in India in subsequent years.
The additional common equity Tier 1 requirement
for us is 0.20% of risk-weighted assets.

The
Reserve Bank of India requires maintenance of a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0% for domestic systemically important banks.

The
Reserve Bank of India released the final guidelines on implementation of the counter-cyclical capital buffer for Indian banks in 2015.
These guidelines would impose higher capital requirements on banks during periods of high economic growth. The Reserve Bank of India
would pre-announce the buffer at least four quarters prior to implementation. The Reserve Bank of India will also announce guidance regarding
the treatment of the surplus capital when the counter-cyclical capital buffer returns to zero. At present, the Reserve Bank of India
has not activated the counter-cyclical capital buffer.

See
also
“Risk Factors— Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector – We are subject to
capital adequacy requirements stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel III, as well as general market expectations regarding
the level of capital adequacy large Indian private sector banks should maintain, and any inability to maintain adequate capital due to
changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses”
and “ – Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector – We are subject to liquidity requirements
of the Reserve Bank of India, and any inability to maintain adequate liquidity due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital
markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.”

With
respect to computation of risk-weighted assets for capital adequacy purposes, we follow the standardized approach for the measurement
of credit and market risks and the basic indicator approach for the measurement of operational risk.

237

Table of Contents

Under
Pillar 2 of the Basel framework, banks are required to develop and put in place, with the approval of their boards, an Internal Capital
Adequacy Assessment Process commensurate with their size, level of complexity, risk profile and scope of operations. The Reserve Bank
of India has also issued guidelines on stress testing to advise banks to put in place appropriate stress testing policies and frameworks,
including “sensitivity tests” and “scenario tests”, for the various risk factors, the details and results of
which are included in the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process. As per Reserve Bank of India guidelines on stress testing, banks
have to carry out stress tests for credit risk and market risk to assess their ability to withstand shocks. The guidelines relate to
the overall objectives, governance, design and implementation of stress-testing program. Banks are required to carry out risk factor-based
stress testing, scenario-based stress testing and stress testing by employing shocks on a bank’s portfolio at a standalone and
group level. In addition, banks are also required to create a reverse stress testing framework. Banks are classified into three categories
based on size of risk-weighted assets. Complex and severe stress testing would be carried out by banks with risk-weighted assets of more
than Rs. 2,000.0 billion.

Prompt
Corrective Action by the Reserve Bank of India

The
Prompt Corrective Action framework is a framework under which banks with weak financial condition are put under watch by the Reserve
Bank of India and subject to restrictions on operations and business. As per the guidelines, a bank may be placed under the framework
at any point in time, if it is found to breach any of the parameters prescribed. In November 2021, the Reserve Bank of India reviewed
and revised the existing Framework on Prompt Corrective Action (“PCA”). The key criteria for invocation of the PCA include
(i) falling below a capital adequacy ratio of 10.25% and/or below a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.75%, (ii) exceeding net non-performing
asset ratio of 6.0%, or (iii) a leverage ratio of below 4.0%.

Depending
upon the extent of breach, the bank may be classified into three risk thresholds and will be accordingly restricted from business expansion
and other mandatory action for resolution. Depending on the risk threshold, the actions may include restriction on capital expenditure
(other than for technological upgradation within Board approved limits). A bank breaching the risk threshold where the common equity
Tier 1 falls below 3.625% could be considered for resolution through tools like amalgamation, reconstruction and winding-up.

Discretionary
Corrective Actions now include resolution of the bank by amalgamation or reconstruction (Ref. Section 45 of Banking Regulation Act 1949);
a prohibition on expansion of credit/ investment portfolios, other than investment in government securities and other high quality liquid
investments; restrictions on or reduction in variable operating costs; and restrictions on or reduction of outsourcing activities and
new borrowings.

Exit
from being subject to prompt corrective action and withdrawal of restrictions may be considered in the following scenario: (i) if no
breaches in risk thresholds in any of the parameters are observed as per four continuous quarterly financial statements, one of which
should be an audited annual financial statement (subject to assessment by Reserve Bank of India), or (ii) based on supervisory comfort
of the Reserve Bank of India, including an assessment on sustainability of profitability of the bank.

Legal
Reserve Requirements

Cash
Reserve Ratio

238

Table of Contents

A
bank is required to maintain a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities, excluding interbank deposits, by way of cash
reserve with itself and by way of balance in current account with the Reserve Bank of India. In May 2022, the Reserve Bank of India increased
the cash reserve ratio by 50 basis points from 4.00% to 4.50% of net demand and time liabilities, effective from the reporting fortnight
beginning May 21, 2022.

Statutory
Liquidity Ratio

In
addition to the cash reserve ratio, a bank is required to maintain a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities by way
of liquid assets like cash, gold or approved unencumbered securities. Investments in sovereign gold bonds are also allowed to be considered
in the calculation of statutory liquidity ratio. Currently, the statutory liquidity ratio is at 18.0%, effective since April 2020.

Liquidity
Coverage Ratio

In
line with the Basel III framework, banks in India are required to maintain a minimum liquidity coverage ratio which is a ratio of the
stock of high quality liquid assets to total net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar days under certain prescribed stressed conditions.
The liquidity coverage ratio is designed to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered high quality liquid assets
to meet any acute liquidity requirements over a hypothetical stressed period lasting 30 days and the requirement was phased in over time.
A minimum liquidity coverage ratio requirement of 100.0% is required.

Further,
as per guidelines issued on liquidity standards, the Reserve Bank of India allows banks, under certain stressed conditions, to avail
themselves of a special liquidity facility against certain securities classified as level one high quality liquid assets. The facility,
called the Facility to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio, is operated by the Reserve Bank of India.

Banks
are allowed to avail of funds under the marginal standing facility by dipping into the statutory liquidity ratio upto an additional 2%
of a bank’s net demand and time liabilites.

The
Reserve Bank of India has permitted the banks to include government securities as Level 1 high quality liquid assets under the facility
to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio within the mandatory statutory liquidity ratio requirement of up to 16% of the Bank’s
net demand and time liabilites and government securities, to the extent allowed under the marginal standing facility in addition to other
eligible assets.

Net
Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on net stable funding ratio. The ratio promotes resilience over a longer time horizon by
requiring banks to fund their activities with more stable sources on an ongoing basis. The net stable funding ratio is defined as the
amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable funding. Banks are required to maintain a ratio of at least
100.0% on an ongoing basis.

239

Table of Contents

Regulations
Relating to Advancing Loans

The
provisions of the Banking Regulation Act govern the advancing of loans by banks in India. The Reserve Bank of India also issues directions
covering the loan activities of banks. These directions and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India have been consolidated in
the Master Circular on “Loans and Advances—Statutory and Other Restrictions.”

Banks
are free to determine their own lending rates but each bank must disclose its minimum interest rate which takes into consideration all
elements of lending rates that are common across borrowers.

Interest
rates on all new floating rate retail loans and loans to micro, small and medium enterprises extended by banks are required to be linked
to an external benchmark. The external benchmark include the Reserve Bank of India policy repo rate, Government of India 91-day treasury
bill yield, Government of India 182-day treasury bill yield or any other benchmark market interest rate produced by Financial Benchmarks
India Private Limited.

Banks
are free to offer floating rate loans to other types of borrowers (i.e., corporate borrowers) either on external benchmark or marginal
cost of funds based lending rate which is the internal benchmark for such purposes. Banks have to review and publish their marginal cost
of funds based lending rate every month on a preannounced date for different maturities, ranging from overnight rate up to one year basis
methodology, prescribed by Reserve Bank of India for computation of marginal cost of funds based lending rate.

There
shall be no lending below the benchmark rate for a particular maturity for all loans linked to that benchmark.

Under
Section 20(1) of the Banking Regulation Act, a bank cannot grant any loans and advances against the security of its own shares and a
banking company is prohibited from entering into any commitment for granting any loans or advances to or on behalf of any of its directors,
or any firm in which any of its directors is interested as partner, manager, employee or guarantor, or any company (not being a subsidiary
of the banking company or a company registered under Section 25 of the Companies Act, 1956 or a government company) of which, or the
subsidiary or the holding company of which any of the directors of the bank is a director, managing agent, manager, employee or guarantor
or in which he holds substantial interest, or any individual in respect of whom any of its directors is a partner or guarantor. There
are certain exemptions in this regard as the explanation to the section provides that “loans or advances” shall not include
any transaction which the Reserve Bank of India may specify by general or special order as not being a loan or advance for the purpose
of this section.

There
are guidelines on loans against equity shares in respect of amount, margin requirement and purpose. The Reserve Bank of India has issued
guidelines requiring banks to put in place a policy for exposure to real estate with the approval of their boards. The Reserve Bank of
India has also permitted banks to extend financial assistance to Indian companies for acquisition of equity in overseas joint ventures
or wholly owned subsidiaries or in other overseas companies, new or existing, as strategic investment. Banks are not permitted to finance
acquisitions by companies in India.

240

Table of Contents

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued instructions regarding sharing of information relating to credit, derivatives and unhedged foreign currency
exposures among banks and to put in place an effective mechanism for information sharing. Under this framework, approval of fresh loans
and renewal of loans to new and existing borrowers should be done only after obtaining/sharing necessary information.

The
Reserve Bank of India guidelines for delivery of bank credit require that for borrowers having an aggregate fund-based working capital
limit of Rs. 1.5 billion and above from the banking system, a minimum loan component of 60.0% on the fund-based working capital limits
is applicable. Drawing in excess of the minimum loan component threshold would be allowed in the form of cash credit/overdraft facility.
The amount and tenor of the loan component may be fixed by banks in consultation with the borrowers, subject to the tenor of the loan
component not being less than seven days.

Based
on the “Recommendations of the Working group on Digital Lending – Implementation” dated August 10, 2022, Reserve Bank
of India issued “Guidelines on Digital Lending” on September 2, 2022. The requirements of the guidelines include calculation
of Annual Percentage Rate (APR) and displaying the same in the prescribed format of Key Fact Statement (KFS), providing KFS to the customer,
appointing Nodal Grievance Redressal Officer for dealing with complaints/issues related to digital lending, providing cooling off /look
up periods during which the borrower can foreclose the loan without paying any penalty, providing digitally signed documents to the borrowers
and other requirements. To provide clarity on certain aspects of the guidelines, Reserve Bank of India issued Frequently Asked Questions
(FAQ) on Digital Lending Guidelines (DLG) on February 14, 2023.

Directed
Lending

Priority
Sector Lending

The
guidelines on lending to priority sector require commercial banks to lend a certain percentage of bank credit to specific sectors (the
priority sectors) such as agriculture, small, micro and medium enterprises, education, housing sector, social infrastructure, renewable
energy and loans to start-ups.

The
Reserve Bank of India’s total priority sector target is 40.0% of adjusted net bank credit (“ANBC”) or of the credit
equivalent amount of off-balance sheet exposure (“CEOBE”), whichever is higher, with sub-targets of 7.5% to micro enterprises
within the overall target of 18.0% in agriculture. The target for lending to small and marginal farmers has been increased from 9.0%
in fiscal 2022, to 9.5% in fiscal 2023 and will be increased further to 10.0% in fiscal 2024. The target for lending to identified weaker
sections of society has been increased from 11.0% in fiscal 2022, to 11.5% in fiscal 2023 and will be increased further to 12.0% in fiscal
2024.

The
Reserve Bank of India has notified a new criterion for classifying an enterprise as micro, small and medium from July 2020. Udyam Registration
Certificate (“URC”) is necessary for lending to micro, small and medium enterprises to qualify for priority sector. In July
2021, retail and wholesale traders were permitted to register online and obtain URC, resulting in them continuing to qualify under priority
sector lending.

241

Table of Contents

Investments
by banks in securitized assets, outright purchases of loans and assignments are eligible for classification under priority sector if
the underlying assets themselves qualified for such treatment. The interest rates charged to ultimate borrowers by the originating entities
in such transactions are capped for such transactions to be classified as priority sector.

The
Reserve Bank of India has allowed banks to sell and purchase priority sector lending certificates in the event of excess/shortfall in
meeting priority sector targets, which may help in reducing the shortfall in priority sector lending. These instruments are issued by
banks that have a surplus in priority sector lending or any of its individual sub-segments and are purchased by banks having a shortfall,
through a trading portal.

The
Reserve Bank of India allows banks to issue long-term bonds for financing infrastructure and low-cost housing. The amount raised by way
of these bonds is permitted to be excluded from adjusted net bank credit for the purpose of computing priority sector lending targets,
except to the extent that the lending against these bonds is included in priority sector lending.

Banks
falling short of their priority sector lending targets are required to contribute allocated amounts to specific Government of India funds
(i.e., Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (“RIDF”)), established with National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(“NABARD”) and other funds with NABARD/ National Housing Bank (“NHB”)/ Small Industries Development Bank of India
(“SIDBI”)/ Micro Units Development & Refinance Agency (“MUDRA”) Limited. The interest rates on contribution
to RIDF or any other funds, tenure of deposits, and other features are fixed by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. The interest
rates on these contributions are below market rates.

Export
Credit

The
Reserve Bank of India allows exporters to avail short-term working capital financing at internationally comparable interest rates. Export
credit is available both in rupee as well as in foreign currency. This enables exporters to have access to an internationally competitive
financing option. The Reserve Bank of India has allowed exporters with a satisfactory track record of at least three years to receive
long-term export advance at concessional rates for execution of long-term supply contracts up to a maximum period of 10 years.

Regulations
governing overseas direct investment

In
August 2022, Reserve Bank of India along with the Central Government has issued a new Overseas Investment regime (i.e., Foreign Exchange
Management (Overseas Investment) Rules, Regulations and Directions) to promote the ease of doing business, to cover wider economic activity
and significantly reduce the need for seeking specific approvals from the Reserve Bank of India. The new regime has introduced the Late
Submission Fee (LSF) for reporting delays and also the specific guidelines have been prescribed for Overseas Investment in IFSC by persons
resident in India.

Regulations
on International Trade Settlement in Indian Rupees (“INR”)

242

Table of Contents

In
July 2022, Reserve Bank of India has notified an additional arrangement for invoicing, payment, and settlement of exports/imports in
INR in order to promote growth of global trade with emphasis on exports from India and to support the interest of global trading community
in INR. The broad framework for cross border trade transactions in INR is as follows:

a)   All exports
                                            and imports trade transactions to be denominated, invoiced and settled in INR.

b)   AD bank in
                                            India may open Special INR VOSTRO of correspondent bank/s of the partner trading country
                                            for settlement of trade transactions with any country after obtaining Reserve Bank of India
                                            approval.

c)   The balance
                                            in Special INR VOSTRO can be used for Payments for projects and investments, Export/Import
                                            advance flow management and Investment in Government Treasury Bills, Government securities
                                            and other assets.

Credit
Exposure Limits

As
a prudential measure aimed at better risk management and avoidance of concentration of credit risks, the Reserve Bank of India has prescribed
credit exposure limits for banks and long-term lending institutions in respect of their lending to individual borrowers and to all companies
in a single group (or sponsor group).

The
Reserve Bank of India requires banks to fix internal limits of exposure to specific sectors. These limits are subject to periodic review
by the banks.

Under
Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a borrower having an aggregate fund-based credit limit of Rs. 100.0 billion will be considered a specified
borrower. The normally permitted lending limit for specified borrowers is defined as an amount that is 50.0% of the incremental funds
raised over and above the aggregate fund-based credit limit. The general provision required on the incremental exposure above the normally
permitted lending limit would be 3.0% and the additional risk weight for such exposure over and above the applicable risk weight would
be 75.0%.

Further,
the Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on large borrowers which prescribe a limit of 20.0% and 25.0% of the eligible capital
base in respect of exposures to single counterparty and groups of connected counterparties with effect from April 2019. The eligible
capital base is defined as the Tier 1 capital of the bank as against the earlier norm of total capital funds. Exposure to a single non-banking
finance company or a group of connected non-banking finance companies is restricted to 15.0% and 25.0%, respectively, of the eligible
capital base. The definition of exposure for large borrowers includes off-balance sheet items converted into credit exposure equivalents
through the use of credit conversion factors used for assessing credit risk under the standardized approach for risk based capital requirements.

In June 2019, the Reserve Bank of India introduced an economic inter-dependence
criterion in the definition of connected counterparties, which has been applicable since April 2020.

Corporate
borrowers having total exposure of Rs. 250 million (100 million from April 2024 onwards and 50 million from April 2025 onwards) and above
in the banking system are required to obtain a legal entity identifier registration. A borrower who does not obtain the legal entity
identifier is not eligible for renewal or enhancement of credit facilities.

Capital
Market Exposure Limits

The
Reserve Bank of India guidelines on capital market exposures stipulate that a bank’s exposure to capital markets in all forms (both
fund-based and non-fund-based) by way of investments in shares, convertible bonds/debentures, units of equity oriented mutual funds,
loans against shares, and secured and unsecured advances to stock brokers, should not exceed 40.0% of its net worth on both a stand-alone
and consolidated basis as of March 31 of the previous year.

243

Table of Contents

Limits
on intra-group transaction and exposures

The
Reserve Bank of India guidelines on management of intra-group transactions and exposures for financial conglomerates prescribe quantitative
limits for intra-group financial transactions and prudential measures for non-financial transactions. The Reserve Bank of India has prescribed
a single group entity exposure limit of 5.0% of paid-up capital and reserves of the bank for non-financial companies and unregulated
financial services companies and 10.0% in the case of regulated financial entities. The aggregate group exposure cannot exceed 20.0%
of paid-up capital and reserves and surplus in case of all group entities (financial and non-financial) taken together and 10.0% in the
case of all non-financial companies and unregulated financial services companies taken together. Banks’ exposures to other banks/financial
institutions in the group in the form of equity and other capital instruments are exempted from above limits. If the exposure exceeds
the permissible limits, the excess amount would be deducted from common equity Tier 1 capital of the bank.

Master
Direction on Transfer of Loan Exposure

In
order to provide banks with options to manage liquidity, rebalance their exposure or strategic sales and resolve their non-performing
assets, the Reserve Bank of India issued Master Direction – Reserve Bank of India (Transfer of Loan Exposures) Directions, 2021
on September 24, 2021. Under these guidelines, the board of directors of a bank must establish a policy for transfer of loans. Originators
need to satisfy the Minimum Holding Period requirement (3 months and 6 months) and Minimum Retention Ratio (5% and 10%) as mentioned
in extant guideline.

Securitisation
involves transactions where credit risk in assets are redistributed by repackaging them into tradeable securities with different risk
profiles which may give investors of various classes access to exposures which they otherwise might be unable to access directly. Reserve
Bank of India issued the Master Direction (Securitisation of Standard Assets) Directions, 2021 on September 24, 2021.

The
securitisation and Transfer of Loan exposure transactions can be executed by Lenders who are Scheduled commercial banks, Primary (Urban)
Co-operative Banks/State Co-operative Banks/ Central Co-operative Banks (only for transfer of loan exposures), All India Term Financial
Institutions, Small Finance Banks, NBFCs, and HFCs.

Credit
Information Bureaus

Pursuant
to the Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act, 2005, every credit institution, including a bank, has to become a member of a credit
information bureau and furnish to it such credit information as may be required of the credit institution by the credit information bureau
about individuals or groups who enjoy a credit relationship with it. Banks are also required to share information on investments in commercial
paper and unhedged foreign currency exposures of borrowers to the credit information companies. Other credit institutions, credit information
bureaus and such other persons as the Reserve Bank of India specifies may access such disclosed credit information. Seeking to strengthen
the coverage and use of credit information, the Reserve Bank of India standardized the data formats for furnishing of credit information
to credit information companies, common classification of credit scores and best practices to be followed by credit information companies.

244

Table of Contents

Loan
Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets

The
Reserve Bank of India’s Master Circular on “Prudential Norms on Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning
pertaining to Advances” dated April 1, 2023 as amended, provides consolidated instructions and guidelines relating to income recognition,
asset classification and provisioning standards.

Asset
Classification

In
particular, an advance is a non-performing asset where interest and/or installment of principal remains overdue for a period of more
than 90 days in respect of a term loan; the account remains “out-of-order” (as defined below) in respect of an overdraft
or cash credit; the bill remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days in case of bills purchased and discounted; installment of
principal or interest remains overdue for two crop seasons for short duration crops or for one crop season for long duration crops; the
amount of liquidity facility remains outstanding for more than 90 days, in respect of a securitization transaction.

In
respect of derivative transactions, the overdue receivables related to positive mark-to-market value of a derivative contract, if these
remain unpaid for a period of 90 days from the specified due date for payment; or in respect of credit card transactions, if the minimum
amount due, as mentioned in the statement, remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days from the payment due date mentioned in the
statement. Interest in respect of non-performing assets is not recognized or credited to the income account unless collected. Non-performing
assets are classified as described below.

Sub-Standard
Assets.
Assets that are non-performing assets for a period not exceeding 12 months. Such an asset has well-defined credit weaknesses
that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt and are characterized by the distinct possibility that the bank will sustain some loss, if
deficiencies are not corrected.

Doubtful
Assets.
Assets that have remained sub-standard for a period of 12 months. A loan classified as doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent
in assets that are classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full,
on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable.

Loss
Assets.
Assets on which losses have been identified by the bank or internal or external auditors during the performance of their
audit procedures or during the Reserve Bank of India inspection but the amount has not been written off fully.

There
are separate guidelines for classification of loans for projects under implementation which are based on the date of commencement of
commercial production and date of completion of the project as originally envisaged at the time of financial closure.

245

Table of Contents

The
Reserve Bank of India, under its risk-based supervision exercise, carries out the risk assessment of banks on an annual basis. As a part
of this assessment, the Reserve Bank of India separately reviews asset classification and provisioning of credit facilities given by
banks to its borrowers. This assessment is initiated subsequent to the completion of the annual audit and the publication of audited
financial statements for the given financial year. Any divergences in classification or provisioning arising out of the supervisory process
are given effect in the financial statements in subsequent periods after conclusion of the exercise. Such divergences are required to
be disclosed by banks in their financial statements if either the additional provisioning requirement assessed by the Reserve Bank of
India exceeds 10.0% (5% from fiscal 2024 onwards) of the published profits before provisions and contingencies for the period, or the
additional gross non-performing assets identified by the Reserve Bank of India exceeds 10.0% (5% from fiscal 2024 onwards) of the published
incremental gross non-performing assets for the reference period, or both. The assessment of divergence in asset classification and provisioning
conducted by the Reserve Bank of India for ICICI Bank in fiscal 2020, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022 did not require any additional disclosures.

Restructured
loans

Standard
restructured loans are subject to higher standard asset provisioning requirements and higher risk weights for capital adequacy purposes.
The higher risk weights and provision shall continue until satisfactory performance under the revised payment schedule has been established
for the specified period. If the restructured account is overdue as per the revised schedule for a period beyond the minimum period prescribed
for classification of a loan as non-performing, it is required to be downgraded to non-performing status with reference to the pre-restructuring
payment schedule.

See also “
Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The future trajectory of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and could adversely affect
our business, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance
”.

Provisioning
and write-offs

Provisions
under Indian GAAP are based on guidelines specific to the classification of the assets. The following guidelines apply to the various
asset classifications:

Standard
Assets
: The allowances on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning
requirement is a uniform rate of 0.4% for all standard assets except certain advances which require provision in the range of 0.25% to
2%:

Reserve
Bank of India guidelines require banks to maintain provisions for standard assets at rates higher than the regulatory requirement in
respect of advances to stressed sectors of the economy. For assets referred to the National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code, banks have to make provisions to the extent of 50.0% of the secured portion and 100.0% of the unsecured portion
of the outstanding loans.

Sub-standard
Assets
: A provision of 15.0% is required for all substandard assets as compared to the previous requirement of 10.0%. A provision
of 25.0% is required for accounts that are unsecured. Unsecured infrastructure loan accounts classified as substandard require provisioning
of 20.0%.

246

Table of Contents

Doubtful
Assets
: A 100.0% provision/write-off is required against the unsecured portion of a doubtful asset and is charged against income.
For the secured portion of assets classified as doubtful, a 25.0% provision is required for assets that have been classified as doubtful
for a year, a 40.0% provision is required for assets that have been classified as doubtful for one to three years and a 100.0% provision
is required for assets classified as doubtful for more than three years. The value assigned to the collateral securing a loan is the
amount reflected on the borrower’s books or the realizable value determined by third-party appraisers.

Loss
Assets
: The entire asset is required to be written off or provided for.

Under
the Banking Regulation Act, banking companies in India are required to comply with the directions of the Reserve Bank of India, including
guidelines issued with respect to asset identification, asset classification and provisioning by banking companies. While preparing the
financial statements under Indian GAAP, banking companies are required to comply with all regulatory requirements, including such directions
issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India issued a circular in 2016 instructing all scheduled commercial banks in
India to comply with the Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) for financial statements. In 2019 the Reserve Bank of India
deferred the implementation of the Ind AS until further notice as legislative amendments recommended were still under the consideration
of the Government of India. In fiscal 2023, Reserve Bank of India, through its discussion paper on “Introduction of Expected Credit
Loss framework for provisioning by banks” has proposed to adopt expected credit loss framework based on approach used in International
Financial Reporting Standard 9, supplemented by regulatory backstops wherever necessary. The draft guidelines on the expected credit
loss framework is awaited from Reserve Bank of India.

Framework
for Compromise Settlements and Technical Write-offs

In June 2023, Reserve Bank of India issued guideline on Framework for Compromise
Settlements and Technical Write-offs requiring Bank to put a board approved policy for setting necessary condition precedents such as
minimum ageing, deterioration in collateral value and certain other parameters including staff accountability, delegation of power, cooling
period etc. for taking fresh exposure. Further, the guideline requires that in case of partial technical write-offs, the prudential requirements
in respect of residual exposure, including provisioning and asset classifications shall be with reference to the original exposure.

Automation
of income recognition, asset classification and provisioning process in banks

In
2020 the Reserve Bank of India issued a circular for automation of income recognition, asset classification and provisioning processes
in banks. As per this circular, all borrower accounts and investments of the bank should be covered in the automated IT based system
for asset classification, upgradation and provisioning processes. The asset classification rules should be configured in the system in
compliance with the regulatory requirements. The system based asset classification should be an ongoing exercise for upgrades and downgrades
of borrower accounts.

Guidelines
Relating to Use of Recovery Agents by Banks

The
Reserve Bank of India has asked banks to put in place a due diligence process for the engagement of recovery agents, structured to cover,
among others, individuals involved in the recovery process. Banks are expected to communicate details of recovery agents to borrowers
and have in place a grievance redressal mechanism pertaining to the recovery process. The Reserve Bank of India has advised banks to
initiate a training course for current and prospective recovery agents to support prudent recovery practices. In August 2022, the Reserve
Bank of India advised that the Regulated Entities (“REs") shall strictly ensure that they or their agents do not resort to
intimidation or harassment of any kind, either verbal or physical, against any person in their debt collection efforts, including acts
intended to humiliate publicly or intrude upon the privacy of the debtors' family members, referees and friends, sending inappropriate
messages either on mobile or through social media, making threatening and/ or anonymous calls, persistently calling the borrower, or
other similar acts.

247

Table of Contents

Legislative Framework for Enforcement
of Security by Banks for Non-performing Assets/Recovery of debts due to Banks

The SARFAESI
Act provides that a secured creditor may, in respect of loans classified as non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of
India guidelines, give notice in writing to the borrower requiring it to discharge its liabilities within 60 days, failing which the
secured creditor may, inter alia, take possession of the assets constituting the security for the loan, take over the management of
the business of the borrower, appoint a person to manage the secured assets taken in possession and the like with the ultimate
objective of recovering the money due to the bank. Additionally, under SARFAESI, a central registry has been established, known as
the Central Registry of Securitisation Asset Reconstruction and Security Interest of India (“CERSAI”), to register the
security interst of banks on the borrower’s assets and only if the banks register their security interest with CERSAI that the
remedy under SARFAESI shall be available to them. The SARFAESI Act also provides for setting up of asset reconstruction
companies regulated by the Reserve Bank of India to acquire stressed assets from banks and financial institutions. In 2021, National
Asset Reconstruction Company Limited (“NARCL”), a government entity, was incorporated and registered with the Reserve
Bank of India as an asset reconstruction company under SARFAESI for aggregation and resolution of non-performing assets in the
banking industry.

See also
“—Regulations
Relating to Sale of Assets to Asset Reconstruction Companies”
.

The SARFAESI Act
focuses on improving the rights of banks and financial institutions and other specified secured creditors as well as asset reconstruction
companies by providing that such secured creditors can take over management control of a borrower company upon default and/or sell assets
without the intervention of courts, in accordance with the provisions of the SARFAESI Act.

The Recovery of
Debts and Bankruptcy Act, 1993 provides for establishment of Debt Recovery Tribunals for expeditious adjudication and recovery of debts
due to any bank or Public Financial Institution or to a consortium of banks and Public Financial Institutions. Under this Act, the procedures
for recoveries of debt have been simplified and time frames have been fixed for speedy disposal of cases. Upon establishment of the Debt
Recovery Tribunal, no court or other authority can exercise jurisdiction in relation to matters covered by this Act, except the higher
courts in India in certain circumstances.

Resolution of
Stressed Assets

Insolvency and Bankruptcy
Code, 2016

The Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, provides a time-bound revival and rehabilitation mechanism. The corporate insolvency resolution process can
be initiated by the creditors on occurrence of a default above a specific threshold amount. It classifies the creditors into financial
creditors (which have extended financial debts) and operational creditors (which have provided goods and services). Other key features
include specific timelines for dealing with insolvency resolution applications. The insolvency resolution plan has to be approved by
a majority of financial creditors, which requires approval by the adjudicating authority and, if rejected, the adjudicating authority
may pass an order for liquidation. The National Company Law Tribunal has been set up as the adjudicating authority, the National Company
Law Appellate Tribunal has been set up to hear appeals on the orders of the adjudicating authority with jurisdiction over companies and
limited liability entities, and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India has been set up as the new insolvency regulator overseeing
insolvency professionals, information utilities and promote transparency.

248

Table of Contents

Regulations
Relating to Sale of Assets to Asset Reconstruction Companies

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines to banks on the process to be followed for sales of financial assets to asset reconstruction
companies in the Master Direction on Transfer of Loans. These guidelines provide that a bank may sell financial assets to an asset reconstruction
company provided the asset is a non-performing asset. These assets are to be sold on a “without recourse” basis, only. The
banks selling financial assets should seek to ensure that there is no known liability devolving on them and that they do not assume any
operational, legal or any other type of risks relating to the financial assets sold. Further, banks may not sell financial assets at
a contingent price with an agreement to bear a part of the shortfall on ultimate realization.

Banks
can also invest in security receipts or pass-through certificates issued by the asset reconstruction company or trusts set up by it to
acquire the financial assets. The Reserve Bank of India has also issued guidelines governing the affairs of asset reconstruction companies.
The guideline provides norms relating to period of realization of assets by asset reconstruction company, mandatory holding of security
receipts, period for formulating plan of recovery, and other norms. Asset reconstruction companies are not permitted to acquire any non-performing
financial assets from their sponsor banks on a bilateral basis. However, they may participate in auctions of non-performing assets by
their sponsor banks.

Framework for Early
Identification of Stress and Information Sharing

The

Reserve
Bank of India has issued a “Framework for Revitalizing
Distressed Assets in the Economy.” The framework outlined an action plan for early identification of problem cases, creating a
central repository of information on large credits, timely restructuring of accounts which were considered to be viable, and taking prompt
steps by banks for recovery or sale of unviable accounts. Accounts have to be categorized into “special mention accounts”
based on specified criteria. The Reserve Bank of India issued the Prudential Framework for Resolution of Stressed Assets in 2019. The
framework additionally required banks to undertake a review of the borrower within 30 days of a default in the borrower account and enter
into an inter-creditor agreement during the 30-day review period to decide rules for finalization and implementation of the resolution
plan.

See
also
“Supervision and Regulation—Legislative Framework for Recovery of Debts due to Banks”
 and
“Supervision
and Regulation—Legislative Framework for Recovery of Debts due to Banks— Resolution of Stressed Assets—The Banking
Regulation (Amendment) Ordinance, 2017”.

249

Table of Contents

Reserve
Bank of India guidelines provide a framework for dealing with loan frauds. The guidelines relate to detection, reporting and monitoring
of fraud accounts and prescribe continuous monitoring and red flagging of accounts based on early warning signals for accounts above
Rs. 30 million. The guidelines also require reporting frauds on the Reserve Bank of India’s central repository of information on
large credits for dissemination to other banks and enabling decision-making among banks in case of consortium or multiple banking arrangements.
The framework also illustrates checks/investigations during the different stages of the loan life cycle and timelines have been defined
to complete the due diligence for evaluation of an account. Restructuring or grant of additional facilities would not be available in
case of fraud or red-flagged accounts. There are provisioning guidelines relating to fraud accounts that require banks to make a provision.

Regulations
Relating to the Opening of Branches

Opening
of branches and relocation of existing branches are governed by the provisions of Section 23 of the Banking Regulation Act.

Banks
are permitted to open banking outlets in Tier 1 to Tier 6 centers without the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, subject to
certain requirements. Banks are mandated to allocate 25.0% of the total number of new banking outlets opened during a year to unbanked
rural centers. An unbanked rural center is defined as an area classified as Tier 5 and Tier 6 centers that does not have core banking
system enabled banking outlets.

A
banking outlet is a fixed point service delivery unit, manned by either a bank’s staff or its business correspondent, and where
services of acceptance of deposits, encashment of checks/cash withdrawal or lending of money are provided for a minimum of four hours
per day for at least five days a week.

With
an aim to increase the reach of digital banking services, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on setting up of Digital Banking
Units by commercial banks. These are fixed point business units having minimum digital infrastructure to offer digital banking products
and services. These digital banking units will be treated as banking outlets.

Regulations
Governing Use of Business Correspondents

To
increase the outreach of banking and promote greater financial inclusion, the Reserve Bank of India allows banks to engage business correspondents
for providing banking and financial services at locations other than a bank branch. Business correspondents offer a limited range of
banking services at low cost, as setting up a brick and mortar branch may not be viable in all areas. Banks are required to take full
responsibility for the acts of omission and commission of the business correspondents that they engage and to conduct due diligence for
minimizing agency risks. The entities permitted to act as business correspondents included individuals such as retired bank employees,
retired teachers, individual owners of small, independent grocery stores, medical and fair price shops and certain other individuals.
The non-individual entities include non-government organizations or microfinance institutions set up under societies/trust acts, societies
registered under mutually aided cooperative societies acts of various states, or the Cooperative Societies Acts of various states, not-for-profit
companies and post offices. Banks are also allowed to engage companies with large and widespread retail outlets and registered under
the Companies Act and non-deposit taking non-banking financial companies as business correspondents. Further, with a view to scale up
the business correspondent channel, the Reserve Bank of India requires the board of banks to review the operations and payment of remuneration
to business correspondents at least once every six months. The Reserve Bank of India has also proposed to create a registry of business
correspondents.

250

Table of Contents

Regulations
Relating to Deposits

The
Reserve Bank of India permits banks to independently determine interest rates offered on term deposits. However, banks cannot pay interest
on current account deposits. Interest rates payable on savings deposits are not regulated. However, a uniform interest rate on savings
deposits must be paid on deposits up to Rs. 100,000 and differential rates can be paid on deposits of over Rs. 100,000. The payment of
interest on savings deposits is calculated on daily product basis.

Domestic
time deposits and rupee-denominated non-resident ordinary accounts have a minimum maturity of seven days. Rupee denominated non-resident
external rupee accounts have a minimum maturity of one year and foreign currency denominated for non-resident Indians have a minimum
maturity of one year and a maximum maturity of five years.

Banks
are allowed to offer differential rates of interests on domestic term deposits and for bulk term deposits are of Rs. 20 million and above.

The
Reserve Bank of India allows banks to offer early withdrawal facility in a term deposit as a distinguishing feature for offering differential
rates of interest. All term deposits of individuals of Rs. 1.5 million and below should, necessarily, have premature withdrawal facility.
For all other term deposits, customers should be given the option to choose between term deposits either with or without premature withdrawal
facility. Banks will be required to disclose in advance the schedule of interest rates payable on deposits.

Banks
are free to determine the interest rates on non-resident (external) rupee deposits and ordinary non-resident accounts. However, the interest
rates cannot exceed the rate offered by the bank on comparable domestic rupee deposits.

In
view of the impending discontinuance of certain tenors of US$-LIBOR as a benchmark rate, the interest rates on foreign currency non-resident
(B) deposits shall be linked to a widely accepted overnight alternative reference rate for the respective currency.

With
a view to increasing the availability of financial services across regions and population segments, the Reserve Bank of India has advised
banks to make available a basic savings bank deposit account without having the requirement of any minimum balance.

The
Reserve Bank India’s Framework for acceptance of Green Deposits came into effect from June 1, 2023.The purpose of the framework
is to encourage REs to offer green deposits to customers, protect the interests of the depositors, aid customers to achieve their sustainability
agenda, address greenwashing concerns and help augment the flow of credit to green activities and projects.

251

Table of Contents

Regulations
Relating to Payments

On
January 5, 2021, the Reserve Bank of India decided to introduce the Legal Entity Identifier system for single payment transactions of
value Rs.500 million and above undertaken by non-individual entities using centralised payment systems like real time gross settlement
(RTGS) and national electronic funds transfer (NEFT). These directions were effective from April 1, 2021.

In
January 2020, the Reserve Bank of India advised banks to issue or re-issue, all cards (physical and virtual) and enable them for use
only at contact based points of usage like ATMs and point of sale (“PoS”) devices within India. The banks shall provide cardholders
a facility for enabling card-not-present (for domestic and international online transactions) transactions, card-present (for international
transactions) transactions and contactless transactions. For existing cards, issuers may decide whether to disable the card-not-present
(domestic and international) transactions, card-present (international) transactions and contactless transaction rights. Existing cards
that have never been used for online (card not present) / international / contactless transactions shall be mandatorily disabled for
this purpose.

On
August 6, 2020, the Reserve Bank of India advised that authorised payment system operators (including banks and non-banks) and their
participants to implement an online dispute resolution system for resolving customer disputes and grievances pertaining to digital payments,
using a system-driven and rule-based mechanism with zero or minimal manual intervention by January 2021. The payment system operators
shall provide access to such a system to its participating members via payment system participants.

In
February 2021, the Reserve Bank of India issued master directions on digital payment security controls, which provides necessary guidelines
for the regulated entities to set up a robust governance structure and implement common minimum standards of security controls for channels
like internet, mobile banking, card payments, among others. This is to create an enhanced environment for customers to use digital payment
products in more safe and secure manner. The guidelines have been effective since August 18, 2021.

The
Reserve Bank of India in its circular dated September 7, 2021 has enhanced applicability of card tokenisation services to Card-on-File
Tokenisation services as well. Further, card issuers have been permitted to offer card tokenisation services as Token Service Providers.
Further, the Reserve Bank of India in its circular dated January 3, 2022 has issued a framework for carrying out digital payments in
offline mode using cards, wallets, mobile devices, and other modes of digital payments.

Regulations
Relating to Customer Service and Customer Protection

Enhancing
customer service and customer protection is a focus area for the Reserve Bank of India and has regularly emphasized on offering efficient,
fair and speedy customer service. In this regard, the Reserve Bank of India has issued several guidelines.

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued a charter of customer rights, which provides the broad overarching principles for the protection of
bank customers. The charter describes five basic rights of bank customers which are the right to fair treatment, the right to transparency,
fair and honest dealing, the right to suitability, the right to privacy and the right to grievance redress and compensation.

252

Table of Contents

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued procedural guidelines for redressal of grievances by an internal ombudsman. Internal Ombudsman
Scheme covers appointment/tenure, roles and responsibilities, procedural guideline and oversight mechanism for the internal
Ombudsman. Internal Ombudsman examine all customer grievances including complaints of deficiency in service on the part of the bank
as also those listed under Clause 8 of the Banking Ombudsman Scheme, 2006 (as amended from time to time) received by banks and which
are partly or wholly rejected by bank's internal grievance redressal mechanism. In order to further strengthen the customer
grievance redressal mechanism in banks, the Reserve Bank of India has decided to put in place a comprehensive framework including
enhanced disclosures by banks on customer complaints, recovery of cost of redressal from banks for the maintainable complaints
received against them in Offices of Banking Ombudsman in excess of the peer group average, and undertaking intensive review of the
grievance redressal mechanism and supervisory action against banks that fail to improve their redressal mechanism in a time bound
manner.

The
Reserve Bank of India has integrated all the existing three Ombudsman schemes, which were (i) the Banking Ombudsman Scheme, 2006; (ii)
the Ombudsman Scheme for Non-Banking Financial Companies, 2018; and (iii) the Ombudsman Scheme for Digital Transactions, 2019, into a
single scheme known as the Integrated Ombudsman Scheme, 2021.

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued directions to banks for determining customer liability in case of Unauthorized Electronic Banking Transaction.
The facility of electronic transactions (other than ATM cash withdrawals) may not be offered to customers who do not provide mobile numbers.
The Reserve Bank of India has advised banks to clearly define the rights and obligations of customers in case of unauthorized transactions
in specified scenarios. Further, banks are required to formulate/revise their customer relations policy, with approval of their Boards,
to cover aspects of customer protection, including the mechanism of creating customer awareness on the risks and responsibilities involved
in electronic banking transactions and customer liability in cases of unauthorized electronic banking transaction. The Reserve Bank of
India has extended the customer protection framework to prepaid payment instruments (PPIs) as well. In March 2020, the Reserve Bank of
India issued guidelines to regulate the activities of payment aggregators and has also provided baseline technology-related recommendations
to payment gateways.

The
Reserve Bank of India does not allow entities regulated by it, including banks, to deal in virtual currencies or to provide services
facilitating any person or entity in dealing with or settling virtual currencies. Such services include maintaining accounts, registering,
trading, settling, clearing, giving loans against virtual tokens, accepting them as collateral, opening accounts of exchanges dealing
with them and transfer/receipt of money in accounts relating to purchase/sale of virtual currencies.

Personal
Data Protection and Privacy

ICICI
Bank is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals whose personal data it holds, and processing such personal data in a way that
is consistent with applicable laws. It is important for employees and businesses to protect customer data and follow the applicable privacy
laws in India and overseas locations to ensure safety and security of data. We believe that the data privacy framework should be in line
with the evolving regulatory changes and digital transformation.

253

Table of Contents

The
Bank has a global presence in several overseas jurisdictions including Hong Kong, Singapore, United States, United Kingdom, Canada, China,
Dubai International Financial Centre and Bahrain. We are committed to ensuring compliance with applicable laws across these jurisdictions.
We have an integrated and centralized strategy for achieving data privacy compliance across all jurisdictions. A set of principles have
been defined with respect to handling customer data. There is a mechanism in place for reporting any form of personal data incident which
is accessible to all employees in the Bank.  Any kind of personal data related incidents reported through the service request undergoes
a detailed investigation and report of same is shared by Data Protection Officer (DPO) with senior members of the Bank from the Information
Security Group, Operational Risk Management Group, Fraud Management Group, Human Resources, Compliance and the Legal Team on a monthly
basis.

The
Bank periodically updates its Personal Data Protection Standard to cover the personal data protection regulatory requirements for the
Bank and its overseas offices to reflect the changes in data protection laws and regulations. The Personal Data Protection Standard of
the Bank was reviewed by an international law firm and was further updated and strengthened in fiscal 2022.

Privacy
regulations require the personal data of customers to be protected throughout its entire lifecycle. Accordingly, the Bank has undertaken
several comprehensive measures such as categorizing all personal data and sensitive personal data as ‘Confidential Information’,
keeping record of all its processing activities, entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with employees and third
parties who are privy to personal data of the customers and providing customers the option to exercise various rights which they enjoy
under applicable data protection regulations and incident handling procedures.

Regulations
Governing Mobile Banking

The
Reserve Bank of India permits Indian banks to offer mobile banking services to their customers. Transactions involving a debit to the
customer’s account should have a two-level authentication to execute the transaction. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
requiring banks to provide easy registration for mobile banking services, including generation of the personal identification number
through multiple channels. While use of mobile banking services for cross-border transactions was previously restricted, the restriction
was subsequently removed. Services on mobile applications can now be used for both rupee based transaction in the domestic market and
for undertaking cross-border transactions.

Regulations
Governing Prepaid Payment Instruments

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued master directions on issuance and operation of prepaid payment instruments. Issuers are required to
have Board approved policy for issuance of various types/categories of prepaid instruments, engaging agents, co-branding arrangement,
re-validation of gift instruments and all related activities. Pre-paid instruments (or minimum-detail Prepaid Payment Instruments) in
small amounts up to Rs. 10,000 can be issued by accepting minimum details and are required to be converted into full-KYC Prepaid Payment
Instruments within 24 months from the date of issuance if facility of cash loading / reloading is provided. Prepaid Payment Instruments
up to Rs. 200,000 can be issued after completing KYC of the Prepaid Payment Instrument holder. Gift instrument can be issued up to a
maximum value of Rs. 10,000. Prepaid Payment Instruments (other than gift Prepaid Payment Instruments and Mass Transit System Prepaid
Payment Instruments) shall necessarily have additional factor of authentication. The aspects of co-branded prepaid instruments, fraud
prevention, customer protection, grievance handling and information system audit are also highlighted in the directions.

254

Table of Contents

Deposit
Insurance

Demand
and time deposits accepted by Indian banks must be insured with the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of India. The limit on insurance coverage for depositors in insured banks was raised from Rs. 100,000
to Rs. 500,000 per depositor from February 4, 2020. Banks are required to pay the insurance premium for the eligible amount to the Deposit
Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation on a semi-annual basis. The cost of the insurance premium cannot be passed on to the customer.
Under the Companies Act, 2013, deposit insurance is mandatory for companies accepting deposits.

The
Depositor Education and Awareness Fund Scheme, 2014—Section 26A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949

The
Reserve Bank of India has advised that banks shall calculate the cumulative balances in all eligible accounts which are unclaimed for
more than 10 years along with interest accrued, and the amount due in each calendar month shall be transferred on the last working day
of the subsequent month.

Borrowings
by Banks in India

The
Reserve Bank of India has permitted banks to borrow and lend in Call, Notice and Term Money Markets as per the internal board approved
limits within the prescribed prudential limits for inter-bank liabilities (“IBL”).

(a)   The IBL of
                                            a bank should not exceed 200% of its net worth as on March 31 of the previous year. However,
                                            individual banks may, with the approval of their Boards of Directors, fix a lower limit for
                                            their inter-bank liabilities, keeping in view their business model.

(b)   The banks
                                            whose CRAR is at least 25% more than the minimum CRAR (9%) (i.e., 11.25%) as on March 31,
                                            of the previous year, are allowed to have a higher limit up to 300% of the net worth for
                                            IBL.

(c)   The limit
                                            prescribed above will include only fund based IBL within India (including inter-bank liabilities
                                            in foreign currency to banks operating within India). In other words, IBL outside India are
                                            excluded.

The
Reserve Bank of India has allowed banks to borrow funds from their overseas branches and correspondent banks (including borrowings for
financing export credit, external commercial borrowings and overdrafts from their head office/nostro account) up to a limit of 100.0%
of unimpaired Tier 1 capital or US$10 million, whichever is higher.

255

Table of Contents

The
aforesaid limit applies to the aggregate amount availed of by all the offices and branches in India from all their branches or correspondents
abroad and also includes overseas borrowings in gold for funding domestic gold loans. Capital funds raised by issue of innovative perpetual
debt instruments and other overseas borrowings with the specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India will continue to be outside the
limit of 100.0% of unimpaired Tier 1 capital.

Banks
are permitted to raise funds through issuance of rupee denominated bonds overseas. The Reserve Bank of India has permitted banks to issue
perpetual debt instruments that can qualify for inclusion as additional Tier 1 capital and debt capital instruments that can qualify
for inclusion as Tier 2 capital, by way of rupee denominated bonds in the overseas market, and long-term bonds for financing infrastructure
and affordable housing projects.

Gold
Monetization Scheme and Sovereign Gold Bonds

As
per the gold monetization scheme of the Reserve Bank of India, banks are allowed to mobilize gold deposits and provide loans against
these deposits. The minimum deposit under the gold deposit scheme at any one time is 10 grams of raw gold. The short-term bank deposits
are allowed for a minimum of one to three years, and treated as on-balance sheet liability, and medium-term deposits of five to seven
years and long-term of 12-15 years. The medium and long-term deposits will be the liability of the Indian central government. The redemption
of medium and long-term deposits, at the option of the depositor, can be either in the Indian rupee equivalent of the value of the deposited
gold or in the gold itself.

The
Reserve Bank of India has also issued guidelines on sovereign gold bonds with investments in such bonds being eligible for statutory
liquidity ratio calculations. The investment in sovereign gold bond is restricted based on the investor type. The bonds could also be
used as collateral for loans.

Regulations
Relating to Know Your Customer and Anti-Money Laundering

The
Prevention of Money Laundering Act (“PMLA”), 2002, seeks to prevent and criminalize money laundering and terrorist financing
in line with recommendations made by the Financial Action Task Force. This Act lays down the obligations on designated entities (including
banks) for maintaining records and reporting certain transactions to the Financial Intelligence Unit. It also lists out the predicate
offences, appointment of the Designated Director and Principal Officer and their respective obligations under the Act. Prevention of
Money Laundering Rules (“PMLR”), 2005 have also been framed under this Act. Both the PMLA and PMLR are amended from time
to time.

Reserve
Bank of India has also provided directions in line with the PMLA and PMLR. It cover key aspects including customer acceptance policy,
customer due-diligence procedures, monitoring of transactions risk management, regulatory reporting, training of employees and independent
audit of AML/KYC framework. These directions are updated from time to time.

256

Table of Contents

Pursuant
to recent amendments to the PMLA and PMLR, changes have also been made in the Reserve Bank of India Master Direction on KYC, 2016. Major
amendments include: identification of Beneficial Owner exemptions; threshold changes for new and legacy cases; amended definitions of
Group, Politically Exposed Person, Non-Profit Organisation and Shell banks; increases in the scope of record management; removal of
the positive confirmation requirement in case current address and address in Aadhar is different; adoption of artificial intelligence
and machine learning for effective monitoring; introduction of Aadhaar OTP based e-KYC in non-face to face mode for periodic updation;
defined procedures for implementation of section 12A of the Weapons of Mass Destruction and their Delivery Systems (Prohibited of Unlawful
Activities) Act, 2005; and deletion of the words “adverse action against the customers should be avoided” from “Periodic
updation of KYC” clause.

Regulations Relating
to Investments

Banks
are required to undertake investment activities as per the terms and conditions specified in the extant Reserve Bank of India guideline
on Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks. Banks are required to adopt a Board approved
comprehensive investment policy.

The
entire investment portfolio (including SLR securities and non-SLR securities) is to be classified under three categories: ‘Held
to Maturity’ (“HTM”), ‘Available for Sale’ (“AFS”) and ‘Held for Trading’ (“HFT”).
The category of the investment shall be decided by the bank at the time of acquisition.

Investments
under HTM category shall not exceed 25% of the bank’s total investments except for certain investments as stipulated by Reserve
Bank of India.

Securities
eligible for HTM category are SLR securities, Non-SLR securities (with certain conditions), Recapitalisation Bonds, Equity of subsidiaries
and joint ventures, Long-term bonds issued by Infrastructure companies, Unquoted shares/bonds/units of Category I and II Alternative
Investment Funds (“AIFs”) for initial period of three years.

The
securities acquired with the intention to trade by taking advantage of the short term price/interest rate movements shall be classified
under HFT. The investments classified under HFT shall be sold within 90 days. The securities which do not fall under HTM or HFT categories
shall be classified under AFS.

Shifting
of investments

Banks
shall have the freedom to shift investments to/from HTM with the approval of the Board of Directors once at the beginning of the accounting
year. Banks shall have the freedom to shift investments from AFS to HFT with the approval of their Board of Directors/ ALCO (Asset Liability
Committee) / Investment Committee. Shifting of investments from HFT to AFS shall be permitted only in exceptional circumstances where
the bank is not in a position to sell the security within 90 days due to tight liquidity conditions, or extreme volatility, or market
becoming unidirectional.

In
case of sales/transfers to/from HTM category exceeds 5% of the book value of investment held in HTM at the beginning of the year, banks
shall disclose in the ‘Notes to Accounts’ to the Financial Statements the market value of the investments held in the HTM
category. Banks shall also disclose the excess of book value over market value for which provision is not made.

257

Table of Contents

Bank’s
investment in unlisted non-SLR securities shall not exceed 10 percent of its total investment in non-SLR securities as on March 31 of
the previous year.

Limit
on Transactions through Individual Brokers

A
limit of 5% of total transactions through brokers (both purchase and sales) entered into by a bank during a financial year shall be treated
as the aggregate upper contract limit for each of the approved brokers. If for any reason it becomes necessary to exceed the aggregate
limit for any broker, banks shall record in writing the specific reasons for such breach and the Board shall subsequently be informed.

Income
recognition

(i) Banks
shall recognize income on accrual basis for the following:

a)   Securities
                                            of corporate bodies/public sector undertakings in respect of which the payment of interest
                                            and repayment of principal have been guaranteed by the Central Government or a State Government,
                                            provided interest is serviced regularly and as such is not in arrears.

b)   Shares
                                            of corporate bodies provided dividend has been declared by the corporate body in its Annual
                                            General Meeting and the owner's right to receive payment is established.

c)   Government
                                            Securities and bonds and debentures of corporate bodies, where interest rates on these instruments
                                            are predetermined and provided interest is serviced regularly and is not in arrears.

(ii) Income
from units of mutual funds shall be recognized on cash basis.

The
criterion used to classify an asset as Non-Performing Asset (“NPA”) shall be used to classify an investment as a Non-Performing
Investment (“NPI”) (i.e., an NPI is one where interest/ instalment, including maturity proceeds is due and remains unpaid
for more than 90 days). In the case of equity shares, in the event the investment in the shares of any company is valued at Re.1 per
company on account of the non-availability of the latest balance sheet, those equity shares shall be classified as NPI.

Subsidiaries
and Other Financial and Non-Financial Sector Investments

In
terms of Section 19(2) of the Banking Regulation Act, banks should not hold shares in any company except as provided in subsection (1)
of that Act, whether as pledgee, mortgagee or absolute owner, of an amount exceeding 30.0% of the paid-up share capital of that company
or 30.0% of its own paid-up share capital and reserves and surplus, whichever is less. Further, in terms of Section 19(3) of the Banking
Regulation Act, banks should not hold shares, whether as pledgee, mortgagee or absolute owner, in any company in the management of which
any managing director or manager of the bank is in any manner concerned or interested.

Banks
need prior permission of the Reserve Bank of India to incorporate or acquire a subsidiary. Banks are required to maintain an “arm’s-length”
relationship with subsidiaries.

Under
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a bank’s equity investments in a subsidiary company, or a financial services company (including
a financial institution, a stock or other exchange or a depository) which is not a subsidiary, should not exceed 10.0% of the bank’s
paid-up share capital and reserves and the total investments made in all subsidiaries and all non-subsidiary financial services companies
should not exceed 20.0% of the bank’s paid-up share capital and reserves.

258

Table of Contents

For
non-financial services

The
aggregate equity investments made in all subsidiaries and other entities engaged in financial services and non-financial services, including
overseas investments shall not exceed 20% of the bank’s paid-up share capital and reserves.

Regulations
on Asset Liability Management

Liquidity
can be measured through stock and flow approaches.

Flow
approach measurement involves comprehensive tracking of cash flow mismatches. For measuring and managing net funding requirements, the
format prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India (i.e., the statement of structural liquidity under ALM System for measuring cash flow
mismatches at different time bands) should be adopted. The cash flows are required to be placed in different time bands based on the
residual maturity of the cash flows or the projected future behaviour of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet items. The difference
between cash inflows and outflows in each time period thus becomes a starting point for the measure of a bank’s future liquidity
surplus or deficit, at a series of points of time.

Under
the Stock approach certain critical ratios in respect of liquidity risk management and their significance for banks are prescribed by
Reserve Bank of India, including Core deposits to Total Assets and Temporary Assets/Total Assets. Banks monitor these ratios by putting
in place an internally defined limit approved by the Board for these ratios.

Banks
also adhere to the various regulatory limits prescribed to reduce the extent of concentration on the liability side of the banks such
as Inter-bank Liability (IBL) Limit, Call Money Borrowing and lending limits.

Intraday
Liquidity Management

The
Bank has an intra-day liquidity strategy that allows it to monitor and measure expected daily gross liquidity inflows and outflows and
ensure that arrangements to acquire sufficient intraday funding to meet its intraday needs is in place and it has the ability to deal
with unexpected disruptions to its liquidity flows.

Stress
Testing

Stress
testing is an integral part of the overall governance and liquidity risk management culture in banks. A stress test is commonly described
as an evaluation of the financial position of a bank under a severe but plausible scenario to assist in decision making within the bank.
Stress testing alerts a bank’s management to adverse unexpected outcomes as it provides forward looking assessment of risk and
facilitates better planning to address the vulnerabilities identified.

259

Table of Contents

Guidelines
on Banks’ Asset Liability Management Framework – Interest Rate Risk

In
February 17, 2023, the Reserve Bank of India released guideline on ‘Governance, measurement and management of Interest Rate Risk
in Banking Book’. Till the time date for implementation is communicated by Reserve Bank of India, the Bank is required to submit
the disclosures in the prescribed format to the Department of Regulation, Reserve Bank of India on quarterly basis with effect from the
quarter end March 2023. Features of the guideline include:

·   The
                                            framework is applicable only to the Banking Book i.e. trading book excluded from the framework;

·   The
                                            ‘Outlier’ test is to be considered under six different prescribed interest rate
                                            shock scenarios. Banks which generate a decline in Economic Value of Equity (“EVE”)
                                            (i.e., ΔEVE) of more than 15% of its Tier 1 capital shall be treated as ‘outliers’;
                                            and

·   Qualitative
                                            and quantitative disclosures are to be made annually in the prescribed format.

Information
Technology and Cyber Security

The
Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on Information Security, Electronic Banking, Technology Risk Management and Cyber Frauds (G.Gopalakrishna
Committee) broadly cover nine subject areas relating to information technology, including information technology governance, information
security, IT operations, IT services outsourcing, information systems audit, cyber frauds, business continuity planning, customer education
and legal issues. The implementation of the guidelines is to be monitored by the top management on an ongoing basis.

In
April 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued Master Direction on Outsourcing of Information Technology Services. Banks have been extensively
leveraging Information Technology (“IT”) and IT enabled services (ITeS) to support their business models, products and services
offered to their customers. Banks also outsource substantial portion of their IT activities to third parties, which expose them to various
risks. Banks intending to outsource any of its IT activities shall put in place a comprehensive Board approved IT outsourcing policy.
The policy shall incorporate, inter alia, the role and responsibilities of the Board, Committees of the Board, if any, and Senior Management,
IT function, business function, as well as oversight & assurance functions in respect of outsourcing of IT services.

Banks
shall put in place a Risk Management framework for Outsourcing of IT Services that shall comprehensively deal with the processes and
responsibilities for identification, measurement, mitigation/ management and reporting of risks associated with Outsourcing of IT Services
arrangements.

The
Reserve Bank of India’s Cyber Security Framework in Banks requires banks to put in place a cyber-security policy containing an
appropriate approach to combat cyber threats given the level of complexity of business and acceptable levels of risk. The cyber
security policy should be separate and distinct from the broader IT policy and the aspects that need to be covered in the
aforementioned strategy include an arrangement for continuous surveillance, IT architecture should be conducive to security,
comprehensive network and database security, protection of customer information, cyber crisis management plan, strengthening cyber
security, organizational arrangements and awareness about cyber security among senior/top management.

260

Table of Contents

In
April 2022, the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (“CERT-In”), a nodal agency for responding to computer security incidents
set up by the Government of India, issued directions on information security practices, procedure, prevention, response and reporting
of cybersecurity incidents for Safe and Trusted Internet. As per the directions issued, amongst other obligations, corporates including
banks are mandated to report all cyber incidents to CERT-In within 6 hours of noticing such incidents or being brought to their notice
about such incidents. Companies are required to maintain logs of all their information and communications technology (“ICT”)
systems for 180 days in India. A copy of ICT logs may be stored outside India also as long as the obligation to produce logs to CERT-In
is adhered to by the entities in a reasonable time.

Various
critical sectors such as power & energy; banking, financial services & insurance; telecom; transport; government and strategic
& public enterprises and subsequently their information technology infrastructure have been identified as critical information infrastructure
through a gazette notification by the Government of India. In June 2022, the computer resources of ICICI Bank relating to the Core
Banking Solution, Real Time Gross Settlement and National Electronic Fund Transfer comprising Structured Financial Messaging Server, were
declared as critical information infrastructure, and the computer resources of the Bank’s associated dependencies to
be protected systems under the Information Technology Act, 2000. All organisations having protected systems are required to
comply with certain rules notified by the Government of India and any incapacitation or destruction of protected system would cause a
debilitating impact on national security, governance, economy and social well-being of a nation.

See
also “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Technology—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking,
social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft
that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant
legal and financial exposure”.

Foreign
Currency Dealership

The
Reserve Bank of India has granted us a full-fledged authorized dealers’ license to deal in foreign exchange through our designated
branches. Under this license, we have been granted permission to:

•   engage
                                            in foreign exchange transactions in all currencies;

•   open
                                            and maintain foreign currency accounts abroad;

•   raise
                                            foreign currency and rupee-denominated deposits from non-resident Indians;

•   grant
                                            foreign currency loans to onshore and offshore corporations;

•   open
                                            documentary credits;

•   grant
                                            import and export loans;

•   handle
                                            collection of bills, and funds transfer services;

•   issue
                                            guarantees; and

•   enter
                                            into derivative transactions and risk management activities that are incidental to our normal
                                            functions authorized under our organizational documents and as permitted under the provisions
                                            of the Banking Regulation Act.

261

Table of Contents

Further,
banks are permitted to hedge foreign currency loan exposures of Indian corporations in the form of interest rate swaps, currency swaps
and forward rate agreements, subject to certain conditions. Banks in the authorized dealer category may become trading or clearing members
of the currency derivatives segment to be set up by stock exchanges recognized by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, subject
to their fulfilling the requirements of (i) minimum net worth of Rs. 5.0 billion, (ii) minimum capital adequacy ratio of 10.0%, (iii)
net non-performing assets not exceeding 3.0% and (iv) net profit for the previous three years.

Our
foreign exchange operations are subject to the guidelines specified by the Reserve Bank of India. As an authorized dealer, we are required
to enroll as a member of the Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, which prescribes the rules relating to foreign exchange business
in India. We are also among banks that submit data to regulatory authorities/bodies for the setting of financial benchmarks wherever
we are nominated. Banks submitting data have to implement an internal board approved policy on governance of the benchmark submission
process and periodically submit a confirmation on compliance with the guidelines. Further, the Financial Benchmarks India Private Limited
(“FBIL”) has been set up which administers the overnight interbank rate and is based on the actual traded rate every morning.
In March 2018, the Reserve Bank of India advised the Financial Benchmarks India Private Limited to take over the responsibility of computing
and disseminating of the reference rate for US$/Rupee and the exchange rate of other major currencies, and the FBIL began the process
from July 2018. Authorized dealers, like us, are required to determine our limits on open positions and maturity gaps in accordance with
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines and these limits are approved by the Reserve Bank of India.

Statutes
Governing Foreign Exchange and Cross-Border Business Transactions

Foreign
exchange and cross-border transactions undertaken by banks are subject to the provisions of FEMA. Banks are required to monitor transactions
of customers based on predefined rules using a risk-based approach which envisages identification of unusual transactions, undertaking
due diligence on such transactions and, if confirmed as suspicious, reporting to the Financial Intelligence Unit of the respective jurisdiction.
Our transaction monitoring system is periodically reviewed and is being supplemented with appropriate anti-money laundering software
technology solutions.

The
Reserve Bank of India issues guidelines on External Commercial Borrowings (“ECB”) and Trade Credits from time to time. The
framework comprises of two components: Foreign currency denominated ECB (“FCY ECB”) and rupee denominated ECB (“INR
ECB”). Lending by overseas branches and subsidiaries of Indian banks is permitted only for FCY ECB with the exception of convertible
bonds and exchangeable bonds in foreign currency. Financial intermediaries including Banks are not permitted to issue any type of guarantees
related to ECB.

The
all in-cost ceiling for new FCY ECB and TC is fixed at 500 basis points and 300 basis points, respectively, over the benchmark rates
and for ECB and TC linked to LIBOR whose benchmarks are changed to an alternative reference rate, the all-in cost ceiling has been revised
to 550 basis points and 350 basis points, respectively, over the alternative reference rate.

For
INR ECB, the benchmark is set to the prevailing yield of the Government of India securities of corresponding maturity. The minimum average
maturity period for ECB is three years. Tenors of trade credit are restricted to three years, and tenors longer than three years are
to be treated as external commercial borrowing.

262

Table of Contents

Utilization
of ECB are restricted for capital market investment or real estate investment or purchase of land and working capital purposes amongst
others with some exceptions. Borrowers are also permitted to raise external commercial borrowings for the purpose of refinancing an existing
external commercial borrowing. Partial refinance of existing external commercial borrowings is also permitted subject to certain conditions.
Indian banks are permitted to participate as arrangers/underwriters, market makers and traders in rupee-denominated bonds issued overseas
subject to prudential norms.

The
Reserve Bank of India issued directions in April 2020 on facilities for hedging exchange risk by residents and non-residents. According
to the directions, derivative products can be offered to any person resident in India or resident outside India having foreign exchange
risk on anticipated or contracted basis in line with issued guideline. This has been applicable since September 2020.

The
Reserve Bank of India has permitted non-residents to undertake transactions in the rupee interest rate derivatives markets for the purpose
of hedging interest rate risk or otherwise.

For
the purpose of other than hedging, non-residents, other than individuals are permitted to take overnight index swaps transactions directly
with market makers in India or by way of back to back arrangements through a foreign branch/parent/group entity of the market maker.

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued the Electronic Trading Platforms Directions, 2018. As per the directions, an Electronic Trading Platform
(“ETP”) is any electronic system, other than a recognized stock exchange, on which transactions in eligible instruments including
securities, money market instruments, foreign exchange instruments, derivatives, or other instruments as may be specified by the Reserve
Bank of India are contracted. In June 2019, the Reserve Bank of India introduced an electronic trading platform for buying/selling foreign
exchange by retail customers of banks. This is aimed at enhancing transparency, competition and better pricing for retail customers.
The platform can be accessed by any customer of a bank who has a need to purchase or sell US dollar against the rupee for delivery on
cash basis, tom basis or spot basis subject to certain conditions.

In
July 2021, the Reserve Bank of India issued guidelines on “Roadmap for LIBOR transition.” Banks were encouraged to cease,
and also encourage their customers to cease, entering into new financial contracts that reference LIBOR as a benchmark and instead use
any widely accepted Alternative Reference Rate, as soon as practicable and in any case by December 31, 2021. The publication of US$ LIBOR
and MIFOR ceased after June 30, 2023.

In
September 2021, the Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines for offering over-the-counter derivatives. It has prescribed broad
principles to be adhered to by market makers with respect to governance frameworks, introduction of new products, user dealing conduct,
pricing and valuation, risk management, internal control, and internal audit.

In
June 2022, the Reserve Bank of India issued Master Directions for exchange of variation margin to minimize the counterparty credit risk
arising out of dealing in Non Centrally Cleared Derivatives (NCCDs). As per the directions, a Domestic covered Entity shall exchange
Variation Margin with a counterparty to an NCCD transaction if the counterparty is a Domestic Covered Entity or a Foreign Covered Entity.
The guideline became effective from May 1, 2023.

263

Table of Contents

In
March 2020, Reserve Bank of India had permitted AD Category-1 bank operating International Financial Services Centre (“IFSC”)
Banking Units (“IBUs”), to offer non-deliverable derivative contracts (“NDDC”) involving the Rupee, or otherwise,
to persons not resident in India. Banks can undertake such transactions through their branches in India, through their IBUs or through
their foreign branches (in case of foreign banks operating in India, through any branch of the parent bank). Further, starting in June
2023, Reserve Bank of India has permitted AD Cat-I banks operating IBUs to offer NDDCs involving INR to resident non-retail users for
the purpose of hedging, such transactions shall be cash settled in INR and the flexibility of cash settlement of NDDCs transactions between
two AD Cat-I banks, and between an AD Cat-I bank and a person resident outside India in INR or any foreign currency.

In
December 2022, the Reserve Bank of India issued directions for hedging of commodity price risk and freight risk on the overseas market
through which eligible entities having exposure to commodity price risk for any eligible commodity may hedge such exposure in overseas
markets using any of the permitted products and may hedge exposure to price risk of gold only on exchanges in the IFSC recognised by
the International Financial Services Centres Authority (“IFSCA”). Banks may permit eligible entities to hedge commodity price
risk and freight risk overseas, including IFSC, using permitted products and may remit foreign exchange in respect of such transactions.

Moratorium,
Reconstruction and Amalgamation of Banks

The
Reserve Bank of India can apply to the Government of India to suspend the business of a banking company. The Government of India, after
considering the application of the Reserve Bank of India, may order a moratorium staying commencement of action or proceedings against
such company for a maximum period of six months. During such period of moratorium, the Reserve Bank of India may prepare a scheme for
the reconstruction of the bank or merger of the bank with any other bank only if: (a) in the public interest; (b) in the interest of
the depositors; (c) in order to secure the proper management of the bank; or (d) in the interests of the banking system of the country
as a whole. In circumstances entailing reconstruction of the bank or merger of the bank with another bank, the Reserve Bank of India
invites suggestions and objections on the draft scheme prior to placing the scheme before the Government of India for its approval. The
Indian central government may approve the scheme with or without modifications. The law does not require consent of the shareholders
or creditors of such banks. The Reserve Bank of India has consolidated all regulations relating to amalgamation of private sector banks
in the
Master Direction—Amalgamation of Private Sector Banks, Directions, 2016.

Regulations
on Amalgamation between Private Sector Banks and between Banks and Non-Banking Finance Companies

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on amalgamation between private sector banks and between banks and non-banking finance companies.
The guidelines particularly emphasize the examination of the rationale for mergers, the systemic benefits arising from it and the advantages
accruing to the merged entity. With respect to a merger between two private sector banks, the guidelines require the draft scheme of
merger to be approved by the shareholders of both banks with a two-thirds majority after approval by the boards of directors of the two
banks concerned. The draft scheme should also consider the impact of the merger on the valuation, profitability and capital adequacy
ratio of the amalgamating bank and verify that the reconstituted board conforms to the Reserve Bank of India norms. The approved scheme
needs to be submitted to the Reserve Bank of India for valuation and approval in accordance with the Banking Regulation Act, along with
other documentation such as the draft document of proposed merger, copies of all relevant notices and certificates, swap ratio, share
prices, and other key information. With respect to a merger of a bank and a nonbanking company, where the non-banking company is proposed
to be amalgamated with the bank, the banking company has to obtain the approval of the Reserve Bank of India after the scheme of amalgamation
is approved by its Board and the Board of the non-banking finance company, but before it is submitted to the tribunal for approval. See
also “
—Other Statutes—Competition Act
.”

264

Table of Contents

Financial
Stability and Development Council and Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission

The
Financial Stability and Development Council is an independent body established by the Government of India that oversees regulation and
strengthens mechanisms for maintaining financial stability. The institution monitors macro-prudential supervision of the economy and
the functioning of large financial conglomerates, addresses inter-regulatory coordination issues and focuses on financial literacy and
financial inclusion activities. The Government of India has also set up a Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission to review the
financial sector laws and to bring them in line with the requirements of the sector.

In
view of the growing significance of financial technology innovations and their interface with the financial sector, the sub-committee
of the Financial Stability and Development Council has set up a working group to look into aspects and developments in fintech. Accordingly,
the Reserve Bank of India set up a working group with representatives from various regulatory bodies, rating agencies and select banks.
The group has recommended introducing an appropriate framework for a ‘regulatory sandbox’ within a well-defined space and
duration. In fiscal 2021, the Reserve Bank of India introduced a thematic approach to regulatory sandbox in the fintech sector. The first
cohort was launched in 2019 focusing on retail payments as its theme, the second cohort was launched in 2020 with the theme cross border
payments,the third cohort focused on lending to micro, small and medium enterprises and the fourth cohort launched in 2021 on prevention
and mitigation of financial frauds. Reserve Bank of India announced the fifth cohort in September 2022 under regulatory sandbox which
was themed 'Neutral' wherein innovative products/ services/ technologies cutting across various functions in the Reserve Bank’s
regulatory domain would be eligible to apply. Cohorts are in the various phases of the testing & implementation intended for the
purpose of fostering innovation, with few success stories.

Income
Computation and Disclosure Standards

The
Central Board of Direct Taxes Income Computation and Disclosure Standards (“ICDS”) provides guidelines for computation of
taxable income. These guidelines are not for the purpose of maintaining the books of accounts. These guidelines are applicable to all
taxpayers, including us, that follow the accrual system of accounting for the purpose of computation of income. In case there is a conflict
between the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (the “Indian Income Tax Act”) and the income computation and disclosure
standards prescribed by the tax authority, the provisions of the Indian Income Tax Act shall prevail. The broad areas covered by the
guidelines issued by the tax authority include valuation of inventories, construction contracts, revenue recognition, tangible fixed
assets, effects of changes in foreign exchange rates, government grants, securities, borrowing costs, contingent liabilities and assets,
and relating to accounting policies.

Structural Reforms

Amendments to
the Banking Regulation Act

The Government
of India enacted the Banking Regulation (Amendment) Act 2017, which is deemed to have come into force on May 4, 2017. This amendment
added two sections to the Banking Regulation Act that enable the Government to authorize the Reserve Bank of India to direct banking
companies to resolve specific stressed assets by initiating an insolvency resolution process, where required. The Reserve Bank of India
has also been empowered to issue other directions for resolution, and appoint or approve for appointment, authorities or committees to
advise banking companies for stressed asset resolution.

265

Table of Contents

The Government
of India has also enacted the Banking Regulation (Amendment) Act 2020 which, among other things, brought co-operative banks under the
supervision of the Reserve Bank of India. The amendment also allows the Reserve Bank of India to prepare a scheme for the reconstruction
or amalgamation of a banking company without the necessity of first making an order of moratorium.

Other
Statutes

Companies
Act

Companies
in India, including banks, in addition to the sector-specific statutes and the regulations and guidelines prescribed by the sectoral
regulators, were required to comply with relevant provisions of the Companies Act 1956. The Companies Act includes provisions to make
independent directors more accountable, improve corporate governance practices and make corporate social responsibility mandatory for
companies above a certain size and require them to spend a minimum of 2.0% of the average net profits of the preceding three years for
corporate social responsibility initiatives. Any shortfall in this regard must be explained in the annual report. In January 2021, the
government made amendments to the corporate social responsibility rules, and made it mandatory to spend the minimum requirement of 2.0%
of average net profits of preceding three years. Any excess amount spend over and above the requirement for that year may be set off
against the requirement to spend for succeeding financial years. Any unspent amount in case of ongoing project has to be transferred
to the Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility Account and spent as stipulated under the Companies Act, 2013 and in other cases transfer
such unspent amount to the fund specified under Schedule VII of the Act within the stipulated period.

Competition
Act

The
Competition Act, 2002 established the Competition Commission of India with the objective of promoting competition, preventing unfair
trade practices and protecting the interest of consumers. The Competition Act, 2002 prohibits anti-competitive agreements and abuse of
market dominance, and requires the approval of the Competition Commission for mergers and acquisitions involving companies above a certain
size.

Secrecy
Obligations

The
obligations of banks relating to maintaining secrecy arise out of common law principles governing relationships with customers. Banks
cannot disclose any information to third parties except under clearly defined circumstances. The following are the exceptions to this
general rule:

•   where
                                            disclosure is required to be made under any law;

•   where
                                            there is an obligation to disclose to the public;

•   where
                                            we need to disclose information in its interest; and

•   where
                                            disclosure is made with the express or implied consent of the customer.

266

Table of Contents

Banks
are also required to disclose information if ordered to do so by a court. The Reserve Bank of India may, in the public interest, publish
the information obtained from the bank. Under the provisions of the Banker’s Books Evidence Act, a copy of any entry in a bankers’
book, such as ledgers, day books, cash books and account books certified by an officer of the bank may be treated as prima facie evidence
of the transaction in any legal proceeding.

Consolidated
Supervision Guidelines

Key
features of the Reserve Bank of India guidelines for consolidated accounting and consolidated supervision of banks are:

Consolidated
Financial Statements
: Banks are required to prepare consolidated financial statements intended for public disclosure.

Consolidated
Prudential Returns
: Banks are required to submit to the Reserve Bank of India consolidated prudential returns reporting their compliance
with various prudential norms on a consolidated basis, excluding insurance subsidiaries and group companies engaged in businesses not
pertaining to financial services.

See
also
“Selected Statistical Information—Loan Concentration.”

Regulations
and Guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

The
Securities and Exchange Board of India was established to protect the interests of investors in securities and to promote the development
of and to regulate the Indian securities market. We and our subsidiaries and affiliates are subject to the Securities and Exchange Board
of India regulations for public capital issuances, private placements as well as underwriting, custodian, designated depository participant,
merchant banker, depository participant, investment advisory, private equity, trading member, clearing member, asset management, portfolio
management, banker to the issue, research analyst and debenture trusteeship activities. These regulations provide for our/our subsidiaries
registration with the Securities and Exchange Board of India for each of these activities, functions and responsibilities. We and our
subsidiaries are required to adhere to codes of conduct applicable for these activities.

267

Table of Contents

Income
Tax Benefits

As
a banking company, the Bank is entitled to certain tax benefits under the Indian Income Tax Act. We are allowed a deduction of up to
20.0% of the profits derived from the business of providing long-term finance (defined as loans and advances extended for a period of
not less than five years) for industrial or agricultural development, development of infrastructure facility in India or development
of housing in India, computed in the manner specified under the Indian Income Tax Act and carried to a Special Reserve Account. The deduction
is allowed subject to the aggregate of the amounts transferred to the Special Reserve Account for this purpose from time to time not
exceeding twice our paid-up share capital and general reserves. The amount withdrawn from such a Special Reserve Account would be chargeable
to income tax in the year of withdrawal, in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Income Tax Act. In accordance with the guidelines
issued by the Reserve Bank of India in December 2013, banks are required to create deferred tax liability on the special reserve on a
prudent basis. The deferred tax liability is permitted to be charged through the profit and loss account. In India, while computing taxable
income, provision on non-performing loans is allowed as a deduction from income only up to 8.5% of the total income and 10.0% of the
aggregate average advances made by the rural branches of the bank. The balance of the provisions, which comprises a significant majority
of the provision, is allowed as a deduction from the taxable income at the time of write-off of the loans.

Regulations
Governing Insurance Companies

The
Insurance (Amendment) Act, 2021, was passed by the Indian Parliament and notified in March 2021. The Act, amongst other things, raised
the foreign investment limit in the insurance sector from 49.0% to a composite limit of 74.0%. An earlier amendment to the law eliminated
the requirement that promoters of an insurance company reduce their stake to 26.0% after 10 years.

ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, our subsidiary/associate and affiliate
offering life insurance and general insurance products, respectively, are subject to the provisions of the Insurance Act, 1938 and subsequent
rules and amendments notified, and the various regulations prescribed by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
(IRDAI or Authority). These regulate and govern, among other things, registration as an insurance company, investment, solvency margin
requirements, licensing/ registration of insurance agents and other insurance intermediaries, advertising, sale and distribution of insurance
products and services and protection of policyholders’ interests.

The
governance framework for insurance companies includes the board of directors, key management personnel, constitution of various committees
such as the policyholder protection committee, define the role of appointed actuaries, appointment of auditors and relationship with
stakeholders. The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India has also issued regulations on payment of commissions to agents
and insurance intermediaries and on expenses of management. The Authority also issued guidelines on insurance e-commerce allowing an
insurer or an insurance intermediary to set up an electronic platform for online sales and servicing.

The
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India periodically issues guidelines pertaining to life insurance business. The Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India has issued regulations relating to unit-linked life insurance products, non-linked life
insurance products and health insurance products. The key regulations on linked and non-linked products include a minimum sum assured
at seven times the annual premium; liquidity option for financial exigencies; lapse of policies and surrender values and increase in
revival period to three years for ULIPs and five years for traditional products. IRDAI has also issued Guidelines on Use and File for
certain categories of products (new products/riders (except individual saving, pension, annuity, group non-linked), modifications to
existing products), under which the Product Management Committee will be responsible for review and approval of the filing documents
and for ensuring systems, procedures, manuals, essential infrastructure for product launch and maintenance of insurance policies. IRDAI
has issued regulations specifying the licensing and registration requirements for agents and intermediaries for the purpose of soliciting
insurance products. IRDAI has amended the Corporate Agents Regulations to allow them to partner with up to nine insurance companies each
in life, non-life and health insurance sectors. Composite corporate agents may partner with up to 27 insurers.

268

Table of Contents

The
foreign investment rules shall be as prescribed by the Government. In 2020, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
permitted insurance intermediaries including insurance brokers, re-insurance brokers, corporate agents, third-party administrators and
such others to receive 100.0% foreign direct investment under the automatic route. IRDAI has also done away with the prior approval required
for raising Other Forms of Capital. The limit for raising other forms of capital has been increased from 25% to 50% of paid-up equity
capital and securities premium.

Regulations
Governing Mutual Funds

ICICI
Prudential Asset Management Company Limited (the AMC), our asset management subsidiary, is regulated by Securities and Exchange Board
of India (“SEBI”) for its asset management activity. The AMC is primarily governed by SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996,
SEBI (Portfolio Managers) Regulations, 2020 and SEBI (Alternative Investment Funds) Regulations 2012 and circulars issued under the respective
regulations. These regulations, among other things, provides for the requirements of registration , restrictions on business activities
of asset management companies, process/requirements for launching funds/portfolios, requirements for valuation policies and disclosures
and reporting requirements. Further, the respective regulations provide for investment restrictions applicable to the funds/portfolios.

The
key changes implemented and announced by SEBI in the aforesaid regulations during fiscal 2023 are as follows:

·   Revised
                                            Risk Management Framework implementation by Asset Management Companies (“AMC”).

·   Revision
                                            in mutual fund distributors code of conduct.

·   Alignment
                                            of interest of AMC with the Unitholders of the Mutual Fund Schemes. AMCs were required to
                                            invest seed capital in scheme(s) of the mutual fund, based on the risk associated with the
                                            scheme.

·   Circular
                                            on development of passive mutual fund schemes which covered various subjects such as Index
                                            constitution norms, Norms for Market Making Framework for ETFs, Direct transaction in ETFs
                                            through AMCs and Tracking Error and Tracking Difference of passive schemes.

·   Discontinuation
                                            of bundled products - no existing schemes or any new schemes which are proposed to be launched
                                            shall have bundled products (e.g., insurance features with respect to scheme investments,
                                            such as SIP-Insure and other programs).

·   Disclosure
                                            Norms for ESG Mutual Fund Schemes.

·   Effective
                                            October 2022, nomination becomes mandatory for investors investing in schemes of mutual fund.
                                            New investor should mandatorily opt in or opt out of nomination while subscribing to mutual
                                            fund units.

·   Two
                                            factor authentication for all digital transactions in mutual fund units made mandatory.

·   Effective
                                            January 2023, revisions in timelines for transfer of dividend and redemption proceeds to
                                            unitholders of mutual fund schemes.

·   Introduction
                                            of credit risk based single issuer limit for investment by mutual fund schemes in debt and
                                            money market instruments.

·   Revision
                                            or updation of scope for cyber security and vulnerability and penetrative testing parameters
                                            for AMCs.

269

Table of Contents

·   Norms
                                            for alternative investment funds which included timelines for declaration of first close,
                                            calculation of tenure of the funds, providing co-investment management services.

·   Performance
                                            benchmarking norms for portfolios managed by the asset management companies.

·   Introduction
                                            of investment limits for investments in associates by the portfolios managed by the asset
                                            management companies.

Regulations
Governing International Operations

Our
international operations are governed by regulations in the countries in which we have a presence. Further, the Reserve Bank of India
has notified that foreign branches/foreign subsidiaries of Indian banks/AIFIs can deal in financial products, including structured financial
products, which are not available or are not permitted by the Reserve Bank in the domestic market without prior approval of Reserve Bank,
subject to compliance with certain conditions. Also, the branches/subsidiaries of Indian banks/AIFIs operating in IFSCs including those
operating out of GIFT City can also deal in financial products, including structured financial products, which are not available or are
not permitted by the Reserve Bank in the domestic market subject to compliance with all applicable laws/regulations and conditions including
those prescribed by the host regulator.

Overseas
Banking Subsidiaries

Our
wholly owned subsidiary in the United Kingdom, ICICI Bank UK PLC, is authorized and regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority
and Financial Conduct Authority.
Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom has seven branches located
in the United Kingdom and one branch in mainland Europe, located in Eschborn, Germany.

Our
wholly owned subsidiary in Canada, ICICI Bank Canada (a Schedule II Bank in Canada), is regulated by the Office of the Superintendent
of Financial Institutions. Our subsidiary in Canada has 12 branches including the two I-lounges
and
three customer service centers.

Offshore
Branches

The
Foreign Exchange Management (Borrowing and Lending) Regulations, 2018, as amended, and rules issued thereunder, permit a branch located
outside India of a bank incorporated or constituted in India to borrow in foreign currency in the normal course of its banking business
outside India, subject to the directions or guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time and the regulatory authority
of the country where the branch is located.

Our
Singapore branch is currently engaged in corporate and institutional banking, private banking, retail banking and treasury-related activities.
The Singapore branch has Qualified Full Banking privileges which entitles us to take retail deposits. In Bahrain, we have a retail branch,
regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. The Bahrain branch is permitted to transact banking business with approved financial institutions,
and offer banking services to individuals and institutions in Bahrain and outside Bahrain. It is also permitted to offer banking services
to non-resident Indians in Bahrain. Hong Kong Monetary Authority is the prudential regulator for Hong Kong branch of ICICI Bank. Our
branch in the Dubai International Financial Centre (“DIFC”) is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority and is
licensed to accept deposits, provide credit, arrange credit or deal in investments and advise on financial products or credit. Our branch
in New York is regulated by the Federal Reserve Board and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Our branch in China is regulated
by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission. In addition, we also have an Offshore Banking Unit located in the Santacruz
Electronic Exports Promotion Zone, Mumbai and an IFSC Banking Unit at Unit No 408, 4th Floor, Brigade International Financial Centre,
GIFT Multi Services SEZ, Gandhinagar 382 344, Gujarat, India.

270

Table of Contents

In
December 2021, the Reserve Bank of India released a circular regarding infusion of capital in overseas branches and subsidiaries and
retention/repatriation/transfer of profits in these centers by banks incorporated in India. As per the circular, prior approval of the
Reserve Bank of India would not be required for capital infusion/ transfers (including retention/repatriation of profits) for banks which
meet the regulatory capital requirements (including capital buffers). Banks shall however seek the approval of their boards for the same.
Banks are required to report all such instances of infusion of capital and/retention/transfer/repatriation of profits in overseas branches
and subsidiaries to the Reserve Bank of India.

Regulations
Governing Banking Units in International Financial Services Centres in India

As
per guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, public and private sector banks dealing in foreign exchange are permitted to set
up one banking unit in each international financial services center in India. Banks will have to take prior approval of the Reserve Bank
of India for opening a banking unit, and this will be treated on par with a foreign branch of an Indian bank. In April 2020, the Government
established the International Financial Services Centres Authority, a unified authority for the development and regulation of financial
products, financial services and financial institutions in the International Financial Services Centre. In November 2020, the International
Financial Services Centres Authority announced regulations for banking and investment activities in the IFSC. Banking units were permitted
to undertake additional activities, subject to compliance with the terms and conditions or guidelines as specified by the Authority.

With
a view to further enhancing 'ease of doing banking business', the
International Financial Services Centres
Authority
 has issued the
International Financial Services Centres Authority
 Banking Handbook
which is a compendium of directions of the Authority to the IBU operating in GIFT IFSC and to the banking companies incorporated in India
or outside India looking to set up an IBU as a branch in GIFT IFSC. The Handbook is organised in three components, including: (a) General
directions, (b) Conduct of Business directions, and (c) Prudential Directions applicable to IBUs. The provisions of
International
Financial Services Centres Authority
 Banking Handbook has been effective since January 1, 2022. These respective handbooks are
updated from time to time by the
International Financial Services Centres Authority
 to incorporate
amendments.

In April
2022, the
International Financial Services Centres Authority
 released a guidance framework on sustainable
and sustainability linked lending by financial institutions in IFSC. As per the framework, international banking units shall develop
a board approved policy on sustainable lending by March 31, 2023. From financial year beginning April 1, 2023, entities shall have at
least 5% of their gross loans in the form of lending to green/social/sustainable/sustainability-linked sectors/facilities. The 5.0% target
shall be computed on incremental loans and advances in a financial year.

271

Table of Contents

Regulations
Governing Offshore Banking Units

The
Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India have permitted banks to set up offshore banking units in Special Economic Zones, which
are specially delineated duty-free enclaves deemed to be foreign territory for the purpose of trade operations, duties and tariffs. We
have an offshore banking unit located in the Santacruz Electronic Exports Promotion Zone, Mumbai. Offshore banking units are required
to adopt liquidity and interest rate risk management policies prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India in respect of overseas branches
of Indian banks as well as within the overall risk management and asset and liability management framework of the bank subject to monitoring
by the bank’s board of directors at prescribed intervals. Offshore banking units may raise funds in convertible foreign currency
as deposits and borrowings from non-residents including non-resident Indians but excluding overseas corporate bodies.

Representative
Offices

We
have representative offices in various jurisdictions that are regulated by the respective regulatory authorities.

Foreign
Account Tax Compliance Act

The
Government of India entered into a Model 1 inter-governmental agreement with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with the
United States. ICICI Bank is registered with the Internal Revenue Service in the United States. In addition, the United States has entered
into Model 1 inter-governmental agreements with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany,
Singapore, the United Arab Emirates, South Africa, Bahrain and reached a similar agreement in substance with China, Malaysia and Indonesia,
and a Model 2 inter-governmental agreement with respect to Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with Hong Kong. ICICI Bank has taken measures
to comply with the terms of applicable intergovernmental agreements with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and any regulations
issued thereunder.

Common
Reporting Standards

The Common Reporting
Standard formally referred to as the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information, is an information standard for
the automatic exchange of information, developed in the context of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. In India
requirements under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act/Common Reporting Standard are implemented by the Central Board of Direct Taxes.
The common reporting standard has been adopted by the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, South
Africa, China, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain.

272

Table of Contents

Exchange
Controls

Restrictions
on Conversion of Rupees

There
are restrictions on the conversion of rupees into dollars. The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 regulates transactions involving
foreign exchange and provides that certain transactions cannot be carried out without the general or special permission of the Reserve
Bank of India. The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 has substantially eased the restrictions on current account transactions (with
a few exceptions). However, the Reserve Bank of India continues to exercise control over capital account transactions (i.e., those which
alter the assets or liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of persons). The Government of India has notified rules and the Reserve
Bank of India has issued regulations under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 to regulate the various kinds of capital account
transactions, including certain aspects of the purchase and issuance of shares of Indian companies. The Reserve Bank of India has also
permitted authorized dealers to freely allow remittances by individuals up to US$ 250,000 subject to certain restrictions per financial
year for any permissible current or capital account transactions or a combination of both, under the Liberalized Remittance Scheme.

Restrictions
on Sale of the Equity Shares underlying ADSs and Repatriation of Sale Proceeds

There
are no end-use restrictions on ADR issue proceeds except for the real estate sector and stock markets, in which investment of ADR issue
proceeds is prohibited.

An
ADR holder is entitled to hold or transfer ADRs or redeem them into underlying ordinary shares with the option to continue holding ordinary
shares. ADR holders have the same rights in respect of bonus and rights issues as any ordinary shareholder of the company.

ADSs
issued by Indian companies to non-residents have free convertibility outside India. Under current Indian laws there is a general permission
for the sale or transfer of equity shares underlying ADSs obtained after conversion of ADRs by a person not resident in India to a resident
of India if the sale is proposed to be made through a recognized stock exchange or when the underlying shares are being sold in terms
of an offer made under Securities Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011. For all
other cases of sale of shares underlying the ADRs, permission of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

If
a sale of securities has taken place in terms of the rules laid down by the government, Reserve Bank of India guidelines and other applicable
regulations, then provided the sale proceeds may be freely remitted as long as (i) the securities were held on repatriation basis, (ii)
either the securities has been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India or Reserve Bank of
India’s approval has been obtained in other cases and (iii) a no objection or tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority
has been obtained.

A
new scheme called ‘Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014’ (DR Scheme, 2014) for facilitating issue of depository receipts outside
India has been effective from December 15, 2014 which provides for repeal of extant guidelines for Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds
and Ordinary Shares (Through Depositary Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 except to the extent relating to foreign currency convertible
bonds.

The
issuance of fresh depositary receipts and any changes or modifications in the existing terms and conditions of ADR/GDR should be in accordance
with DR Scheme, 2014 or/and be subject to approval or clarification from Reserve Bank of India or the Securities and Exchange Board of
India.

273

Table of Contents

In
terms of schedule IX of the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 dated October 17, 2019, pertaining to investment
in Depository receipts by a person resident outside India, the guidelines are as below:

Issue
or transfer of eligible instruments to a foreign depository for the purpose of issuance of depository receipts by eligible person(s)-

(a)   Any security or unit in which a person
                                            resident outside India is allowed to invest under these rules shall be eligible instruments
                                            for issue of Depository Receipts in terms of DR Scheme, 2014.

(b)   A person shall be eligible to issue
                                            or transfer eligible instruments to a foreign depository for the purpose of issuance of depository
                                            receipts in accordance with the DR Scheme, 2014 and guidelines issued by the Central Government
                                            in this regard.

(c)   A domestic custodian may purchase eligible
                                            instruments on behalf of a person resident outside India, for the purpose of converting the
                                            instruments so purchased into depository receipts in terms of DR Scheme, 2014.

(d)   The aggregate of eligible instruments
                                            which may be issued or transferred to foreign depositories, along with eligible instruments
                                            already held by persons resident outside India, shall not exceed the limit on foreign holding
                                            of such eligible instruments under the Act, rules or regulations framed there under.

(e)   The eligible instruments shall not be
                                            issued or transferred to a foreign depository for the purpose of issuing depository receipts
                                            at a price less than the price applicable to a corresponding mode of issue or transfer of
                                            such instruments to domestic investors under the applicable laws.

Depository
Receipts issued under the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme,
1993 shall be deemed to have been issued under the corresponding provisions of DR Scheme 2014 and have to comply with the provisions
specified in this schedule.

The
Securities and Exchange Board of India, via circular dated October 10, 2019 has provided a framework for the issuance of depositary receipts.
As per the circular, only a company incorporated in India and listed on a recognized stock exchange in India may issue permissible securities
or their holders may transfer permissible securities, for the purpose of issuing depositary receipts subject to compliance with the eligibility
criteria defined by the Securities and Exchange Board of India. Securities and Exchange Board of India has further issued operational
guidelines dated October 1, 2020 for monitoring foreign holding in depository receipts. Pursuant to the operational guidelines, every
listed company shall appoint one Indian depository as the designated depository for the purposes of monitoring such limits. Subsequently,
Securities and Exchange Board of India issued a circular dated December 18, 2020, according to which non-resident indians shall neither
subscribe to any further issue nor make any further acquisition of DRs except issue of DRs to non-resident indians pursuant to share
based employee benefit schemes or pursuant to bonus issue or rights issue. The Listed Company has the obligation to identify the non-resident
indian holders who are issued DRs in terms of employee benefit scheme and provide such information to the designated depository for monitoring
limits.

274

Table of Contents

Restriction
on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities

The Government
of India strictly regulates ownership of Indian companies by foreigners. Foreign investment in securities issued by Indian companies,
including the equity shares represented by ADSs, is governed by the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, and rules and regulations
thereunder, as amended from time to time (“Act”). The Act authorizes the Reserve Bank of India to impose restrictions on
inflow or outflow of foreign exchange and provides that certain transactions cannot be carried out without the general or special permission
of the Reserve Bank of India or relevant departments of the Government of India. The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 has eased
restrictions on current account transactions. However, the Reserve Bank of India continues to exercise control over capital account transactions
(i.e., those which alter the assets or liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of persons). The Government has laid down rules
and the Reserve Bank of India has issued regulations under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 to regulate the various kinds of
capital account transactions, including certain aspects of the purchase and issuance of shares of Indian companies.

The issue or transfer
of any security of an Indian company by a person resident outside of India, foreign investment in equity instruments (equity shares,
compulsorily convertible debentures, compulsorily convertible preference shares and share warrants) as well as issuance of rupee denominated
shares for issuing ADSs, are all governed by applicable rules and regulations issued under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999
and by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, and may be made only in accordance with the terms and conditions specified under such
rules and regulations.

The foreign investment
limit in Indian companies includes, in addition to foreign direct investments, investment by Foreign Portfolio Investors, Non-Resident
Indians, Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds, American Depository Receipts, Global Depository Receipts and convertible preference shares
held by foreign entities.

The Foreign Exchange
Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, as amended (“Rules”) provide for, among other things, the following restrictions
on foreign ownership for private sector banks:

·   Foreign
                                            investors (including indirect foreign investment made by foreign portfolio investors) may
                                            own up to 74.0% of the equity share capital of a private sector bank in India subject to
                                            rules and regulations issued by the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India from
                                            time to time. While foreign investment up to 49.0% in private sector banks does not require
                                            any specific approval, foreign investment beyond 49.0% and up to 74.0% requires prior approval
                                            of the Government of India, unless such investments are otherwise exempted from the requirement
                                            for approval. Investments by foreign investors exempted from the requirement for Government
                                            of India approval include aggregate foreign portfolio investment (as defined in the Rules)
                                            up to 49.0% of the paid-up capital on a fully diluted basis or a sectoral cap (whichever
                                            is lower) that does not result in the transfer of ownership or control of the resident Indian
                                            company from resident Indian citizens or transfer of ownership or control to persons resident
                                            outside India, and other investments by a person resident outside India shall be subject
                                            to the conditions of Government approval and compliance of sectoral conditions as laid down
                                            in the Rules. The Rules allow Indian companies to freely issue rights and bonus shares to
                                            existing non-resident shareholders, subject to adherence to sectoral cap and fulfilling certain
                                            conditions laid out in the applicable laws and statute. The aggregate foreign investment
                                            limit of 74.0% includes investments by way of foreign direct investments, ADSs/Global Depositary
                                            Receipts (Depository Receipts), Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (mandatorily and compulsorily
                                            convertible) and investment under the Portfolio Investment Scheme by foreign portfolio investors
                                            and non-resident Indians/Overseas Citizens of India, and also includes shares acquired by
                                            subscription to private placements and public offerings and acquisition of shares from existing
                                            shareholders. At least 26.0% of the paid-up capital would have to be held by Indian residents
                                            at all times, except in regard to a wholly owned subsidiary of a foreign bank.

275

Table of Contents

·   Additionally,
                                            in case of proposals requiring prior approval of the Government of India, those proposals
                                            involving total foreign equity inflow of more than Rs. 50.0 billion, shall require approval
                                            of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.

·   An
                                            individual non-resident Indian’s holding is restricted to 5.0% of the total paid-up
                                            share capital both on repatriation and non-repatriation basis and the aggregate limit of
                                            investment by all non-resident Indians cannot exceed 10.0% of the total paid up capital both
                                            on repatriation and non-repatriation basis. However, non-resident Indian holdings can be
                                            allowed up to 24.0% of the total paid-up capital, both on repatriation and non-repatriation
                                            basis, subject to a special resolution to this effect passed by the shareholders of the bank.

·   Aggregate
                                            holding by a person along with his relatives, associate enterprises and persons acting in
                                            concert with him, whether directly or indirectly, beneficial or otherwise, of shares or voting
                                            rights, of 5% or more of the paid-up share capital or voting rights (“major shareholding”)
                                            in a banking company shall require prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India pursuant to
                                            Reserve Bank of India (Acquisition and Holding of Shares or Voting Rights in Banking Companies)
                                            Directions dated January 16, 2023. The persons from Financial Action Task Force non-compliant
                                            jurisdictions shall not be permitted to acquire major shareholding in a banking company.
                                            However, existing major shareholding by persons from Financial Action Task Force non-compliant
                                            jurisdiction shall be continued, provided that there shall not be any further acquisition
                                            without prior approval of the Reserve Bank. If aggregate holding of a person falls below
                                            5%, fresh Reserve Bank of India approval will be required for raising it again to 5% or above. Additionally, the ceiling on voting rights for a single shareholder is 26.0% of the total voting rights of all shareholders of the bank.

Under the Portfolio
Investment Scheme:

i.   Effective from April 1, 2020, foreign
                                            portfolio investors, as referred in Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio
                                            Investors) Regulations, 2019, may hold share capital up to sectoral cap applicable to such
                                            Indian company. However, an Indian company may, with the resolution of its board of directors
                                            and a special resolution: (i) decrease the aggregate limit before March 31, 2020 to a lower
                                            threshold of 24.0% or 49.0% or 74.0% or (ii) increase the aggregate limit to 49.0% or 74.0%
                                            or the sectoral cap or any statutory ceiling. However, once the aggregate limit is increased,
                                            the limit cannot be reduced later. No single foreign portfolio investor may own 10.0% or
                                            more of total paid-up equity capital on behalf of itself or its sub-accounts.

ii.   Overseas corporate bodies are not permitted
                                            to invest under the Portfolio Investment Scheme, although they may continue to hold investments
                                            that have already been made under the Portfolio Investment Scheme until such time as these
                                            investments are sold on the stock exchange. Overseas corporate bodies are derecognized as
                                            a class of investor entity by the Reserve Bank of India under various routes and schemes
                                            under the foreign exchange rules and regulations.

276

Table of Contents

Foreign Portfolio Investment Scheme
– Purchase of shares or convertible debentures or warrants

The Securities
and Exchange Board of India issued the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, as
amended from time to time. Under the foreign portfolio investment regime, foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts and
qualified foreign investors were merged into a new investor class called as foreign portfolio investors. A foreign portfolio
investor registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India can purchase shares or convertible debentures or warrants of an
Indian company. The total holding by each foreign portfolio investor or an investor group shall be less than 10.0% of the total
paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or less than 10.0% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference
shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company. If the total investment exceeds the aforementioned threshold limit, the foreign portfolio investor shall divest the excess holding within five trading days from the date of settlement of the
trades resulting in the breach. In the event of failure to do so, the entire investment in the company by such foreign portfolio
investors including its investor group shall be considered as Foreign Direct Investment and the foreign portfolio investor and its
investor group shall not make further portfolio investment in that company. The clubbing of investment limit of foreign portfolio
investors is based on common ultimate beneficial ownership. Except for the exemptions provided in these regulations, multiple
entities registered as foreign portfolio investors and directly or indirectly, having common ownership of more than 50.0% or common
control, shall be treated as part of the same investor group and the investment limits of all such entities shall be clubbed at the
investment limit as applicable to a single foreign portfolio investor.

Transfer of equity instruments
by a person resident outside India

A person resident
outside India (other than a non-resident Indian/overseas citizen of India or a former overseas corporate body) may transfer by way of
sale or gift the equity instruments of an Indian company or units held by him or it to any person resident outside India provided that:

i.   prior
                                            government approval shall be obtained for any transfer in case the company is engaged in
                                            a sector which requires government approval;

ii.   where
                                            the equity instruments are held by the person resident outside India on a non-repatriable
                                            basis, the transfer by way of sale where the transferee intends to hold the equity instruments
                                            on a repatriable basis, shall be in compliance with and subject to the adherence to entry
                                            routes, sectoral caps or investment limits, as specified in Rules and attendant conditionalities
                                            for such investment, pricing guidelines, documentation and reporting requirements for such
                                            transfers, as may be specified by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time.

A person resident
outside India holding equity instruments of an Indian company or units:

i.   may
                                            transfer the same to a person resident in India by way of gift;

ii.   may
                                            sell the same to a person resident in India on a recognized stock exchange in India through
                                            a registered broker in the manner prescribed by Securities and Exchange Board of India; or

iii.   may
                                            sell the same to a person resident in India, subject to the adherence to pricing guidelines,
                                            documentation and reporting requirements for such transfers as may be specified by the Reserve
                                            Bank of India in consultation with the Government from time to time.

The Reserve Bank
of India guidelines relating to acquisition by purchase or otherwise of shares or voting rights of a banking company, if such acquisition
results in any person owning or controlling 5.0% or more of the paid-up share capital or voting rights of the banking company, are also
applicable to foreign investment, whether directly or indirectly, beneficial or otherwise. For more details on the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines relating to acquisition and holding of shares or voting rights in banking companies, see “
Supervision and Regulation—Ownership
Restrictions
”.

Reporting of foreign investments

The Reserve Bank
of India has issued guidelines on reporting of foreign investments with the objective of integrating different reporting structures for
foreign investments in India. As per the guidelines issued on June 7, 2018, a Single Master Form has been introduced that must be filed
online. The Single Master Form, as amended from time to time, provides a facility for reporting total foreign investments in an Indian
entity as well as investments by persons residing outside India in an investment vehicle.

277

Table of Contents

Indian entities
not complying with this pre-requisite will not be able to receive foreign investments (including indirect foreign investments) and will
be deemed non-compliant under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and regulations made thereunder, as amended from time to time.

From September
2018, all the reporting prescribed under “Foreign Investment in India”, except if specifically stated otherwise, is required
to be done through the Single Master Form, as amended from time to time, available on the Foreign Investment Reporting and Management
System platform of the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India through its circular dated January 4, 2023, advised that the
forms submitted with respect to reporting of foreign investment in Single Master Form on Firms Portal will be auto-acknowledged and the
Authorised Dealer Category-I banks shall verify the same within five working days based on the uploaded documents, as specified. Further,
in case of forms filed with delayed reporting of less than or equal to three years, the Authorised Dealer Category-I banks will approve
the same, subject to payment of late submission fee. For delayed reporting greater than three years, the Authorised Dealer Category-I
bank will approve the forms subject to compounding of contravention. Under the erstwhile provisions, in case of delayed reporting, the case was supposed to be referred to Reserve Bank of India, whereas basis
the recent amendment, powers have been given to Authorised Dealer to approve delayed reporting subject to payment of late submission fees/compounding,
as the case may be.

Currently, an
Indian entity or an investment vehicle making a downstream investment in another Indian entity which is considered as indirect
foreign investment for the investee Indian entity in terms of Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instrument) Rules, 2019, shall
notify the Secretariat for Industrial Assistance, DIPP, about such investment (including modality of investment in new/existing
ventures) within 30 days of such investment, even if shares have not been allotted. Such entity or investment vehicle shall also file Form DI with the
Reserve Bank of India within 30 days, from the date of allotment of equity instruments.

Issue of ADSs

Indian companies
are permitted to raise foreign currency resources through the issuance of shares represented by ADSs to foreign investors under the Depository
Receipts Scheme, 2014, as amended from time to time. Such issuance is subject to sectoral cap, entry route, minimum capitalization norms,
pricing norms, among other things, as applicable as per the rules and regulations established by the Government of India and/or Reserve
Bank of India from time to time in this regard.

An Indian company
issuing ADSs must comply with certain reporting requirements specified by the Reserve Bank of India. An Indian company may issue ADSs
if it is eligible to issue shares to persons resident outside India under the foreign direct investment scheme, and shall not exceed
the limit on foreign holding of such eligible securities under the extant Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules made thereunder,
as amended from time to time. Similarly, an Indian company which is not eligible to raise funds from the Indian capital markets, including
a company which has been restricted from accessing the securities market by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, will not be eligible
to issue ADSs. As per the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, if the issue or purchase of permissible securities underlying the depository
receipts does not require approval under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, no Government of India approval will be required
for issuance, purchase or holding of such depository receipts.

For disposal of
ADSs, investors may need to seek specific approval from Government of India on a case-by-case basis. However, overseas corporate bodies
as defined under applicable rules, which are not eligible to invest in India and entities prohibited to buy, sell or deal in securities
by the Securities and Exchange Board of India are not eligible to subscribe to ADSs issued by Indian companies. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if any investor were to withdraw its equity shares from the ADS program, its investment would be subject to the general restrictions
on foreign ownership noted above and may be subject to the portfolio investment restrictions. Secondary purchases of securities of a
banking company in India by foreign direct investors or investments by non-resident Indians, and foreign portfolio investors above the
ownership levels set forth above require the Indian government’s approval on a case-by-case basis. It is unclear whether similar
case-by-case approvals of ownership of equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility by non-resident Indians, overseas corporate
bodies and foreign institutional investors would be required.

278

Table of Contents

Furthermore, if
an investor withdraws equity shares from the ADS program and its direct or indirect holding in a private Indian bank is equal to or exceeds
25.0% of its total equity, or when such holding is or exceeds 25.0% of the total equity and thereafter such investor acquires additional
5.0% equity within any financial year, such investor may be required to make a public offer for acquiring shares of the remaining shareholders
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations 2011, as amended from
time to time. For more details on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines relating to acquisition by purchase or otherwise of shares of
a private bank, see “
Supervision and Regulation—Ownership Restrictions
”.

Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014

An eligible person
may now, issue or transfer eligible securities to a foreign depository for the purpose of issuance of depository receipts in terms of
Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, as amended from time to time. However, depository receipts issued under the Issue of Foreign Currency
Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 shall be deemed to have been issued under the
corresponding provisions of the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014.

279

Table of Contents

Dividends

Under Indian law,
a company pays dividends upon a recommendation by its Board of Directors and approval by a majority of the shareholders at the annual
general meeting of shareholders held within six months from the end of each fiscal year. The shareholders have the right to decrease
but not increase the dividend amount recommended by the Board of Directors. Dividends may be paid out of the company’s profits
for the fiscal year for which the dividend is declared or out of undistributed profits of prior fiscal years, after excluding amount
representing unrealized gains, notional gains or revaluation of assets and any change in carrying amount of an asset or of a liability
on measurement of the asset or the liability at fair value. Dividends can also be paid by a company in the interim period, termed “interim
dividend” which does not require the approval of the shareholders unless it is combined with the final dividend being recommended
by the Board of Directors. The Reserve Bank of India has stipulated that banks may declare and pay dividend out of the profits from the
relevant accounting period, without prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India if they satisfy the minimum prudential requirements and
subject to the prudential cap on dividend payout ratio prescribed in the guidelines issued in this regard by the Reserve Bank of India.
See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Restrictions on Payment of Dividends
”. Equity shares issued by us are pari
passu in all respects including dividend entitlement.

We have paid dividends
consistently every year from fiscal 1996, the second year of our operations, other than for fiscal 2020, as the Board of Directors did
not recommend any dividend in view of the Reserve Bank of India circular ‘Declaration of dividends by banks (Revised)’ dated
April 17, 2020, directing banks not to make any dividend payouts from the profits pertaining to fiscal 2020, with the intent that banks
conserve capital to retain their capacity to support the economy and absorb losses in an environment of heightened uncertainty caused
by COVID-19.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the dividend per equity share and the total amount of dividends paid out on the equity shares
during the fiscal year by ICICI Bank, each exclusive of dividend tax. This may be different from the dividend declared for the year.

Dividend per equity share   Total amount of dividends paid
(in Rs.)   (Rs. in billion)
Dividend paid during the fiscal year
2019   1.50   9.7
2020   1.00   6.4
2021   Nil   Nil
2022   2.00   13.9
2023   5.00   34.8

From fiscal 2021,
dividend income is taxable in the hands of shareholders and companies are not liable to pay dividend distribution tax on distributed
profits.

For fiscal 2023,
the Board of Directors has proposed a dividend, excluding dividend tax, of Rs. 8.00 per equity share, which will be paid during fiscal
2024 after approval by the shareholders in the forthcoming annual general meeting.

Future dividends
will depend upon our revenues, cash flow, financial condition, the regulations of the Reserve Bank of India and other factors. Owners
of ADSs will be entitled to receive dividends payable in respect of the equity shares represented by such ADSs. The equity shares represented
by ADSs rank pari passu with existing equity shares. At present, we have equity shares issued in India and equity shares represented
by ADSs.

280

Table of Contents

Taxation

Indian Tax

The following discussion
of material Indian tax consequences to investors in ADSs and equity shares who are not resident in India, regardless of whether such
investors are of Indian origin or not (each, a “non-resident investor”), is based on the provisions of the Indian Income-tax
Act, 1961 (the Income Tax Act), including the special tax regime for ADSs contained in section 115AC of the Income Tax Act, which has
been extended to cover additional ADSs that an investor may acquire in a merger or restructuring of the company, and certain regulations
implementing the section 115AC regime. The Income-tax Act is amended every year by the Finance Act of the relevant year. Some or all
of the tax consequences described herein may be amended or modified by future amendments to the Income-tax Act. This summary is not intended
to constitute a complete analysis of the tax consequences under Indian law of the acquisition, ownership and sale of ADSs and equity
shares by non-resident investors. Holders should, therefore, consult their own tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of such acquisition,
ownership and sale, including the tax consequences under Indian law, the law of the jurisdiction of their residence, any tax treaty between
India and their country of residence, and in particular the application of the regulations implementing the section 115AC regime.

Residence

For the purposes
of the Income-tax Act, an individual is a resident of India during any fiscal year if such individual:

(a)
is in India in that year for 182 days or more or

(b)
is in India for a period or periods aggregating 365 days or more during the four years preceding that fiscal year and periods aggregating
60 days or more in that fiscal year.

The period of 60
days is replaced with 182 days (where an individual is having income in India other than foreign source less than Rs. 1.5 million)/replaced
with 120 days (where an individual is having income in India other than foreign source more than Rs. 1.5 million) in the case of an Indian
citizen or person of Indian origin who, being resident outside India, comes on a visit to India during the fiscal year.

The period of 60
days is replaced with 182 days in the case of:

·   an
                                            Indian citizen who leaves India for purposes of employment or

·   as
                                            a member of the crew of an Indian ship during the fiscal year.

A company is resident
in India in any fiscal year if it is an Indian company or its place of effective management in that year is in India. A firm or other
association of persons is resident in India except where the control and the management of its affairs are situated wholly outside India.

Taxation of Distributions

As per provision
of the income tax laws, dividend received in respect of ADS will be taxable at the rate of 10% and payer of the dividend would be required
to deduct tax at the rate of 10%.

Taxation on Exchange
of ADSs

The receipt of
equity shares upon the surrender of ADSs by a non-resident investor would not give rise to a taxable event for Indian tax purposes.

281

Table of Contents

Taxation on Sale
of ADSs or Equity Shares

Any transfer of
ADSs outside India by a non-resident investor to another non-resident investor will not give rise to Indian capital gains tax in the
hands of the transferor. Gains on the transfer of ADSs by Foreign Institutional Investors to an Indian resident will be subject to capital
gains tax.

Subject to any
relief under any relevant double taxation treaty, gain arising from the sale of an equity share will generally give rise to liability
for Indian income tax in the hands of the transferor and tax will be required to be withheld at source. Gains will either be taxable
as capital gains or as business income, depending upon the nature of holding. Where the equity share has been held for more than 12 months
(measured from the date on which the request for redemption of the ADS was made), the resulting long-term capital gains will be taxable
as per the provision of the Income Tax Act, at the rate of 10% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess) under the provision
of the Income Tax Act, if the total long-term capital gain exceeds Rs. 0.1 million and the shares are traded on a recognized stock exchange
and the securities transaction tax, described below, is paid on such sale and purchase. For computing capital gains relating to the acquisition
made before February 1, 2018, the cost of acquisition shall be higher of actual cost of acquisition or lower of price of equity shares
quoted on stock exchange on January 31, 2018 (if no trading then immediately preceding day) or sale price. Further, an additional requirement
for payment of securities transaction tax on conversion of ADSs to equity shares has been relaxed subject to certain conditions. If the
equity share has been held for 12 months or less, the resulting short-term capital gains will be taxable at a tax rate of 15% (plus the
applicable surcharge and education cess). This rate of tax is applicable provided the gains are treated as capital gains and provided
the shares are sold on recognized Indian stock exchanges and are subject to securities transaction tax. In other cases, the rate of tax
applicable under the provisions of the Income-tax Act varies, subject to a maximum rate of 40% (plus the applicable surcharge and education
cess). The actual rate depends on a number of factors, including without limitation the nature of the non-resident investor.

The above rate
may be reduced under the provisions of the double taxation treaty entered into by the Government of India with the country of residence
of the non-resident investors. The double taxation treaty between the United States and India (the “Treaty”) does not provide
U.S. residents with any relief from Indian tax on capital gains i.e. it will be taxable as per the local laws of India.

Tax on
long-term and short-term capital gains, if payable, as discussed above, upon a sale of equity shares,

(a)   To
                                            be deducted at source by the person responsible for paying the non-resident, in accordance
                                            with the relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act. As per the provisions of the Income Tax
                                            Act, any income by way of capital gains payable to non-residents may be subject to withholding
                                            of tax at the rate under the Income Tax Act or the double taxation treaty, whichever is more
                                            beneficial to the assessee, unless a lower withholding tax certificate is obtained from the
                                            tax authorities.

(b)   To
                                            get the benefit of the applicable double taxation treaty, the non-resident investor must
                                            furnish a certificate of his or her residence in a country outside India and such other documents
                                            as may be prescribed under the Act such as valid Permanent Account Number issued by the Indian
                                            Income Tax authorities or tax identification number issued by the Income Tax authorities
                                            country of tax residence along with certain other details such as name, e-mail ID, contact
                                            number, address etc.

Where Permanent
Account Number is submitted, it should be linked to Aadhaar (applicable in case of individuals if Aadhaar is obtained in India) and investor
should have filed his income tax returns in India in past one year, otherwise tax will be deducted at the higher rate which may go upto
20% or more.

282

Table of Contents

(c)   The
                                            non-resident will be entitled to a certificate evidencing such tax deduction in accordance
                                            with the provisions of the Income Tax Act.

(d)   However,
                                            as per of the Income Tax Act, no deduction of tax shall be made from capital gain arising
                                            from transfer of securities, payable to a Foreign Institutional Investor.

For purposes of
determining the amount of capital gains arising on a sale of an equity share for Indian tax purposes, the cost of acquisition of an equity
share received upon the surrender of an ADS will be the price of the share prevailing on the BSE Limited or the National Stock Exchange
of India Limited on the date a request for such redemption was made. The holding period of an equity share received upon the surrender
of an ADS will commence on the date on which request for such redemption of the ADS was made.

A sale/purchase
of equity shares entered into on a recognized stock exchange in India, whether settled by actual delivery or transfer, will be subject
to the securities transaction tax in the hands of purchaser and seller at the rate of 0.1% on the value of the transaction at the time
of sale. However, when settlement is done other than by actual delivery or transfer, it will be subject to the securities transaction
tax in the hands of seller at the rate of 0.025% on the value of the transaction at the time of sale.

Rights

Distributions to
non-resident investors of additional ADSs or equity shares or rights to subscribe for equity shares made with respect to ADSs or equity
shares are not subject to Indian income tax in the hands of the non-resident investor.

In case of capital
gains derived from the extinguishment of rights outside India by a non-resident investor that is not entitled to exemption under a tax
treaty, to another non-resident investor, the sale may be deemed by the Indian tax authorities to be situated within India (as our situs
is in India), in which case, any gains realized on the sale of the rights will be subject to Indian capital gains taxation, in the manner
discussed above under
“—Taxation on Sale of ADSs or Equity Shares”
.

Bonus

The holding period
in case of bonus shares will commence from the date of allotment of such bonus shares. The cost of acquisition of bonus shares acquired
before January 31, 2018 will be the fair market value of the bonus shares as on January 31, 2018 but shall not exceed the sales price.
The cost of acquisition of bonus shares acquired after January 31, 2018 will be considered as nil.

General Anti Avoidance
Rule

The provisions
for General Anti Avoidance of Tax are effective from April 1, 2017. The powers to invoke provisions under General Anti Avoidance of Tax
are bestowed upon the Indian Income Tax Authorities if they allege that the primary motive of a particular transaction or arrangement
is to obtain a tax advantage. If provisions under General Anti Avoidance of Tax are invoked by tax authorities, then a tax benefit or
benefit under the tax treaty may be denied.

Stamp Duty

283

Table of Contents

Pursuant to an
amendment to the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 effective July 1, 2020, stamp duty is payable on any issue/ transfer of equity shares in non-physical
form. Our equity shares are compulsorily delivered in non-physical form.

Upon the issuance
of the equity shares underlying ADSs, we, are required to pay a stamp duty of 0.005% of the total market value of the equity shares issued.
A transfer of ADSs is not subject to stamp duty under Indian law. However, transfer of equity shares (on delivery basis) by a non-resident
investor is subject to stamp duty at the rate of 0.015% of the market value of the equity shares on the trade date. Such stamp duty is
payable, (i) by the buyer in case the transfer of equity shares is through a stock exchange and (ii) by the seller in case the transfer
of equity shares is other than through a stock exchange or is through a depository or is other than through a depository.

Other Taxes

At present, there
are no taxes on wealth, gifts or inheritance which apply to the ADSs or underlying equity shares.

Goods and Services
Tax

Goods
and Services Tax is a single comprehensive tax levied on the manufacture, sale and consumption of goods and services at a national level.
It is applicable from July 1, 2017 on all transactions of goods and services on which various indirect taxes levied by the Centre and
States is submersed except goods and services outside the purview of Goods and Services Tax and transactions below the threshold limit.
Brokerage fees paid to stockbrokers in connection with the sale or purchase of shares which are listed on any recognized stock exchange
in India are subject to Goods and Services Tax at a rate of 18%. The stockbroker is responsible for collecting the Goods and Services
Tax and paying it to the relevant authority. Sale of the securities including ADS and equity shares is outside the purview of Goods and
Services Tax.

United States Federal Income Tax

The following is
a description of material U.S. federal income tax consequences to the U.S. Holders described below of owning and disposing of ADSs or
equity shares, but it does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to your decision
to own ADSs or equity shares. This discussion applies to you only if you are a U.S. Holder that owns ADSs or equity shares as capital
assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

This discussion
does not discuss all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, including alternative
minimum tax consequences, tax consequences of the “Medicare contribution tax” on “net investment income” and
tax consequences that may be applicable to you if you are a person subject to special rules, such as:

·   an
                                            insurance company;

·   a
                                            tax-exempt entity;

·   a
                                            dealer or trader in securities who uses a mark-to-market method of tax accounting;

·   one
                                            of certain financial institutions;

·   a
                                            person who owns ADSs or equity shares as part of an integrated investment (including a straddle
                                            or conversion transaction);

·   a
                                            person whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;

·   a
                                            person who acquired or received ADSs or equity shares pursuant to the exercise of any employee
                                            stock option or otherwise as compensation;

284

Table of Contents

·   a
                                            person holding ADSs or equity shares in connection with a trade or business conducted outside
                                            of the United States;

·   a
                                            person who owns, directly, indirectly or constructively, 10.0% or more of our stock, by vote
                                            or value; or

·   a
                                            partnership or other entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income
                                            tax purposes.

If an entity or
arrangement that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes owns ADSs or equity shares, the U.S. federal income
tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships owning
ADSs or equity shares and partners in such partnerships should consult their tax advisers as to the particular U.S. federal income tax
consequences of owning and disposing of ADSs or equity shares.

This discussion
is based on the tax laws of the United States including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the “Code”), proposed
and final Treasury regulations, revenue rulings, judicial decisions and the income tax treaty between the United States and India, or
the “Treaty”, all as of the date hereof, which may change, possibly with retroactive effect.

You are a “U.S.
Holder” if, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, you are a beneficial owner of ADSs or equity shares and:

·   a
                                            citizen or individual resident of the United States;

·   a
                                            corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized under the laws
                                            of the United States, any state therein or the District of Columbia; or

·   an
                                            estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless
                                            of its source.

In general, if
you own ADSs you will be treated as the owner of the underlying equity shares represented by those ADSs for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Accordingly, you will not recognize gain or loss upon an exchange of ADSs for the underlying equity shares represented by those ADSs.

Please consult
your tax adviser with regard to the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to ADSs or equity shares in your particular circumstances,
including the passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) rules described below, as well as any tax consequences arising
under the laws of any state, local or other taxing jurisdiction.

Taxation of Dividends

Distributions you
receive on ADSs or equity shares, other than certain pro rata distributions of equity shares or rights to acquire equity shares to all
holders of equity shares (including holders of ADSs), will generally constitute foreign-source dividend income for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Subject to the PFIC rules described below, the amount of the dividend you will be required to include in income will be
based on the U.S. dollar value of the rupees received, calculated by reference to the exchange rate in effect on the date the payment
is received by the depositary (in the case of ADSs) or by you (in the case of equity shares) regardless of whether the payment is converted
into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt. If the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, you should not be required
to recognize foreign currency gain or loss in respect of the dividend income. You may have foreign currency gain or loss if the dividend
is converted into U.S. dollars after the date of receipt. If you realize gain or loss on a sale or other disposition of rupees, it will
constitute U.S. source ordinary income or loss. The amount of the dividend will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction
generally available to U.S. corporations under the Code. Subject to applicable limitations and the PFIC discussion below, if you are
a non-corporate U.S. Holder, dividends paid to you may be taxable at the favorable rates applicable to long-term capital gains. If you
are a non-corporate U.S. Holder, you should consult your tax adviser to determine whether you are subject to any special rules that limit
your ability to be taxed at these favorable rates.

285

Table of Contents

Indian income taxes
withheld from cash dividends on the Company shares or ADSs generally will be creditable against a U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income
tax liability, subject to applicable limitations that vary depending upon your circumstances. The rules governing foreign tax credits
are complex. For example, Treasury regulations provide that, in the absence of an election to apply the benefits of an applicable income
tax treaty, in order for non-U.S. income taxes to be creditable the relevant non-U.S. income tax rules must be consistent with certain
U.S. federal income tax principles, and we have not determined whether the Indian income tax system meets these requirements. You should
consult your own tax adviser regarding the availability of foreign tax credits in your particular circumstances. Instead of claiming
a credit, you may, at your election, deduct such Indian taxes in computing your income, subject to generally applicable limitations under
U.S. federal income tax law.

Taxation of Capital
Gains

You will recognize
gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes on the sale or exchange of ADSs or equity shares. The gain or loss will generally be
U.S. source capital gain or loss, and subject to the PFIC rules discussed below will be long-term capital gain or loss if you have owned
such ADSs or equity shares for more than one year. You should consult your tax adviser about the treatment of capital gains, which may
be taxed at lower rates than ordinary income for non-corporate taxpayers, and capital losses, the deductibility of which may be limited.
The amount of the gain or loss will equal the difference between your tax basis in the ADSs or equity shares disposed of and the amount
realized on the disposition, in each case as determined in U.S. dollars.

Under certain circumstances
as described under “—
Indian Tax—Taxation on sale of ADSs or Equity Shares,”
you may be subject to Indian
tax upon the disposition of equity shares. Under the Code, any gain or loss on the sale or exchange of ADSs or equity shares will generally
be U.S. source. However, although the application of the Treaty in this respect is subject to uncertainty, it is possible that under
the Treaty your gains from dispositions of equity shares may be treated as foreign source. In that case, you may be able to claim foreign
tax credit in respect of any Indian income tax on this gain. Even if Indian income taxes on disposition gains are creditable under the
Treaty, Treasury regulations generally preclude you from claiming a foreign tax credit with respect to these taxes if you do not elect
to apply the benefits of the Treaty. However, in that case it is possible that any Indian taxes on disposition gains may either be deductible
or reduce the amount realized on the disposition. The rules governing foreign tax credits and deductibility of foreign taxes are complex.
You should consult your tax adviser with respect to your ability to credit any Indian income taxes on dispositions against your U.S.
federal income tax liability, including the uncertainty as to whether Indian taxes on dispositions are generally creditable under the
Treaty, the requirement to report Treaty-based return positions and the creditability or deductibility of the Indian tax on disposition
gains in your particular circumstances (including any applicable limitations).

Any Indian stamp
duty paid on the purchase or sale of equity shares will not be creditable against your U.S. federal income tax liability. However, stamp
duty may increase your tax basis in the equity shares if you are a buyer of the shares, or reduce the amount of gain (or increase the
amount of loss) you recognize on the sale or other disposition of the shares.

286

Table of Contents

Passive Foreign
Investment Company Rules

In general, a foreign
corporation is a PFIC for any taxable year in which (i) 75.0% or more of its gross income consists of passive income (such as dividends,
interest, rents, royalties and investment gains) or (ii) 50.0% or more of the average value of its assets (generally determined on a
quarterly basis) consists of assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. There are certain exceptions for
active business income, including exceptions for certain income earned by foreign active banks and insurance companies. Based upon certain
proposed Treasury regulations (the “Active Banks Proposed Regulations”), which were proposed to be effective for taxable
years beginning after December 31, 1994, and under current guidance can be relied upon, we do not believe we were a PFIC for our taxable
year that ended March 31, 2023. Because there can be no assurance that the Active Banks Proposed Regulations will be finalized in their
current form (and the manner of their application is not entirely clear), because the rules applicable to active insurance companies
are subject to change (including under certain proposed Treasury regulations), and because the composition of our income and assets will
vary over time and our PFIC status for any taxable year will depend, in large part, on the extent to which our income and assets will
be considered active under the exceptions for active banks or insurance companies, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC
for any taxable year.

If we were a PFIC
for any taxable year during which you owned ADSs or equity shares, you may be subject to adverse tax consequences. Generally, gain recognized
upon a disposition (including, under certain circumstances, a pledge) of ADSs or equity shares by you would be allocated ratably over
your holding period for such ADSs or equity shares. The amounts allocated to the taxable year of disposition and to years before we became
a PFIC would be taxed as ordinary income. The amount allocated to each other taxable year would be subject to tax at the highest rate
in effect for that taxable year for individuals or corporations, as appropriate, and an interest charge would be imposed on the tax attributable
to the allocated amounts. Further, to the extent that distributions received by you on your ADSs or equity shares during a taxable year
exceed 125% of the average of the annual distributions on such ADSs or equity shares received during the preceding three taxable years
or your holding period, whichever is shorter, the excess distributions would be subject to taxation in the same manner as gain, as described
above in this paragraph.

If we were a PFIC
for any year during which you owned ADSs or equity shares, we generally would continue to be treated as a PFIC with respect to such ADSs
or equity shares for all succeeding years during which you owned the ADSs or equity shares, even if we ceased to meet the threshold requirements
for PFIC status.

Alternatively,
if we were a PFIC and if ADSs or equity shares were “regularly traded” on a “qualified exchange,” you could make
a mark-to-market election that would result in tax treatment different from the general tax treatment for PFICs described above. ADSs
or equity shares would be treated as “regularly traded” in any calendar year in which more than a de minimis quantity of
ADSs or equity shares, as the case may be, were traded on a qualified exchange on at least 15 days during each calendar quarter. The
New York Stock Exchange, on which our ADSs are listed, is a qualified exchange for this purpose. A foreign exchange is a “qualified
exchange” if it is regulated by a governmental authority in the jurisdiction in which the exchange is located and with respect
to which certain other requirements are met.

If you make the
mark-to-market election (assuming the election is available), you generally will recognize as ordinary income any excess of the fair
market value of ADSs or equity shares at the end of each taxable year over their adjusted tax basis, and will recognize an ordinary loss
in respect of any excess of the adjusted tax basis of ADSs or equity shares over their fair market value at the end of the taxable year
(but only to the extent of the net amount of income previously included as a result of the mark-to-market election). If you make the
election, your tax basis in ADSs or equity shares will be adjusted to reflect these income or loss amounts. Any gain recognized on the
sale or other disposition of ADSs or equity shares in a year when we are a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income and any loss will
be treated as ordinary loss (but only to the extent of the net amount of income previously included as a result of the mark-to-market
election) and any excess loss will be a capital loss.

287

Table of Contents

In addition, if
we were a PFIC or, with respect to you, were treated as a PFIC for the taxable year in which we paid a dividend or for the prior taxable
year, the favorable tax rates with respect to dividends paid to certain non-corporate U.S. Holders, described above under “—
United
States Federal Income Tax
 —
Taxation of Dividends”,
 would not apply.

If we are a PFIC
for any taxable year during which you owned our ADSs or equity shares, you will generally be required to file IRS Form 8621 with your
annual U.S. federal income tax returns, subject to certain exceptions.

You should consult
your tax adviser regarding whether we are or were a PFIC and the potential application of the PFIC rules.

Information Reporting
and Backup Withholding

Payments of dividends
and sales proceeds that are made within the United States or through certain U.S.-related financial intermediaries generally are subject
to information reporting and to backup withholding, unless (i) you are an exempt recipient or (ii) in the case of backup withholding,
you provide a correct taxpayer identification number and certify that no loss of exemption from backup withholding has occurred. The
amount of any backup withholding from a payment to you will be allowed as a credit against your U.S. federal income tax liability and
may entitle you to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.

288

Table of Contents

Presentation
of Financial Information

Pursuant to the
issuance and listing of our securities in the United States under registration statements filed with the United States Securities Exchange
Commission, we file annual reports on Form 20-F, which must include financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP) or financial statements prepared according to a comprehensive body of accounting principles
with a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP. When we first listed our securities in the United States,
Indian GAAP was not considered a comprehensive body of accounting principles under the United States securities laws and regulations.
However, pursuant to a significant expansion of Indian accounting standards, Indian GAAP constitutes a comprehensive body of accounting
principles and since fiscal 2006, we have included in the annual report consolidated financial statements prepared according to Indian
GAAP, which varies in certain respects from U.S. GAAP. For a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP,
a description of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and certain additional information required under U.S. GAAP,
see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements herein.

The data for fiscal
2021 through fiscal 2023 have been derived from our consolidated financial statements. The accounting and reporting policies used in
the preparation of our financial statements reflect general industry practices and conform with Indian GAAP including the Accounting
Standards (AS) issued by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities
and Exchange Board of India and the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority as applicable to relevant companies. In the case of
foreign subsidiaries, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles as applicable to the respective subsidiaries are followed.

Certain subsidiaries
of the Bank, namely ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company
Limited and ICICI Home Finance Limited have adopted Ind AS, revised set of accounting standards issued by The Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India (which largely converges the Indian accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards). However,
for preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Bank, financial statements continued to be as per current Indian GAAP of
these entities have been considered. All the numbers reported/considered in this document for these subsidiaries are based on current
Indian GAAP.

The consolidated
financial statements for fiscal 2021 were audited by Walker Chandiok & Co LLP, Chartered Accountants and for fiscal 2022 and fiscal
2023 by joint auditors MSKA & Associates, Chartered Accountants and KKC & Associates LLP (formerly known as Khimji Kunverji &
Co LLP), Chartered Accountants under auditing standards issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The consolidated financial
statements for fiscal 2021 through fiscal 2023 have also been audited by KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP (formerly known as
KPMG), an independent registered public accounting firm in India, in accordance with the auditing standards of the United States Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board. Our published Indian GAAP consolidated financial statements and disclosures relating to U.S. GAAP
net income reconciliation and stockholders’ equity reconciliation as required by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable
GAAP, audited by KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP (formerly known as KPMG), are set forth at the end of this annual report.

Under U.S. GAAP,
the consolidation of ICICI’s majority ownership interest in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, had been accounted
for by the equity method, because of substantive participative rights retained by the minority shareholders. Under Indian GAAP, ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is consolidated on line-by-line basis.

289

Table of Contents

In accordance with
the scheme of arrangement between ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited (Bharti
AXA), as approved by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India with effect from September 8, 2021, assets and liabilities
of Bharti AXA’s general insurance business vested with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited on September 8, 2021 with
effect from the Appointed Date of April 1, 2020. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited issued two fully paid up equity shares
to the shareholders of Bharti AXA for every 115 fully paid up equity shares. Subsequent to issuance of equity shares to Bharti AXA shareholders,
the Bank’s shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited reduced to below 50.0%. Accordingly, the Bank has accounted
its investment in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited as an equity affiliate under Accounting Standard – 23 –
“Accounting for Investments in Associates” in consolidated financial statements with effect from April 1, 2021 under Indian
GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited was consolidated on line-by-line basis until September 7, 2021,
and was accounted as an affiliate with effect from September 8, 2021, the date of loss of control.

Although we have
translated in this annual report certain rupee amounts into dollars for convenience, this does not mean that the rupee amounts referred
to could have been, or could be, converted into dollars at any particular rate, the rates stated earlier in this annual report, or at
all. Except in the section on “Market Price Information”, all translations from rupees to U.S. dollars are based on the exchange
rate as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board at year-end fiscal 2023. The Federal Reserve Bank of New
York certifies this rate for customs purposes in a weekly version of the H.10 release. The exchange rate as set forth in the H.10 statistical
release of the Federal Reserve Board at year-end fiscal 2023 was Rs. 82.19 per  US$ 1.00.

290

Table of Contents

Additional
Information

Memorandum and Articles of Association

Objects and Purposes

Pursuant to Clause
III.A.1 of ICICI Bank’s Memorandum of Association, ICICI Bank’s main objective is to, among other things, carry on the business
of banking in any part of India or outside India.

Provisions Relating
to Directors

Certain provisions
of our Articles of Association relating to directors are set forth as follows:

·   Article
                                            128 of the Articles of Association provides that no director shall be required to hold any
                                            qualification shares of the Company.

·   Article
                                            135 of the Articles of Association provides that no director of ICICI Bank shall, as a director,
                                            take any part in the discussion of or vote on any contract or arrangement if such director
                                            is directly or indirectly concerned or interested in such contract or arrangement.

·   Article
                                            137 of the Articles of Association provides that at every Annual General Meeting of the Company,
                                            one third of such directors for the time being as are liable to retire by rotation or if
                                            their number is neither three nor a multiple of three, then the number nearest to one-third,
                                            shall retire from office. The Debenture Directors, the Government Directors and the other
                                            Non-Rotational Directors shall not be subject to retirement under the Articles of Association.

·   Article
                                            138 of the Articles of Association provides that the directors to retire by rotation at every
                                            Annual General Meeting shall be those who have been longest in office since their last appointment,
                                            but as between persons who became Directors on the same day, those who are to retire shall
                                            (unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined by lot. There is no provision
                                            under the Articles of Association requiring the mandatory retirement of directors at a specified
                                            age. Pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a person is eligible for appointment
                                            as non-executive director, if he or she is between 35 and 75 years of age. After attaining
                                            the age of 75 years, no person can continue in this position. Further, pursuant to the Reserve
                                            Bank of India guidelines, no person can continue as Managing Director and Chief Executive
                                            Officer or wholetime director beyond the age of 70 years. Within the overall limit of 70
                                            years, individual Bank's Boards are free to prescribe a lower retirement age for the wholetime
                                            directors, including the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer.

·   Directors
                                            have no powers to vote in absence of a quorum.

·   Article
                                            79 of the Articles of Association provides that the directors may by a resolution passed
                                            at a meeting of the Board of Directors, borrow moneys and raise and secure the payment of
                                            amounts in a manner and upon such terms and conditions in all respects as they think fit
                                            and in particular by the issue of bonds, perpetual or redeemable debentures or debenture
                                            stock, or any mortgage or charge or other security on the undertaking or the whole or any
                                            part of the property of ICICI Bank (both present and future) including our uncalled capital.

291

Table of Contents

Amendment to
Rights of Holders of Equity Shares

Any change to the
existing rights of the equity holders can be made only by amending the Articles of Association which would require a special resolution
of the shareholders, passed by not less than three times the number of votes cast against the resolution.

General Meetings
of Shareholders

We are required
to convene our annual general meeting within a period of five months from the date of closing of the financial year. The Board may convene
an extraordinary general meeting when necessary or at the request of a shareholder or shareholders holding at least 10% of our paid up
capital carrying voting rights. A general meeting of a company may be called by giving not less than clear 21
days notice in the manner prescribed under the applicable laws/regulations.

Change in Control
Provisions

Article 56 of the
Articles of Association provides that the Board of Directors may at its discretion decline to register or acknowledge any transfer of
any securities in respect of securities upon which we have a lien or while any money in respect of the securities desired to be transferred
on any of them remain unpaid. Moreover, the Board of Directors may refuse to register the transfer of any securities if the total nominal
value of any securities intended to be transferred by any person would, together with the total nominal value of any securities held
in ICICI Bank, exceed 1% of the paid-up equity share capital of ICICI Bank or if the Board of Directors is satisfied that as a result
of such transfer, it would result in the change in the Board of Directors or change in the controlling interest of ICICI Bank and that
such change would be prejudicial to the interests of ICICI Bank. However, under the Indian Companies Act, the enforceability of such
transfer restrictions is unclear.

Recent Amendments
to Memorandum and Articles of Association

In view of the
changes in the regulatory provisions, including enactment of the Companies Act, 2013, the repeal of the provisions of the Companies Act,
1956, as amended, and amendments to the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, the existing Articles of Association of the Bank required alterations, replacement
or deletions. Hence, it was considered necessary to wholly replace the existing Articles of Association with revised Articles of Association.
The Board of Directors at its meeting held on May 6, 2019 approved the alterations to Memorandum of Association and the proposed revised
Articles of Association of the Bank, subject to the approval of the Shareholders and such regulatory approvals as may be necessary or
required. The Shareholders at the annual general meeting held on August 9, 2019:

(a) approved the
special resolution for alterations to Memorandum of Association of the Bank aligning it with the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder
and

(b) approved the
special resolution for adoption of revised Articles of Association of the Bank aligning it with the regulatory provisions including the
Companies Act, 2013, amendments to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015.

The Reserve Bank
of India through its letter dated August 23, 2019 received on August 28, 2019 by the Bank duly noted the amendments to Memorandum of
Association and adoption of revised Articles of Association of the Bank with due reference to the applicable provisions under the Banking
Regulation Act.

For a description
of our equity shares and American Depositary Shares, see Exhibit 2.6 to this annual report.

292

Table of Contents

Documents on Display

The documents concerning
us which are referred to herein may be inspected at the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). You may read and copy
any document filed or furnished by us at the SEC’s public reference rooms in Washington D.C., New York and Chicago, Illinois or
obtain them by mail upon payment of prescribed rates. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information. The SEC also maintains
a website at www.sec.gov, which contains, in electronic form, each of the reports and other information that we have filed electronically
with the SEC. Information about ICICI Bank is also available on the web at www.icicibank.com.

Annual Report to
Security Holders

We intend to submit
annual report provided to security holders in electronic format as an exhibit to a current report on Form 6-K.

293

Table of Contents

Exhibit
Index

Exhibit
No.   Description
of Document
1.1   ICICI Bank Memorandum of Association, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2020 filed on July 31, 2020).
1.2   ICICI Bank Articles of Association, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2020 filed on July 31, 2020).
2.1   Deposit Agreement among ICICI Bank, Deutsche Bank and the holders from time to time of American
    Depositary Receipts issued thereunder (including as an exhibit, the form of American Depositary Receipt) (incorporated herein by
    reference to ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-30132)*).
2.2   Letter Agreements dated February 19, 2002 and April 1, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2002 filed on September 30, 2002) , Letter Agreement dated March 8, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement on Form F-3 (File No. 333-121664)) and Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2012 filed on July 31, 2012) amending and supplementing the Deposit Agreement.
2.3   Letter Agreement dated June 2, 2016, supplementing the Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2016 filed on August 1, 2016).
2.4   Letter Agreement dated October 31, 2017, amending and supplementing the Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2018 filed on July 31, 2018).
2.5   ICICI Bank’s Share Certificate Specimen.
2.6   Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
4.1   ICICI Bank Employee Stock Option Scheme - 2000, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2019 filed on July 31, 2019).
4.2   ICICI Bank Employees Stock Unit Scheme – 2022.
8.1   List of Subsidiaries (included under “Business–Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures” herein).
11.1   Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as amended.
12.1   Certification of the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
12.2   Certification of the Group Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
13.1   Certification of periodic financial report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as mandated by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

*Paper filing

294

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

The registrant
hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned
to sign this annual report on our behalf.

For ICICI BANK LIMITED
By:   /s/ Anindya Banerjee
Name:   Mr. Anindya Banerjee
Title:   Group Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 28, 2023

295

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated
Financial Statements

For
the year ended March 31, 2022

and
March 31, 2023 together

with
Auditors’ Report

Table of Contents

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements

Contents   Page
Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Consolidated
    balance sheet   F-10
Consolidated
    profit and loss account   F-11
Consolidated
    cash flow statement   F-12
Schedules
    to the consolidated financial statements   F-14

Table of Contents

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the
Stockholders and Board of Directors

ICICI
Bank Limited:

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ICICI Bank Limited (the ‘Bank’) and subsidiaries (the Company)
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated profit and loss accounts and consolidated cash flows statements for each of the
years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedules 1 to 18B (collectively,
the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in India.

Differences
from U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles

Accounting
principles generally accepted in India vary in certain significant respects from U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Information
relating to the nature and effect of such differences is presented in Note 21 of Schedule 18B to the consolidated financial statements.

Basis
for Opinion

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical
Audit Matters

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Allowance
for Credit Losses

As
discussed in Note 7 of Schedule 18B to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s allowance for credit losses under generally
accepted accounting principles in India (Indian GAAP) was Rs. 256,291 million as at 31 March 2023 (the March 31, 2023 Indian GAAP ACL).
As discussed in Note 21 of Schedule 18B to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s allowance for credit

F-
2

Table of Contents

losses
included in the reconciliation of stockholders’ equity from Indian GAAP to U.S. GAAP as of March 31, 2023 was Rs. 38,841.3 million,
which included allowance for credit losses on loans evaluated on a collective basis (the March 31, 2023 collective ACL) and allowance
for credit losses on loans evaluated on an individual basis (the March 31, 2023 individual ACL). The March 31, 2023 Indian GAAP ACL,
the March 31, 2023 collective ACL and the March 31, 2023 individual ACL are collectively referred to as ‘total ACL’.

The
March 31, 2023 Indian GAAP ACL for impaired commercial loans (non-performing loans or NPLs) includes ACL on commercial loans identified
as NPL through a review of select accounts by evaluation of additional information (other than that relating to the payment record).

The
March 31, 2023 collective ACL includes the measure of expected credit losses on a collective (pooled) basis for those loans that share
similar risk characteristics. The Company estimated the March 31, 2023 collective ACL using a current expected credit losses methodology
which is based on relevant information about historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that
affect the collectability of the loan balances. The quantitative calculation of expected credit losses is the product of multiplying
the Company’s estimates of probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD), and individual loan level exposure at default
(EAD). For the quantitative calculation, the Company uses models to develop the PD and LGD, which are derived from internal historical
default and loss experience, that incorporate the relevant macro-economic scenario over reasonable and supportable forecast periods.
The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion to the long run historical information. All such periods
are established for each portfolio segment. The Company estimates the EAD using a model which estimates prepayments over the life of
the loans. In order to capture the unique risks of the loan portfolio within the PD, LGD, and EAD models, the Company segments the portfolio
into pools, incorporating certain criteria including, but not limited to customer type, risk rating and delinquency status for commercial
loans and product type, delinquency status, credit scores and months on book for non-commercial loans. The Company has developed internal
models to assign credit risk ratings to borrowers, which are used for the segmentation of commercial loans. The model output for the
collective ACL is adjusted by increasing the probability of default estimates to take into consideration model imprecision not yet reflected

in the calculation. Judgment is applied in making
this adjustment, including taking into account uncertainties associated with the economic conditions, product or portfolio, as well as
other relevant internal and external factors affecting the credit quality of the portfolio.

The
March 31, 2023 individual ACL includes the measure of expected credit losses on an individual basis for those commercial loans that do
not share similar risk characteristics with other financial assets in the pools on account of credit deterioration, based on the ability
of the borrower to repay the contractual amounts due to the Company, including considerations of both quantitative and qualitative criteria
such as the account conduct, future prospects, repayment history and financial performance. The Company estimated the March 31, 2023
individual ACL using either the present value of the expected future cash flows, or in the case of a collateral dependent loan, using
the net realizable value of the collateral, net of cost to sell, if any, determined individually for each such loan.

We
identified the assessment of total ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge,
and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment of total ACL due to significant measurement uncertainty. Identification
of NPLs for the March 31, 2023 Indian GAAP ACL involved evaluation of additional information (other than that relating to the payment
record), which required complex auditor judgment. Additionally, the assessment of the March 31, 2023 collective ACL (referred to as ‘Collective
ACL’) encompassed the evaluation of the Collective ACL methodology, including the methods and models used to estimate the PD, LGD,
and EAD and their significant assumptions. Such significant assumptions included portfolio segmentation, the relevant macro-economic
scenario, the reasonable and supportable forecast periods, the historical observation period, and credit risk ratings for commercial
loans and prepayment estimates. The assessment also included the evaluation of the qualitative factors and their significant assumptions,
including selection of relevant macroeconomic variables and consideration of uncertainties due to result of the COVID-19 pandemic and
geopolitical uncertainties. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD, LGD, commercial
loan credit risk rating and

F-
3

Table of Contents

EAD
models. The March 31, 2023 individual ACL (referred to as ‘individual ACL’) required significant auditor judgment to identify
the loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with other financial assets in the pools on account of credit deterioration
based on the ability of the borrower to repay the contractual amounts due to the Company, including considerations of both quantitative
and qualitative criteria such as the account conduct, future prospects, repayment history and financial performance, and to estimate
the recovery on such loans based on either the present value of the expected future cash flows, or in the case of a collateral dependent
loan, the net realizable value of the collateral, net of cost to sell, if any, determined individually for each such loan.

The
following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating
effectiveness of certain internal controls related to Company’s measurement of the total ACL estimates, including controls over
the:

-   evaluation
                                            of additional information (other than that relating to the payment record) required for identification
                                            of NPL through a review of select commercial loan accounts

-   review
                                            of the Collective ACL methodology

-   review
                                            of the PD, LGD, commercial loan credit risk rating and EAD models

-   identification
                                            and determination of the significant assumptions used in the PD, LGD, commercial loan credit
                                            risk rating and EAD models

-   determination
                                            of the key assumptions and inputs used to estimate the quantitative and qualitative calculation
                                            of the Collective ACL, including selection of relevant macroeconomic variables and consideration
                                            of future uncertainties such as geopolitical risks, elevated inflation across different countries
                                            and resultant higher interest rates and decrease in global growth outlook across the world
                                            & India.

-   validation
                                            of the PD, LGD, commercial loan credit risk rating and EAD models for the Collective ACL

-   identification
                                            of the commercial loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with other financial
                                            assets in the pools on account of credit deterioration based on the ability of the borrower
                                            to repay the contractual amounts due to the Company, including considerations of both quantitative
                                            and qualitative criteria such as the account conduct, future prospects, repayment history
                                            and financial performance

-   estimation
                                            of recovery on individually assessed loans based on either the present value of expected
                                            future cash flows, or in the case of a collateral dependent loan, the net realizable value
                                            of the collateral, net of cost to sell.

For
the March 31, 2023 Indian GAAP ACL, we tested the identification of NPLs using additional information (other than that relating to the
payment record) for a selection of commercial loans by evaluating financial performance of the borrower and the other applicable qualitative
criteria. We evaluated the Company’s development of the Collective ACL estimates by testing certain sources of data, factors, and
assumptions that the Company used and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we
involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in:

-   evaluating
                                            the Collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles

-   evaluating
                                            judgments made by the Company relative to the development and performance monitoring testing
                                            of the PD, LGD, and EAD models by comparing them to relevant Company specific metrics and
                                            trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices

-   assessing
                                            the conceptual soundness and performance testing of the PD, LGD, commercial loan credit risk
                                            rating and EAD models by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models
                                            are suitable for their intended use

-   evaluating
                                            the methodology used to develop and incorporate the relevant macro-economic scenario over
                                            the reasonable and supportable forecast periods and underlying assumptions by comparing it
                                            to the Company’s business environment and relevant industry practices

F-
4

Table of Contents

-   assessing
                                            the macro-economic variables through benchmarking to publicly available forecasts, where
                                            available

-   evaluating
                                            the length of the historical observation period and reasonable and supportable forecast periods
                                            to evaluate the length of each period by comparing them to specific portfolio risk characteristics
                                            and trends

-   determining
                                            whether the loan portfolio is segmented by similar risk characteristics by comparing to the
                                            Company’s business environment and relevant industry practices

-   testing
                                            the methodology used for estimation of individual credit risk ratings for commercial loans
                                            by performing quantitative validation of credit rating models used to assign the credit risk
                                            ratings

-   evaluating
                                            the methodology used for estimating the prepayments within the EAD models over the life of
                                            the loans

-   evaluating
                                            the methodology used to develop the qualitative factors, including consideration of uncertainties
                                            such as geopolitical risks, elevated inflation across different countries and resultant higher
                                            interest rates, decrease in global growth outlook across the world and India and the effect
                                            of those factors on the Collective ACL compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency
                                            with credit trends and identified limitations of the underlying quantitative calculations.

We
performed credit reviews for a selection of commercial loans to test the identification of the loans that do not share similar risk characteristics
on account of credit deterioration, based on the ability of the borrower to repay the contractual amounts due to the Company, including
considerations of both quantitative and qualitative criteria such as the account conduct, future prospects, repayment history and financial
performance. For a selection of individually assessed commercial loans, we tested the measurement of the March 31, 2023 individual ACL
by comparing the value of collateral to external appraisals or tested the projections of future cash flows by comparing them to historic
performance and assessing them against current economic conditions.

Liabilities
in respect to life insurance policies and amortization of deferred acquisition cost

As
given in the consolidated financial statements, liabilities for life insurance policies in force is included in the total liabilities
for policies in force of Rs. 2,388,674 million. As discussed in Note (22)(h)(i) of Schedule 18B to the consolidated financial statements,
the significant difference between Indian GAAP and US GAAP in case of the life insurance affiliate includes the net income reconciling
item on account of difference in policyholders’ liabilities and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of
deferred acquisition cost Rs. 8,502.5 million.

The
liabilities in respect of life insurance policies in force under Indian GAAP are estimated in accordance with accepted actuarial practice,
requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, as amended from time to time, regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority
of India (IRDAI) and relevant Guidance Notes / Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The actuarial liability
for non-linked policies, both participating and non-participating, is calculated by the Company using the gross premium method, that
involves assumptions for interest, mortality, morbidity, expenses and inflation, and in the case of participating policies, future bonuses
together with allowance for taxation and allocation of future profits to shareholders. These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates
updated at the date of valuation, including allowances for possible adverse deviations.

Policyholders’
liabilities for non-linked policies under U.S. GAAP are valued using the Net Premium Method as prescribed under U.S. GAAP. These liabilities
consist of two parts, namely, policy reserves (comprising benefit reserve and maintenance expense reserve) and deferred profit liability.
These liabilities are established based on actuarial assumptions at the time the policies are issued, which are intended to estimate
the experience for the period the policy benefits are payable. Significant adverse changes in experience on such contracts may require
the establishment of premium deficiency reserves,

F-
5

Table of Contents

which
are based on current assumptions. In addition, acquisition costs for non-linked policies under U.S. GAAP which are deferred, are amortized
in proportion to premium revenue recognition. The determination of the reserves and the amortization of the deferred acquisition costs
considers assumptions that include discount rate, mortality, morbidity, policy lapse and investment returns and these are on a locked
in basis. Further, the discount rates used for non-linked products represent best estimates with a provision for adverse deviation. The
assumptions change at every financial year end only for the new business sold during the year. The Company applies considerable judgment
in evaluating actual experience to determine whether a change in assumptions for new policies is warranted under US GAAP.

Policyholders’
liabilities for linked policies under U.S. GAAP consist of two parts, namely, benefit reserves and unearned revenue reserve. In addition,
acquisition costs for linked policies under U.S. GAAP which are deferred, are amortized in proportion to estimated gross profits (EGPs).
The EGPs consist of margins available from mortality and contract administration, investment earnings spreads, surrender charges and
other expected assessments and credits. The Company applies considerable judgment in evaluating emerging actual experience for assumptions
used in the determination of reserves and the amortization of deferred acquisition costs, that include discount rate, mortality, morbidity,
policy lapse, expenses and investment returns. These assumptions represent best estimates and may change at every financial year end.

We
identified the assessment of liabilities for life insurance policies in force under Indian GAAP and determination of policyholders’
liabilities and amortization of deferred acquisition cost under US GAAP to be a critical audit matter since it involves a high degree
of audit effort, including subjective and complex auditor judgment in evaluating management’s estimate, and use of actuarial professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing procedures and evaluating the estimate of such liabilities. Specifically,
there is significant judgement in determination of assumptions for all policies in force under Indian GAAP. In case of non-linked policies
under US GAAP, there is significant judgement in evaluating the assumptions used for determination of the reserves and the amortization
of the deferred acquisition cost for new business sold during the year and whether a change in assumptions is warranted. In case of linked
policies under US GAAP, there is significant judgement in evaluating the assumptions used for determination of the reserves and the amortization
of the deferred acquisition cost for all policies in force.

The
following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating
effectiveness of certain internal controls related to Company’s measurement of liabilities for life insurance policies in force
under Indian GAAP and policyholders’ liabilities and amortization of deferred acquisition cost under US GAAP, including controls
over the valuation process and underlying data which included assessment and approval of the methods and assumptions adopted over such
measurements as well as appropriate access and change management controls over the actuarial models. We involved actuarial professionals
with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in:

-   assessing
                                            the methodology for selecting assumptions by comparing the methodology used against industry
                                            standard actuarial practice

-   assessing
                                            the methodology for calculating the liabilities and amortization of deferred acquisition
                                            cost by reference to the requirements of the industry standard actuarial practice and assessing
                                            the impact of current year changes in methodology on the calculation of policyholder liabilities
                                            and amortization of deferred acquisition cost.

-   evaluating
                                            the analysis of the movements in liabilities and deferred acquisition cost during the year,
                                            including consideration of whether the movements were in line with the methodology and assumptions
                                            adopted

-   evaluating
                                            judgments applied by management in setting assumptions, including evaluating the results
                                            of experience studies used as the basis for setting those assumptions

-   independently
                                            re-calculating the liabilities and deferred acquisition cost for a selection of individual
                                            policies for select products to assess whether the selected model calibration had been appropriately
                                            implemented

F-
6

Table of Contents

-   evaluating
                                            the appropriateness of the methodology and assumptions used in the Company’s annual
                                            premium deficiency tests and assessed the reasonableness of results.

We
have served as the Company’s auditor since 1999.

/s/ KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP

Mumbai, Maharashtra,
India

July 28, 2023

F-
7

Table of Contents

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders
and Board of Directors

ICICI Bank Limited:

Opinion
on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We
have audited ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023,
based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated
balance sheets of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated profit and loss accounts and cash flows for each
of the years in the three-year period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedules 1 to 18B (collectively,
the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated July 28
th
, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated
financial statements.

Basis
for Opinion

The
Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A
company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the

F-
8

Table of Contents

risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate
.

/s/ KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP

Mumbai, Maharashtra,
India

July 28, 2023

F-
9

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated balance sheet

(Rs. in thousands)
At
Schedule   March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
CAPITAL AND LIABILITIES
Capital   1   13,967,750   13,899,662
Employees stock options outstanding   1A   7,608,859   2,664,141
Reserves and surplus   2   2,123,401,284   1,803,961,070
Minority interest   2A   66,867,526   59,808,935
Deposits   3   12,108,321,521   10,913,657,932
Borrowings   4   1,890,618,073   1,616,026,828
Liabilities on policies in force   2,388,673,665   2,288,271,963
Other liabilities and provisions   5   985,446,292   828,083,306
TOTAL CAPITAL AND LIABILITIES   19,584,904,970   17,526,373,837
ASSETS
Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India   6   686,489,413   1,096,307,069
Balances with banks and money at call and short notice   7   678,075,515   734,952,763
Investments   8   6,395,519,671   5,670,977,180
Advances   9   10,838,663,147   9,203,081,390
Fixed assets   10   109,690,036   106,054,107
Other assets   11   875,453,870   713,988,010
Goodwill on consolidation   1,013,318   1,013,318
TOTAL ASSETS   19,584,904,970   17,526,373,837
Contingent liabilities   12   50,359,511,032   45,523,411,167
Bills for collection   864,576,684   752,325,958
Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts   17 & 18

The
Schedules referred to above form an integral part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

F-
10

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated profit and loss account

(Rs. in thousands, except per share data)
Year ended
Schedule   March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022   March 31, 2021
I. INCOME
Interest earned   13   1,210,668,098   954,068,654   891,626,638
Other income   14   651,119,912   621,294,514   720,295,282
TOTAL INCOME   1,861,788,010   1,575,363,168   1,611,921,920
II. EXPENDITURE
Interest expended   15   505,433,879   411,666,711   426,590,874
Operating expenses   16   824,390,232   731,517,275   762,716,696
Provisions and contingencies (refer note 18.6)   187,333,629   174,340,856   220,417,554
TOTAL EXPENDITURE   1,517,157,740   1,317,524,842   1,409,725,124
III.PROFIT/(LOSS)
Net profit for the year (before share in profit of associates and minority interest)   344,630,270   257,838,326   202,196,796
Add: Share of profit in associates   9,982,876   7,544,279   1,442,857
Net profit for the year before minority interest   354,613,146   265,382,605   203,639,653
Less: Minority interest   14,246,738   14,281,645   19,796,467
Net profit after minority interest   340,366,408   251,100,960   183,843,186
Profit brought forward   508,988,514   385,155,990   267,999,958
TOTAL PROFIT/(LOSS)   849,354,922   636,256,950   451,843,144
IV.  APPROPRIATIONS/TRANSFERS
Transfer to Statutory Reserve   79,742,000   58,349,000   40,482,000
Transfer to/(from) Reserve Fund   ..   ..   (77,638)
Transfer to Capital Reserve   878,200   15,742,037   1,302,300
Transfer to Capital Redemption Reserve   ..   ..   ..
Transfer to/(from) Investment Reserve Account   ..   ..   ..
Transfer to/(from) Investment Fluctuation Reserve   1,043,810   3,828,798   (2,495,799)
Transfer to Special Reserve   26,254,000   15,328,500   10,943,500
Transfer to/(from) Revenue and other reserves   50,255,680   657,420   16,532,790
Dividend paid during the year   34,794,463   13,852,335   ..
Balance carried over to balance sheet   656,386,769   528,498,860   385,155,990
TOTAL   849,354,922   636,256,950   451,843,143
Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts   17 & 18
Earnings per share (refer note 18.1)
Basic (Rs.)   48.86   36.21   27.26
Diluted (Rs.)   47.84   35.44   26.83
Face value per share (Rs.)   2.00   2.00   2.00

The
Schedules referred to above form an integral part of the Consolidated Profit and Loss Account.

F-
11

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated cash flow statement

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022   March 31, 2021
Cash flow from/(used in) operating activities
Profit before taxes   458,300,782   335,675,367   240,486,799
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation   16,455,886   14,794,572   14,713,701
Net (appreciation)/depreciation on investments 1   27,053,455   18,320,870   (22,476,697)
Provision in respect of non-performing and other assets   (3,653,501)   63,775,215   110,315,149
General provision for standard assets   4,898,941   4,065,438   1,569,050
Provision for contingencies & others   54,236,861   16,513,472   53,839,684
(Profit)/loss on sale of fixed assets   (542,579)   (56,635)   63,424
Employees stock options expense   5,180,508   2,669,253   77,611
(i)   561,930,353   455,757,552   398,588,721
Adjustments for:
(Increase)/decrease in investments   (158,286,285)   (166,685,392)   90,478,662
(Increase)/decrease in advances   (1,638,931,648)   (1,349,047,011)   (968,932,842)
Increase/(decrease) in deposits   1,194,663,589   1,314,257,752   1,591,555,570
(Increase)/decrease in other assets   (166,076,201)   46,655,269   4,276,368
Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities and provisions   277,742,529   329,993,864   302,522,352
(ii)   (490,888,016)   175,174,482   1,019,900,110
Refund/(payment) of direct taxes   (iii)   (108,754,258)   (49,817,733)   (38,335,863)
Net cash flow from/(used in) operating  activities((i)+(ii)+(iii))   (A)   (37,711,921)   581,114,301   1,380,152,968
Cash flow from/(used in) investing activities
Purchase of fixed assets   (24,676,808)   (18,599,746)   (16,882,058)
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets   2,874,176   1,174,397   121,649
(Purchase)/sale of held to maturity securities   (658,250,590)   (375,789,070)   (613,108,700)
Net cash flow from/(used in) investing activities   (B)   (680,053,222)   (393,214,419)   (629,869,109)
Cash flow from/(used in) financing activities
Proceeds from issue of share capital (including ESOPs)   9,420,691   7,979,764   154,600,321
Proceeds from long-term borrowings   417,361,966   356,976,668   294,215,131
Repayment of long-term borrowings   (268,917,978)   (346,030,278)   (527,734,115)
Net proceeds/(repayment) of short-term borrowings   124,836,960   169,436,188   (467,749,038)
Dividend paid   (34,794,463)   (13,852,335)   ..
Net cash flow from/(used in) financing activities   (C)   247,907,176   174,510,007   (546,667,701)
Effect of exchange fluctuation on translation reserve   (D)   3,163,063   (1,268,443)   (6,440,073)

F-
12

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated cash flow statement
(Continued)

(Rs.
in thousands)

Year ended
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022   March 31, 2021
Net
increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A)
+ (B) + (C) + (D)   (466,694,904)   361,141,446   197,176,085
Cash
and cash equivalents at beginning of the year   1,831,259,832   1,475,705,302   1,278,529,217
Less:
Reduction due to discontinuation of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited from consolidation during the year   (5,586,916)   ..
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year   1,364,564,928   1,831,259,832   1,475,705,302

1.   For
                                            the year ended March 31, 2021, includes gain on sale of a part of equity investment in ICICI
                                            Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
                                            and ICICI Securities Limited.

2.   Cash
                                            and cash equivalents include cash in hand, balances with RBI, balances with other banks and
                                            money at call and short notice.

F-
13

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet

SCHEDULE
1 - CAPITAL

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
Authorised capital
12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2022: 12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each)   25,000,000   25,000,000
Equity
share capital Issued,
subscribed and paid-up capital
6,948,771,375 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2022: 6,915,992,387 equity shares)   13,897,543   13,831,985
Add: 34,044,356 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2022: 32,778,988 equity shares) issued during the year   68,088   65,558
13,965,631   13,897,543
Add: Forfeited equity shares 1   2,119   2,119
TOTAL CAPITAL   13,967,750   13,899,662

1.   On
                                            account of forfeiture of 266,089 equity shares of Rs. 10 each.

SCHEDULE
1A - Employees stock options outstanding

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
Opening Balance   2,664,141   31,010
Additions during the year 1   5,172,383   2,642,190
Deductions during the year 2   (227,665)   (9,059)
Closing Balance   7,608,859   2,664,141

1.   Represents
                                            cost of stock options amortised over the vesting period recognised during the year.

2.   Represents
                                            amount transferred to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee stock options
                                            and to General Reserve on lapses of employee stock options during the year.

F-
14

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE
2 - RESERVES AND SURPLUS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
I.          Statutory reserve
Opening balance   356,036,519   297,687,519
Additions during the year   79,742,000   58,349,000
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   435,778,519   356,036,519
II.        Special reserve
Opening balance   133,978,000   118,649,500
Additions during the year   26,254,000   15,328,500
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   160,232,000   133,978,000
III.       Securities premium
Opening balance   497,645,058   489,694,731
Additions during the year 1   9,584,456   7,950,327
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   507,229,514   497,645,058
IV.       Investment reserve account
Opening balance   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   ..
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   ..   ..
V.        Investment fluctuation reserve 2
Opening balance   20,714,999   16,886,201
Additions during the year   1,043,810   3,828,798
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   21,758,809   20,714,999
VI.       Unrealised investment reserve 3
Opening balance   (358,641)   (56,658)
Additions during the year   3,620   ..
Deductions during the year   (874)   (301,983)
Closing balance   (355,895)   (358,641)
VII.      Capital reserve
Opening balance   149,784,353   134,042,316
Additions during the year 4,5   878,200   15,742,037
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance 6   150,662,553   149,784,353
VIII.    Capital redemption reserve
Opening balance   3,500,000   3,500,000
Additions during the year   ..   ..
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   3,500,000   3,500,000

F-
15

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

(Rs.
in thousands)

At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
IX.    Foreign currency translation reserve
Opening balance   12,431,431   13,699,874
Additions during the year   3,163,063   599,449
Deductions during the year   ..   (1,867,892)
Closing balance   15,594,494   12,431,431
X.      Revaluation reserve
Opening balance   32,284,975   31,252,824
Additions during the year 7   839,517   1,742,847
Deductions during the year 8   (2,206,076)   (710,696)
Closing balance   30,918,416   32,284,975
XI.    Revenue and other reserves
Opening balance   88,955,862   71,497,594
Additions during the year 9   52,795,238   20,297,813
Deductions during the year 9   (54,995)   (2,839,545)
Closing balance 10   141,696,105   88,955,862
XII.   Balance in profit and loss account 5   656,386,769   528,498,860
Deductions during the year 11   ..   (19,510,346)
Balance in profit and loss account   656,386,769   508,988,514
TOTAL RESERVES AND SURPLUS   2,123,401,284   1,803,961,070

1.   Includes
Rs. 9,576.3 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 7,923.3 million) on exercise of employee stock options.

2.   Represents
amount transferred by the Bank to Investment Fluctuation Reserve (IFR) on net profit on sale of AFS and HFT investments during the period.
The amount not less than the lower of net profit on sale of AFS and HFT category investments during the period or net profit for the
period less mandatory appropriations is required to be transferred to IFR, until the amount of IFR is at least 2% of the HFT and AFS
portfolio.

3.   Represents
unrealised profit/(loss) pertaining to the investments of venture capital funds.

4.   Includes
appropriations made by the Bank for profit on sale of investments in held-to-maturity category, net of taxes and transfer to Statutory
Reserve and profit on sale of land and buildings, net of taxes and transfer to Statutory Reserve.

5.   The
Bank had shifted certain securities from held-to-maturity category to available-for-sale category on May 3, 2017. RBI through its order
dated May 3, 2021 has directed the Bank to appropriate the net profit made on sale of these investments during FY2018 to Capital Reserve.
Accordingly, an amount of Rs. 15,091.1 million was transferred by the Bank from Balance in Profit and Loss account to Capital Reserve
during FY2022.

6.   Includes
capital reserve on consolidation amounting to Rs. 79.1 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 79.1 million).

7.   Represents
                                            gain on revaluation of premises carried out by the Bank and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited.

8.   Represents
amount transferred from Revaluation Reserve to General Reserve on account of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation, revaluation
surplus on premises sold or loss on revaluation on account of certain assets which were held for sale.

9.   Includes
Rs. 1,482.1 million towards addition in fair value change account (March 31, 2022: reduction amounting to Rs. 2,471.4 million) of ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

10.   Includes
unrealised profit/(loss), net of tax, of Rs.161.5 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 206.4 million) pertaining to the investments in the available-for-sale
category of ICICI Bank UK PLC.

11.   Represents
reduction due to discontinuation of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited from consolidation during FY2022.

F-
16

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE
2A - MINORITY INTEREST

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
Opening minority interest   59,808,935   95,883,393
Subsequent increase/(decrease) during the year 1   7,058,591   (36,074,458)
CLOSING MINORITY INTEREST   66,867,526   59,808,935

1.   FY2022
                                            includes deduction of minority interest of Rs. 39,052.5 million relating to ICICI Lombard
                                            General Insurance Company Limited subsequent to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
                                            being ceased to be a subsidiary.

SCHEDULE
3 - DEPOSITS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
A.   I.  Demand deposits
i) From banks   49,978,962   79,321,836
ii) From others   1,608,349,299   1,554,865,124
II.  Savings bank deposits   3,848,298,564   3,670,305,566
III. Term deposits
i) From banks   113,475,314   71,532,495
ii) From others   6,488,219,382   5,537,632,911
TOTAL DEPOSITS   12,108,321,521   10,913,657,932
B .  I. Deposits of branches in India   11,638,079,242   10,527,203,264
II. Deposits of branches/subsidiaries outside India   470,242,279   386,454,668
TOTAL DEPOSITS   12,108,321,521   10,913,657,932

SCHEDULE
4 - BORROWINGS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March
31, 2023   March
31, 2022
I.  Borrowings In India
i) Reserve Bank of India 1   18,899,200   ..
ii) Other banks   71,911,178   50,892,853
iii) Financial institutions 2   608,942,331   323,264,820
iv) Borrowings in the form of
a) Deposits   36,624,470   31,004,597
b) Commercial paper   98,022,849   90,353,072
c) Bonds and debentures (excluding subordinated debt)   506,782,072   430,564,188
v)  Capital instruments
a) Innovative Perpetual Debt Instruments (IPDI) (qualifying as additional Tier 1 capital)   51,400,000   66,950,000
b) Unsecured redeemable debentures/bonds (subordinated debt included in Tier 2 capital)   53,206,653   93,504,927
TOTAL BORROWINGS IN INDIA   1,445,788,753   1,086,534,457
II.	Borrowings outside India
i) Capital instruments

F-
17

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March
31, 2023   March
31, 2022

Unsecured redeemable debentures/bonds (subordinated debt included in Tier 2 capital)   5,962,274   5,529,406
ii) Bonds and notes   133,419,412   181,504,693
iii) Other borrowings   305,447,634   342,458,272
TOTAL BORROWINGS OUTSIDE INDIA   444,829,320   529,492,371
TOTAL BORROWINGS   1,890,618,073   1,616,026,828

1.
 Represents borrowings made under Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) and Standing Liquidity Facility (SLF). 2.
 Includes borrowings made by the Group under repo and refinance. 3.
 Secured borrowings in I and II above amounting to Rs. 239,969.1 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 232,515.3 million) other than the borrowings
under collateralised borrowing and lending obligation, market repurchase transactions (including tri-party repo) with banks and financial
institutions and transactions under liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility.

SCHEDULE
5 - OTHER LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
I.   Bills payable   136,037,076   130,686,122
II.   Inter-office adjustments (net)   3,228,016   4,418,106
III   Interest accrued   33,390,137   27,524,211
IV   Sundry creditors   242,830,603   206,506,321
V.   General provision for standard assets   49,946,771   44,586,271
VI.   Unrealised loss on foreign exchange and derivative contracts   183,764,747   112,918,929
VI   Others (including provisions) 1   336,248,942   301,443,346
TOTAL OTHER LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS   985,446,292   828,083,306

1.   Includes
                                            contingency provision of the Bank amounting to Rs. 131,000.0 million (March 31, 2022: Rs.
                                            74,500.0 million) and specific provision for standard loans amounting to Rs. 14,946.9 million
                                            (March 31, 2022: Rs. 30,203.0 million) by the Bank.

SCHEDULE
6 - CASH AND BALANCES WITH RESERVE BANK OF INDIA

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
I.	  Cash in hand (including foreign currency notes)   86,812,982   72,274,785
II.	 Balances with Reserve Bank of India
a)  In current account   480,256,431   530,012,284
b) In other accounts 1   119,420,000   494,020,000
TOTAL CASH AND BALANCES WITH RESERVE BANK OF INDIA   686,489,413   1,096,307,069

1.   Represents
                                            lending under Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) and Standing Deposit Facility (SDF).

F-
18

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE
7 - BALANCES WITH BANKS AND MONEY AT CALL AND SHORT NOTICE

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
I.  In India
i) Balances with banks
a) in current accounts   3,103,280   2,150,158
b) in other deposit accounts   107,287,660   58,739,519
ii) Money at call and short notice
a) with banks   8,217,000   ..
b) with other institutions 1   59,652,392   58,284,515
TOTAL   178,260,332   119,174,192
II. Outside India
i) in current accounts   310,635,743   332,048,410
ii) in other deposit accounts   26,782,094   179,630,804
iii) Money at call and short notice   162,397,346   104,099,357
TOTAL   499,815,183   615,778,571
TOTAL BALANCES WITH BANKS AND MONEY AT CALL AND SHORT NOTICE   678,075,515   734,952,763

1.

Includes lending under reverse repo.

SCHEDULE
8 - INVESTMENTS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
I.  Investments in India [net of provisions]
i)     Government securities   3,960,623,208   3,255,021,732
ii)    Other approved securities   ..   ..
iii)   Shares (includes equity and preference shares)   127,225,123   131,221,761
iv)   Debentures and bonds (including commercial paper and certificate of deposits)   526,539,870   415,992,085
v)    Assets held to cover linked liabilities of life insurance business 1   1,440,580,565   1,508,663,020
vi)   Cost of equity investment in associates 2   20,040,640   20,040,640
vii)  Others (mutual fund units, pass through certificates, security receipts, and other related investments) 3   172,557,780   134,270,515
TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN INDIA   6,247,567,186   5,465,209,753
II. Investments outside India [net of provisions]
i)    Government securities   89,972,472   152,078,246
ii)   Others (equity shares, bonds and certificate of deposits)   57,980,013   53,689,181
TOTAL INVESTMENTS OUTSIDE INDIA   147,952,485   205,767,427
TOTAL INVESTMENTS   6,395,519,671   5,670,977,180
A.  Investments in India
Gross value of investments 1   6,275,011,504   5,486,621,394
Less: Aggregate of provision/depreciation/(appreciation)   27,444,318   21,411,641

F-
19

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022

Net investments   6,247,567,186   5,465,209,753
B.  Investments outside India
Gross value of investments   153,368,477   208,954,192
Less: Aggregate of provision/depreciation/(appreciation)   5,415,992   3,186,765
Net investments   147,952,485   205,767,427
TOTAL INVESTMENTS   6,395,519,671   5,670,977,180

1.   Includes
                                            net appreciation amounting to Rs.169,588.6 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 244,271.4 million)
                                            on investments held to cover linked liabilities of life insurance business.

2.   Includes
                                            goodwill on consolidation of associates amounting to Rs. 221.9 million (March 31, 2022: Rs.
                                            221.9 million).

3.   Includes
                                            share in networth of associates as per equity method as prescribed by AS 23.

SCHEDULE
9 - ADVANCES (net of provisions)

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
A. i)    Bills
    purchased and discounted 1   497,557,667   482,956,949
ii)    Cash credits, overdrafts and loans repayable on demand   2,866,747,206   2,342,314,744
iii)   Term loans   7,474,358,274   6,377,809,697
TOTAL ADVANCES   10,838,663,147   9,203,081,390
B.  i)
        Secured by tangible assets (includes advances against book debts)   7,713,019,424   6,701,716,660
ii)    Covered by bank/government guarantees   159,202,710   185,673,079
iii)   Unsecured   2,966,441,013   2,315,691,651
TOTAL ADVANCES   10,838,663,147   9,203,081,390
C.  I.  Advances in India
i)     Priority sector   2,807,812,582   2,491,680,887
ii)    Public sector   516,152,443   483,782,406
iii )  Banks   7,698,171   432,346
iv)   Others   6,769,499,593   5,417,164,764
TOTAL ADVANCES IN INDIA   10,101,162,789   8,393,060,403
II. Advances
    outside India
i)    Due from banks   8,076,480   7,165,905
ii)   Due from others
a) Bills purchased and discounted   152,553,948   175,464,049
b) Syndicated and term loans   245,267,859   235,061,192
c) Others   331,602,071   392,329,841
TOTAL ADVANCES OUTSIDE INDIA   737,500,358   810,020,987
TOTAL ADVANCES   10,838,663,147   9,203,081,390

1.   Net
                                            of bills re-discounted amounting to Rs. 10,000.0 million (March 31, 2022: Nil).

F-
20

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE
10 - FIXED ASSETS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
I.    Premises Gross
block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   94,345,827   95,782,081
Additions during the year 1   2,793,216   3,334,955
Deductions during the year   (2,798,606)   (4,771,209)
Closing balance   94,340,437   94,345,827
Depreciation
At March 31of preceding year   23,514,011   21,854,971
Charge during the year 2   2,486,973   2,375,067
Deductions during the year   (455,659)   (716,027)
Total  depreciation   25,545,325   23,514,011
Net block 3   68,795,112   70,831,816
II.   Other
fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures) Gross
block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   98,784,940   97,137,491
Additions during the year   18,437,437   15,252,194
Deductions during the year   (6,219,745)   (13,604,745)
Closing balance   111,002,632   98,784,940
Depreciation
At March 31 of preceding year   66,817,309   66,259,069
Charge during the year   12,459,081   10,737,093
Deductions during the year   (6,101,926)   (10,178,853)
Total  depreciation   73,174,464   66,817,309
Net block   37,828,168   31,967,631
III. Lease
assets Gross
block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   17,890,746   17,735,221
Additions during the year   11,660   155,525
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance 4   17,902,406   17,890,746
Depreciation
At March 31 of preceding year   14,636,086   14,448,172
Charge during the year   199,564   187,914
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Total depreciation, accumulated lease adjustment and provisions   14,835,650   14,636,086
Net block   3,066,756   3,254,660
TOTAL FIXED ASSETS   109,690,036   106,054,107

1.   Includes
                                            net revaluation gain amounting to Rs. 811.7 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1,742.8 million)
                                            on account of revaluation carried out by the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary.

2.   Including
                                            depreciation charge on account of revaluation of Rs. 755.2 million for the year ended March
                                            31, 2023 (year ended March 31, 2022: Rs. 703.1 million).

3.   Includes
                                            assets amounting to Rs. 428.8 million of the Bank (March 31, 2022: Rs. 558.5 million) which
                                            are held for sale.

4.   Includes
                                            assets taken on lease by the Bank amounting to Rs. 1,187.8 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1,176.1
                                            million).

F-
21

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE
11 – OTHER ASSETS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
I.	      Inter-office adjustments (net)   ..   ..
II.      Interest accrued   151,100,647   108,389,915
III.	   Tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net)   20,372,701   26,241,723
IV.	   Stationery and stamps   379,124   337,907
V.	     Non-banking assets acquired in satisfaction of claims 1,2   ..   ..
VI.	   Advance for capital assets   9,009,963   4,460,876
VII.	  Deposits   54,892,587   40,100,556
VIII.	 Deferred tax asset (net) (refer note 18.9)   76,194,441   79,484,847
IX.    Deposits in Rural Infrastructure and Development Fund   216,216,187   264,194,161
X.     Unrealised gain on foreign exchange and derivative contracts   178,022,993   105,347,160
XI.	   Others   169,265,227   85,430,865
TOTAL OTHER ASSETS   875,453,870   713,988,010

1.   No
                                            assets were sold by the Bank during the year ended March 31, 2023 (year ended March 31, 2022:
                                            Rs. 563.6 million).

2.   Net
                                            of provision held by the Bank amounting to Rs. 29,011.8 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 29,011.8
                                            million).

SCHEDULE
12 - CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
I.      	Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts   88,006,837   89,527,688
II.     	Liability for partly paid investments   4,790,087   7,009,157
III.	   Liability on account of outstanding forward exchange contracts 1   15,492,543,076   10,757,369,659
IV.	   Guarantees given on behalf of constituents
a) In India   1,102,115,003   877,490,076
b) Outside India   134,004,861   158,594,796
V.	     Acceptances, endorsements and other obligations   435,202,811   458,778,736
VI.    	Currency swaps 1   570,626,929   502,108,785
VII.  	Interest rate swaps, currency options and interest rate futures 1   32,435,271,591   32,634,035,960
VIII. 	Other items for which the Group is contingently liable   96,949,837   38,496,310
TOTAL CONTINGENT LIABILITES   50,359,511,032   45,523,411,167

1.   Represents
                                            notional amount.

F-
22

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

SCHEDULE
13 - INTEREST EARNED

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March
31, 2023   March
31, 2022   March
31, 2021
I.    Interest/discount on advances/bills   879,292,351   668,865,377   602,616,872
II.   Income on investments (including dividend)   279,050,297   219,906,420   232,642,538
III.  Interest on
    balances with Reserve Bank of India and other inter-bank funds   23,054,570   18,195,960   18,817,238
IV.  Others 1,2   29,270,880   47,100,897   37,549,990
TOTAL INTEREST EARNED   1,210,668,098   954,068,654   891,626,638

1.   Includes
interest on income tax refunds amounting to Rs. 1,203.2 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 2,434.3 million).

2.   Includes
interest and amortisation of premium on non-trading interest rate swaps and foreign currency swaps.

SCHEDULE
14 - OTHER INCOME

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March
31, 2023   March
31, 2022   March
31, 2021
I.	    Commission, exchange and brokerage   196,484,672   172,883,870   140,230,546
II.	   Profit/(loss) on sale of investments (net) 1   12,730,117   23,145,295   81,257,186
III.	 Profit/(loss) on revaluation of investments (net)   (1,317,590)   1,981,586   (1,433,237)
IV.	 Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net) 2   542,579   56,635   (63,424)
V.	   Profit/(loss) on exchange/derivative transactions (net)   30,509,008   29,933,143   19,721,169
VI.	 Premium and other operating income from insurance business   411,367,848   389,595,741   479,230,586
VII.	Miscellaneous income (including lease income)   803,278   3,698,244   1,352,456
TOTAL OTHER INCOME   651,119,912   621,294,514   720,295,282

1.   For
the year ended March 31, 2021 includes gain on sale of a part of equity investment in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited,
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited.

2.   Includes
profit/(loss) on sale of assets given on lease.

SCHEDULE
15 - INTEREST EXPENDED

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March
31, 2023   March
31, 2022   March
31, 2021
I.	    Interest on deposits   394,765,407   336,132,833   337,196,585
II.	   Interest on Reserve Bank of India/inter-bank borrowings   13,380,975   4,402,009   12,001,131
III.	 Others (including interest on borrowings of erstwhile ICICI Limited)   97,287,497   71,131,869   77,393,158
TOTAL INTEREST EXPENDED   505,433,879   411,666,711   426,590,874

F-
23

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

(Continued)

SCHEDULE
16 - OPERATING EXPENSES

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March
31, 2023   March
31, 2022   March
31, 2021
I.	      Payments to and provisions for employees 1   152,341,687   123,416,025   110,509,051
II.	     Rent, taxes and lighting 2   15,846,567   14,085,917   13,829,516
III.	    Printing and stationery   2,713,187   2,232,877   2,067,614
IV.	    Advertisement and publicity   32,807,911   23,313,796   29,981,392
V.	     Depreciation on property   14,946,054   13,112,160   13,266,867
VI.	    Depreciation (including lease equalisation) on leased assets   199,538   187,914   133,877
VII.	  Directors' fees, allowances and expenses   137,405   123,496   125,453
VIII.	 Auditors' fees and expenses   248,666   219,598   295,992
IX.	    Law charges   1,771,894   1,707,140   2,076,875
X.	     Postages, courier, telephones, etc.   7,475,175   7,092,062   5,884,269
XI.	   Repairs and maintenance   34,644,161   26,994,748   21,785,244
XII.  	Insurance   14,788,575   13,025,817   9,893,192
XIII. 	Direct marketing agency expenses   32,599,179   25,697,664   18,938,669
XIV. 	Claims and benefits paid pertaining to insurance business   53,426,955   59,037,802   98,926,518
XV.	  Other expenses pertaining to insurance business 3   363,124,210   339,724,982   371,586,730
XVI. 	Other expenditure 4   97,319,068   81,545,277   63,415,437
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES   824,390,232   731,517,275   762,716,696

1.   For
                                            the year ended March 31, 2022, includes impact of Rs. 2,642.2 million for the Bank due to
                                            change in accounting policy from intrinsic value method to fair value method for all stock
                                            options granted after March 31, 2021 under the Bank's Employee Stock Option Scheme.

2.   Includes
                                            lease expense amounting to Rs. 12,512.8 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 11,389.0 million).

3.   Includes
                                            commission expenses and reserves for actuarial liabilities (including the investible portion
                                            of the premium on the unit-linked policies).

4.   Includes
                                            expenses on purchase of Priority Sector Lending Certificates (PSLC) for the Bank amounting
                                            to Rs. 15,035.2 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 13,206.1 million).

F-
24

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

SCHEDULE
17

Significant
accounting policies

Overview

ICICI
Bank Limited, together with its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates (collectively, the Group), is a diversified financial services
group providing a wide range of banking and financial services including commercial banking, retail banking, project and corporate finance,
working capital finance, insurance, venture capital and private equity, investment banking, broking and treasury products and services.

ICICI
Bank Limited (the Bank), incorporated in Vadodara, India is a publicly held banking company governed by the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

Principles
of consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the financials of ICICI Bank, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

Entities,
in which the Bank holds, directly or indirectly, through subsidiaries and other consolidating entities, more than 50.00% of the voting
rights or where it exercises control, over the composition of board of directors/governing body, are fully consolidated on a line-by-line
basis in accordance with the provisions of AS 21 on ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’. Investments in entities where the
Bank has the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and the pro-rata share
of their profit/(loss) is included in the consolidated profit and loss account. Assets, liabilities, income and expenditure of jointly
controlled entities are consolidated using the proportionate consolidation method. Under this method, the Bank’s share of each
of the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of the jointly controlled entity is reported in separate line items in the consolidated
financial statements. The Bank does not consolidate entities where the significant influence/control is intended to be temporary or entities
which operate under severe long-term restrictions that impair their ability to transfer funds to parent/investing entity or where the
objective of control is not to obtain economic benefit from their activities. All significant inter-company balances and transactions
with subsidiaries and entities consolidated as per AS 21 have been eliminated on consolidation.

Basis
of preparation

The
accounting and reporting policies of the Group used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements conform to Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles in India (Indian GAAP), the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Securities and Exchange
Board of India (SEBI), Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) from time to time and the Accounting Standards
notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read together with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, as applicable
to relevant companies and practices generally prevalent in the banking industry in India. In the case of the foreign subsidiaries, Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles as applicable to the respective foreign subsidiaries are followed. The Group follows the accrual method
of accounting except where otherwise stated, and the historical cost convention. In case the accounting policies followed by a subsidiary
or joint venture are different from those followed by the Bank, the same have been disclosed in the respective accounting policy.

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that are considered in the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities (including contingent liabilities) as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported income and expenses

F-
25

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

during
the reporting period. Management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are prudent
and reasonable. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The impact of any revision in these estimates is recognised prospectively
from the period of change.

The
consolidated financial statements include the results of the following entities in addition to the Bank.

Sr.
    no.   Name
    of the entity   Country
    of incorporation   Nature
    of relationship   Nature
    of business   Ownership
    interest
1.   ICICI
    Bank UK PLC   United
    Kingdom   Subsidiary   Banking   100.00%
2.   ICICI
    Bank Canada   Canada   Subsidiary   Banking   100.00%
3.   ICICI
    Securities Limited   India   Subsidiary   Securities
broking and merchant
banking   74.85%
4.   ICICI
    Securities Holdings Inc. 1   USA   Subsidiary   Holding
    company   100.00%
5.   ICICI
    Securities Inc. 1   USA   Subsidiary   Securities
    broking   100.00%
6.   ICICI
    Securities Primary Dealership Limited   India   Subsidiary   Securities
    investment, trading and underwriting   100.00%
7.   ICICI
    Venture Funds Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Private
    equity/venture capital fund management   100.00%
8.   ICICI
    Home Finance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Housing
    finance   100.00%
9.   ICICI
    Trusteeship Services Limited   India   Subsidiary   Trusteeship
    services   100.00%
10.   ICICI
    Investment Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Asset
management and Investment
advisory   100.00%
11.   ICICI
    International Limited   Mauritius   Subsidiary   Asset
    management   100.00%
12.   ICICI
    Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited 2   India   Subsidiary   Pension
    fund management and Points of Presence   100.00%
13.   ICICI
    Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Life
    insurance   51.27%
14.   ICICI
    Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Asset
    management   51.00%
15.   ICICI
    Prudential Trust Limited   India   Subsidiary   Trusteeship
    services   50.80%

F-
26

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Sr.
    no.   Name
    of the entity   Country
    of incorporation   Nature
    of relationship   Nature
    of business   Ownership
    interest

16.   ICICI
    Strategic Investments Fund   India   Consolidated
    as per AS 21   Venture
    capital fund   100.00%
17.   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 3   India   Associate   General
    insurance   48.02%
18.   I-Process
    Services (India) Private Limited 3   India   Associate   Services
    related to back end operations   19.00%
19.   NIIT
    Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited 3   India   Associate   Education
and training
in banking, finance and insurance   18.79%
20.   ICICI
    Merchant Services Private Limited 3   India   Associate   Merchant
    acquiring and servicing   19.01%
21.   India
    Infradebt Limited 3   India   Associate   Infrastructure
    finance   42.33%
22.   India
    Advantage Fund-III 3   India   Associate   Venture
    capital fund   24.10%
23.   India
    Advantage Fund-IV 3   India   Associate   Venture
    capital fund   47.14%
24.   Arteria
    Technologies Private Limited 3   India   Associate   Software
    company   19.98%

1.   ICICI
                                            Securities Holding Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Limited. ICICI Securities
                                            Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Holding Inc.

2.   ICICI
                                            Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI
                                            Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

3.   These
                                            entities have been accounted as per the equity method as prescribed by AS 23 on ‘Accounting
                                            for Investments in Associates in Consolidated Financial Statements’.

Comm
Trade Services Limited has not been consolidated under AS 21, since the investment is temporary in nature. Falcon Tyres Limited, in which
the Bank holds 26.39% equity shares has not been accounted as per equity method under AS 23, since the investment is temporary in nature.

F-
27

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES

1.   Translation
                                            of foreign currency items

The
consolidated financial statements of the Group are reported in Indian rupees (Rs.), the national currency of India. Foreign currency
income and expenditure items of domestic operations are translated at the exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. Income
and expenditure items of integral foreign operations (representative offices) are translated at daily closing rates, and income and expenditure
items of non-integral foreign operations (foreign branches, offshore banking units, foreign subsidiaries) are translated at quarterly
average closing rates.

Monetary
foreign currency assets and liabilities of domestic and integral foreign operations are translated at closing exchange rates notified
by Foreign Exchange Dealers’ Association of India

(FEDAI)
relevant to the balance sheet date and the resulting gains/losses are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Both
monetary and non-monetary foreign currency assets and liabilities of non-integral foreign operations are translated at relevant closing
exchange rates notified by FEDAI at the balance sheet date and the resulting gains/losses from exchange differences are accumulated in
the foreign currency translation reserve until the disposal of the net investment in the non-integral foreign operations. Pursuant to
RBI guideline, the Bank does not recognise the cumulative/proportionate amount of such exchange differences as income or expenses, which
relate to repatriation of accumulated retained earnings from overseas operations, in the profit and loss account.

Contingent
liabilities on account of guarantees, endorsements and other obligations denominated in foreign currencies are disclosed at the closing
exchange rates notified by FEDAI relevant to the balance sheet date.

2.   Revenue
                                            recognition

a)   Interest
                                            income is recognised in the profit and loss account as it accrues, except in the case of
                                            non-performing assets (NPAs) where it is recognised upon realisation, as per the income recognition
                                            and asset classification norms of RBI/NHB/other applicable guidelines.

b)   Income
                                            on discounted instruments is recognised over the tenure of the instrument.

c)   Dividend
                                            income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive the dividend is established.

d)   Loan
                                            processing fee is accounted for upfront when it becomes due except in the case of foreign
                                            banking subsidiaries, where it is amortised over the period of the loan.

e)   Project
                                            appraisal/structuring fee is accounted for on the completion of the agreed service.

f)   Arranger
                                            fee is accounted for as income when a significant portion of the arrangement is completed
                                            and right to receive is established.

g)   Commission
                                            received on guarantees and letters of credit issued is amortised on a straight-line basis
                                            over the period of the guarantee/letters of credit.

h)   Fund
                                            management and portfolio management fees are recognised on an accrual basis.

F-
28

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

i)   The
                                            annual/renewal fee on credit cards, debit cards and prepaid cards are amortised on a straight
                                            line basis over one year.

j)   All
                                            other fees are accounted for as and when they become due where the Group is reasonably certain
                                            of ultimate collection.

k)   Fees
                                            paid/received for priority sector lending certificates (PSLC) is amortised on straight-line
                                            basis over the period of the certificate.

l)   Income
                                            from securities brokerage activities is recognised as income on the trade date of the transaction.
                                            Brokerage income in relation to public or other issuances of securities is recognised based
                                            on mobilisation and terms of agreement with the client.

m)   Life
                                            insurance premium for non-linked policies is recognised as income (net of goods and service
                                            tax) when due from policyholders. For unit linked business, premium is recognised when the
                                            associated units are created. Premium on lapsed policies is recognised as income when such
                                            policies are reinstated. Top-up premiums paid by unit linked policyholders’ are considered
                                            as single premium and recognised as income when the associated units are created. Income
                                            from unit linked policies, which includes fund management charges, policy administration
                                            charges, mortality charges and other charges, if any, are recovered from the linked funds
                                            in accordance with the terms and conditions of the policy and are recognised when due.

n)   In
                                            case of life insurance business, reinsurance premium ceded/accepted is accounted in accordance
                                            with the terms of the relevant treaties/arrangements with the reinsurer/insurer. Profit commission
                                            on reinsurance ceded is netted off against premium ceded on reinsurance.

3.   Stock
                                            based compensation

The
following entities within the group have granted stock options to their employees:

•   ICICI
                                            Bank Limited

•   ICICI
                                            Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

•   ICICI
                                            Securities Limited

The
Employees Stock Option Scheme (the Scheme) of the Bank provides for grant of options on the Bank’s equity shares to wholetime directors
and employees of the Bank and its subsidiaries. The options granted vest in a graded manner and may be exercised within a specified period.

Till
March 31, 2021, the Bank recognised cost of stock options granted under Employee Stock Option Scheme, using intrinsic value method. Under
Intrinsic value method, options cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair market price of the underlying stock over the exercise
price on the grant date.

Pursuant
to RBI clarification dated August 30, 2021, the cost of stock options granted after March 31, 2021 is recognised based on fair value
method. The cost of stock options granted up to March 31, 2021 continues to be recognised on intrinsic value method. The Bank uses Black-Scholes
model to fair value the options on the grant date and the inputs used in the valuation model include assumptions such as the expected
life of the share option, volatility, risk free rate and dividend yield.

The
cost of stock options is recognised in the profit and loss account over the vesting period.

ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited have also formulated similar stock option schemes for their employees
for grant of equity shares of their

F-
29

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

respective
companies. The intrinsic value method is followed by them to account for their stock-based employee compensation plans. Compensation
cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair market price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on the grant date and
amortised over the vesting period. The fair market price is the closing price on the stock exchange with the highest trading volume of
the underlying shares of the Bank, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited, immediately prior to
the grant date.

The
banking subsidiaries namely, ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank Canada, account for the cost of the options granted to employees by ICICI
Bank using the fair value method as followed by the Bank.

4.   Income
                                            taxes

Income
tax expense is the aggregate amount of current tax and deferred tax expense incurred by the Group. The current tax expense and deferred
tax expense is determined in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and as per Accounting Standard 22 - Accounting
for Taxes on Income respectively. Deferred tax adjustments comprise changes in the deferred tax assets or liabilities during the year
and change in tax rate.

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognised by considering the impact of timing differences between taxable income and accounting income
for the current year, and carry forward losses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates and tax laws that have
been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. The impact of changes in the deferred tax assets and liabilities is
recognised in the profit and loss account.

Deferred
tax assets are recognised and re-assessed at each reporting date, based upon the management’s judgement as to whether their realisation
is considered as reasonably certain. However, in case of domestic companies, where there is unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward
loss under taxation laws, deferred tax assets are recognised only if there is virtual certainty of realisation of such assets.

In
the consolidated financial statements, deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed at an individual entity level and aggregated
for consolidated reporting.

Minimum
Alternate Tax (MAT) credit is recognised as an asset to the extent there is convincing evidence that the Group will pay normal income
tax during specified period, i.e., the period for which MAT credit is allowed to be carried forward as per prevailing provisions of the
Income Tax Act 1961. In accordance with the recommendation contained in the guidance note issued by ICAI, MAT credit is to be recognised
as an asset in the year in which it becomes eligible for set off against normal income tax. The Group reviews MAT credit entitlements
at each balance sheet date and writes down the carrying amount to the extent there is no longer convincing evidence to the effect that
the Group will pay normal income tax during the specified period.

5.   Claims
                                            and benefits paid

In
the case of life insurance business, benefits paid comprise policy benefits and claim settlement costs, if any. Death and rider
claims are accounted for on receipt of intimation. Survival and maturity benefits are accounted when due. Withdrawals and surrenders
under non linked policies are accounted on the receipt of intimation. Amount payable on lapsed/discontinued policies are accounted
for on expiry of lock-in-period of these policies. Surrenders, withdrawals and lapsation are disclosed at net of charges
recoverable. Claim settlement cost, legal and other fees form part of claim cost wherever applicable. Reinsurance claims receivable
are accounted for in the period in which the claim is

F-
30

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

intimated.
Repudiated claims and other claims disputed before the judicial authorities are provided for on prudent basis as considered appropriate
by the management.

6.   Liability
                                            for life policies in force

In
the case of life insurance business, the actuarial liabilities for life policies in force and policies where premiums are discontinued
but a liability exists as at the valuation date, are calculated in accordance with accepted actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance
Act, 1938, as amended from time to time, and regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, relevant
Guidance Notes and Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India.

7.   Actuarial
                                            method and valuation

In
the case of life insurance business, the actuarial liability on both participating and non-participating policies is calculated using
the gross premium method, using assumptions for interest, mortality, morbidity, expense and inflation, and in the case of participating
policies, future bonuses together with allowance for taxation and allocation of profits to shareholders. These assumptions are determined
as prudent estimates at the date of valuation with allowances for adverse deviations.

The
liability for the unexpired portion of the risk for the non-unit liabilities of linked business and attached riders is the higher of
liability calculated using discounted cash flows and unearned premium reserves.

The
unit liability in respect of linked business has been taken as the value of the units standing to the credit of policyholders, using
the Net Asset Value (NAV) prevailing at the valuation date.

An
unexpired risk reserve and a reserve in respect of claims incurred but not reported are created, for one year renewable group term insurance.

The
interest rates used for valuing the liabilities are in the range of 4.99% to 6.58% per annum (previous year – 3.67% to 6.30% per
annum).

Mortality
rates used are based on the published “Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-2014) Ult.” mortality table for assurances and
“Indian Individual Annuitant’s Mortality Table (2012-15)” table for annuities, adjusted to reflect expected experience
while morbidity rates used are based on CIBT 93 table, adjusted for expected experience, or on risk rates supplied by reinsurers.

Expenses
are provided for at least at current levels, in respect of renewal expenses, with no allowance for future improvements. Per policy renewal
expenses for regular premium policies are assumed to inflate at 4.90% per annum (previous year – 4.59%).

8.   Acquisition
                                            costs for insurance business

Acquisition
costs are those costs that vary with and are primarily related to the acquisition of insurance contracts and are expensed in the period
in which they are incurred.

9.   Employee
                                            benefits

Gratuity

The
Group pays gratuity, a defined benefit plan, to employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service
and in case of employees at overseas locations as per the rules

F-
31

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

in
force in the respective countries. The Group makes contribution to recognised trusts which administer the funds on their own account
or through insurance companies.

Actuarial
valuation of the gratuity liability is determined by an independent actuary appointed by the Group. Actuarial valuation of gratuity liability
is determined based on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected
unit credit method. The actuarial gains or losses arising during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Superannuation
Fund and National Pension Scheme

The
Bank has a superannuation fund, a defined contribution plan, which is administered by trustees and managed by insurance companies. The
Bank contributes 15.0% of the total annual basic salary for certain employees to superannuation funds. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited and ICICI Investment
Management Company Limited have accrued for superannuation liability based on a percentage of basic salary payable to eligible employees
for the period of service.

The
Group contributes upto 10.0% of the total basic salary of certain employees to National Pension Scheme (NPS), a defined contribution
plan, which is managed and administered by pension fund management companies. The employees are given an option to receive the amount
in cash in lieu of such contributions along with their monthly salary during their employment.

The
amounts so contributed/paid by the Group to the superannuation fund and NPS or to employees during the year are recognised in the profit
and loss account. The Group has no liability towards future benefits under superannuation fund and national pension scheme other than
its annual contribution.

Pension

The
Bank provides for pension, a defined benefit plan covering eligible employees of erstwhile Bank of Madura, erstwhile Sangli Bank and
erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan. The Bank makes contribution to a trust which administers the funds on its own account or through insurance
companies. The plan provides for pension payment including dearness relief on a monthly basis to these employees on their retirement
based on the respective employee’s years of service with the Bank and applicable salary.

Actuarial
valuation of the pension liability is determined by an independent actuary appointed by the Bank. Actuarial valuation of pension liability
is calculated based on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected
unit credit method.

The
actuarial gains or losses arising during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Employees
covered by the pension plan are not eligible for employer’s contribution under the provident fund plan.

Provident
fund

The
Group is statutorily required to maintain a provident fund, a defined benefit plan, as a part of retirement benefits to its employees.
Each employee contributes a certain percentage of his or her basic salary and the Group contributes an equal amount for eligible employees.
The Group makes contribution as required by The Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 to Employees’
Pension Scheme administered by the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner and the balance contributions are transferred to funds administered
by trustees. The funds are invested according to the rules prescribed by the Government of India. The Group recognises such contribution
as an expense in the year in which it is incurred.

F-
32

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Interest
payable on provident fund should not be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by the Central Government under the Employees
Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952. Actuarial valuation for the interest obligation on the provident fund balances
is determined by an actuary appointed by the Group.

The
actuarial gains or losses arising during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The
overseas branches of the Bank and its eligible employees contribute a certain percentage of their salary towards respective government
schemes as per local regulatory guidelines. The contribution made by the overseas branches is recognised in profit and loss account at
the time of contribution.

Compensated
absences

The
Group provides for compensated absences based on actuarial valuation conducted by an independent actuary.

10.   Provisions,
                                            contingent liabilities and contingent assets

The
Group estimates the probability of any loss that might be incurred on outcome of contingencies on the basis of information available
upto the date on which the consolidated financial statements are prepared. A provision is recognised when an enterprise has a present
obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in
respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. Provisions are determined based on management estimates of amounts required to settle
the obligation at the balance sheet date, supplemented by experience of similar transactions. These are reviewed at each balance sheet
date and adjusted to reflect the current management estimates. In cases where the available information indicates that the loss on the
contingency is reasonably possible but the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, a disclosure to this effect is made in the
consolidated financial statements. In case of remote possibility, neither provision nor disclosure is made in the consolidated financial
statements. The Group does not account for or disclose contingent assets, if any.

The
Bank estimates the probability of redemption of customer loyalty reward points using an actuarial method by employing an independent
actuary and accordingly makes provision for these reward points. Actuarial valuation is determined based on certain assumptions regarding
mortality rate, discount rate, cancellation rate and redemption rate.

11.   Cash
                                            and cash equivalents

Cash
and cash equivalents include cash in hand, balances with RBI, balances with other banks and money at call and short notice.

12.   Investments

i)   Investments
                                            of the Bank are accounted for in accordance with the extant RBI guidelines on investment
                                            classification and valuation.

a.   The
                                            Bank follows trade date method of accounting for purchase and sale of investments, except
                                            for government of India and state government securities where settlement date method of accounting
                                            is followed in accordance with RBI guidelines.

b.   All
                                            investments are classified into ‘Held to Maturity’ (HTM), ‘Available for
                                            Sale’ (AFS) and ‘Held for Trading’ (HFT) on the date of purchase as per
                                            the extant RBI guidelines on investment classification and valuation. Reclassifications,
                                            if any, in any category are

F-
33

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

accounted
for as per the RBI guidelines. Under each classification, the investments are further categorised as (a) government securities, (b) other
approved securities, (c) shares, (d) bonds and debentures and (e) others.

c.   Investments
                                            that are held principally for resale within 90 days from the date of purchase are classified
                                            as HFT securities. Investments which the Bank intends to hold till maturity are classified
                                            as HTM securities. Investments which are not classified in either of the above categories
                                            are classified under AFS securities.

d.   Costs
                                            including brokerage and commission pertaining to investments paid at the time of acquisition
                                            and broken period interest (the amount of interest from the previous interest payment date
                                            till the date of purchase of instruments) on debt instruments are charged to the profit and
                                            loss account.

e.   Securities
                                            are valued scrip-wise. Depreciation/appreciation on securities, other than those acquired
                                            by way of conversion of outstanding loans, is aggregated for each category. Net appreciation
                                            in each category under each investment classification, if any, being unrealised, is ignored,
                                            while net depreciation is provided. The depreciation on securities acquired by way of conversion
                                            of outstanding loans is fully provided. Non-performing investments are identified based on
                                            the RBI guidelines.

f.   HTM
                                            securities are carried at their acquisition cost or at amortised cost, if acquired at a premium
                                            over the face value. Any premium over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate securities
                                            acquired is amortised over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and
                                            straight line basis respectively.

g.   AFS
                                            and HFT securities are valued periodically as per RBI guidelines. Any premium over the face
                                            value of fixed rate and floating rate investments in government securities, classified as
                                            AFS, is amortised over the remaining period to maturity on constant yield basis and straight
                                            line basis respectively. Quoted investments are valued based on the closing quotes on the
                                            recognised stock exchanges or prices declared by Primary Dealers Association of India (PDAI)
                                            jointly with Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association (FIMMDA)/Financial Benchmark
                                            India Private Limited (FBIL), periodically.

h.   The
                                            market/fair value of unquoted government securities which are in the nature of Statutory
                                            Liquidity Ratio (SLR) securities included in the ‘AFS’ and ‘HFT’
                                            categories is as per the rates published by FBIL. The valuation of other unquoted fixed income
                                            securities, including Pass Through Certificates, wherever linked to the Yield-to-Maturity
                                            (YTM) rates, is computed with a mark-up (reflecting associated credit risk) over the YTM
                                            rates for government securities published by FIMMDA. The sovereign foreign securities and
                                            non-INR India linked bonds are valued on the basis of prices published by the sovereign regulator
                                            or counterparty quotes.

i.   Treasury
                                            bills, commercial papers and certificate of deposits being discounted instruments, are valued
                                            at carrying cost.

j.   The
                                            units of mutual funds are valued at the latest repurchase price/net asset value declared
                                            by the mutual fund. Unquoted equity shares are valued at the break-up value, if the latest
                                            balance sheet is available, or at Rs. 1, as per RBI guidelines.

k.   The
                                            units of Venture Capital Funds (VCFs) are valued at the net asset value (NAV) declared by
                                            the VCF. If the latest balance sheet is not available continuously for more than 18 months,
                                            the units of VCF are valued at Rs. 1, as per RBI guidelines.

F-
34

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

l.   At
                                            the end of each reporting period, security receipts issued by the asset reconstruction companies
                                            are valued in accordance with the guidelines applicable to such instruments, prescribed by
                                            RBI from time to time. Accordingly, in cases where the cash flows from security receipts
                                            issued by the asset reconstruction companies are limited to the actual realisation of the
                                            financial assets assigned to the instruments in the concerned scheme, the Bank reckons the
                                            net asset value obtained from the asset reconstruction company from time to time, for valuation
                                            of such investments at each reporting period end. The Bank makes additional provisions on
                                            the security receipts based on the remaining period to end. The security receipts which are
                                            outstanding and not redeemed as at the end of the resolution period are treated as loss assets
                                            and are fully provided.

m.   Depreciation/provision
                                            on non-performing investments is made as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum
                                            provisioning requirements of RBI.

n.   Gain/loss
                                            on sale of investments is recognised in the profit and loss account. Cost of investments
                                            is computed based on the First-In-First-Out (FIFO) method. The profit from sale of investment
                                            under HTM category, net of taxes and transfer to statutory reserve is transferred to “Capital
                                            Reserve” in accordance with the RBI Guidelines.

o.   The
                                            Bank undertakes short sale transactions in dated central government securities in accordance
                                            with RBI guidelines. The short positions are categorised under HFT category and are marked-to-market.
                                            The mark-to-market loss is charged to profit and loss account and gain, if any, is ignored
                                            as per RBI guidelines.

p.   Market
                                            repurchase, reverse repurchase and transactions with RBI under Liquidity Adjustment Facility
                                            (LAF) are accounted for as borrowing and lending transactions in accordance with the extant
                                            RBI guidelines.

ii)   The
                                            Bank’s consolidating venture capital fund carries investments at fair values, with
                                            unrealised gains and temporary losses on investments recognised as components of investors’
                                            equity and accounted for in the unrealised investment reserve account. The realised gains
                                            and losses on investments and units in mutual funds and unrealised gains or losses on revaluation
                                            of units in mutual funds are accounted for in the profit and loss account. Provisions are
                                            made in respect of accrued income considered doubtful. Such provisions as well as any subsequent
                                            recoveries are recorded through the profit and loss account. Subscription to/purchase of
                                            investments are accounted at the cost of acquisition inclusive of brokerage, commission and
                                            stamp duty.

iii)   The
                                            Bank’s primary dealership and securities broking subsidiaries classify the securities
                                            held with the intention of holding for short-term and trading as stock-in-trade which are
                                            valued at lower of cost or market value. The securities classified by primary dealership
                                            subsidiary as held-to-maturity, as permitted by RBI, are carried at amortised cost. Appropriate
                                            provision is made for other than temporary diminution in the value of investments. Commission
                                            earned in respect of securities acquired upon devolvement is reduced from the cost of acquisition.

iv)   The
                                            Bank’s housing finance subsidiary classifies its investments as current investments
                                            and long-term investments. Investments that are readily realisable and intended to be held
                                            for not more than a year are classified as current investments, which are carried at the
                                            lower of cost and net realisable value. All other investments are classified as long-term
                                            investments, which are carried at their acquisition cost or at amortised cost, if acquired
                                            at a premium over the face value. Any premium over the face value of the securities acquired
                                            is amortised over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis. However, a
                                            provision for diminution in value is made to recognise any other than temporary decline in
                                            the value of such long-term investments.

F-
35

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

v)   The
                                            Bank’s overseas banking subsidiaries account for unrealised gain/loss, net of tax,
                                            on investment in ‘AFS’/’Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income’
                                            (FVOCI) category directly in their reserves. Further unrealised gain/loss on investment in
                                            ‘HFT’/’Fair Value Through Profit and Loss’ (FVTPL) category is accounted
                                            directly in the profit and loss account. Investments in ‘HTM’/’amortised
                                            cost’ category are carried at amortised cost.

In
the case of life insurance business, investments are made in accordance with the Insurance Act, 1938 (amended by the Insurance Laws (Amendment)
Act, 2015), the IRDA (Investment) Regulations, 2016, and various other circulars/notifications issued by the IRDAI in this context from
time to time.

vi)   Valuation
                                            of investments (other than linked business) is done on the following basis:

a.   All
                                            debt securities including government securities and redeemable preference shares are considered
                                            as ‘held to maturity’ and stated at historical cost, subject to amortisation
                                            of premium or accretion of discount over the period of maturity/holding on a constant yield
                                            basis.

b.   Listed
                                            equity shares and equity exchange traded funds (ETF) are stated at fair value being the last
                                            quoted closing price on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) (or BSE, in case the investments
                                            are not listed on NSE). Unlisted equity shares are stated at acquisition cost less impairment,
                                            if any. Equity shares lent under the Securities Lending and Borrowing scheme (SLB) continue
                                            to be recognised in the Balance Sheet as the Company retains all the associated risks and
                                            rewards of these securities. Non-traded and thinly traded equity share are valued at last
                                            available price on NSE/BSE or the value derived using valuation principle of net worth per
                                            share, whichever is lower.

c.   Mutual
                                            fund units are valued based on the previous day’s net asset value.

Unrealised
gains/losses arising due to changes in the fair value of listed equity shares and mutual fund units are taken to ’Revenue and other
reserves’ and ‘Liabilities on policies in force’ in the balance sheet for Shareholders’ fund and Policyholders’
fund respectively for life insurance business.

The
Bank’s life insurance subsidiary assess at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that any investment may be impaired.
If any such indication exists, the carrying value of such investment is reduced to its recoverable amount and the impairment loss is
recognised in the revenue(s)/profit and loss account. The previously impaired loss is also reversed on disposal/realisation of securities
and results thereon are recognised.

The
total proportion of investments for which subsidiaries have applied accounting policies different from the Bank as mentioned above, is
approximately 21.95% of the total investments at March 31, 2023.

13.   Provisions/write-offs
                                            on loans and other credit facilities

i)   Loans
                                            and other credit facilities of the Bank are accounted for in accordance with the extant RBI
                                            guidelines as given below:

The
Bank classifies its loans and investments, including at overseas branches and overdues arising from crystallised derivative contracts,
into performing and NPAs in accordance with

F-
36

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

RBI
guidelines. Loans and advances held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations but which
are standard as per the extant RBI guidelines, are classified as NPAs to the extent of amount outstanding in the respective host country.
Further, NPAs are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated by RBI. Interest on non-performing
advances is transferred to an interest suspense account and not recognised in profit and loss account until received.

The
Bank considers an account as restructured, where for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty,
the Bank grants concessions to the borrower, that the Bank would not otherwise consider. The moratorium granted to the borrowers based
on RBI guidelines is not accounted as restructuring of loan. The RBI guidelines on ‘Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress’
provide a prudential framework for resolution plan of certain loans. The borrowers where resolution plan was implemented under these
guidelines are classified as standard restructured.

In
the case of corporate loans and advances, provisions are made for sub-standard and doubtful assets as per internal provisioning norms,
subject to minimum provisioning requirements of RBI. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful assets are fully provided. For
impaired loans and advances held in overseas branches, which are performing as per RBI guidelines, provisions are made as per the host
country regulations. For loans and advances held in overseas branches, which are NPAs both as per RBI guidelines and host country guidelines,
provisions are made at the higher of the provisions required as per internal provisioning norms and host country regulations. Provisions
on homogeneous non-performing retail loans and advances, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of RBI, are made on the basis of
the ageing of the loan. The specific provisions on non-performing retail loans and advances held by the Bank are higher than the minimum
regulatory requirements.

In
respect of non-retail loans reported as fraud to RBI, the entire amount is provided over a period not exceeding four quarters starting
from the quarter in which fraud has been detected. In respect of non-retail loans where there has been delay in reporting the fraud to
the RBI or which are classified as loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In case of fraud in retail accounts, the
entire amount is provided immediately. In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative borrowers or willful defaulters, the Bank
makes accelerated provisions as per RBI guidelines.

The
Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and advances, and against certain performing loans and advances in accordance
with RBI directions.

The
Bank makes provision on restructured loans subject to minimum requirements as per RBI guidelines. Provision due to diminution in the
fair value of restructured/rescheduled loans and advances is made in accordance with the applicable RBI guidelines.

Non-performing
and restructured loans are upgraded to standard as per the extant RBI guidelines or host country regulations, as applicable.

In
terms of RBI guideline, the NPAs are written-off in accordance with the Bank’s policy. Amounts recovered against bad debts written-off
are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The
Bank maintains general provision on performing loans and advances in accordance with the RBI guidelines, including provisions on loans
to borrowers having unhedged foreign currency exposure, provisions on loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sector,

F-
37

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

provision
on exposures to step-down subsidiaries of Indian companies and provision on incremental exposure to borrowers identified as per RBI’s
large exposure framework. For performing loans and advances in overseas branches, the general provision is made at higher of aggregate
provision required as per host country regulations and RBI requirement.

In
addition to the provisions required to be held according to the asset classification status, provisions are held for individual country
exposures including indirect country risk (other than for home country exposure). The countries are categorised into seven risk categories
namely insignificant, low, moderately low, moderate, moderately high, high and very high, and provisioning is made on exposures exceeding
180 days on a graded scale ranging from 0.25% to 25%. For exposures with contractual maturity of less than 180 days, provision is required
to be held at 25% of the rates applicable to exposures exceeding 180 days. The indirect exposure is reckoned at 50% of the exposure.
If the country exposure (net) of the Bank in respect of each country does not exceed 1% of the total funded assets, no provision is required
on such country exposure.

The
Bank makes additional provisions as per RBI guidelines for the cases where viable resolution plan has not been implemented within the
timelines prescribed by the RBI from the date of default. These additional provisions are written-back on satisfying the conditions for
reversal as per RBI guidelines.

The
Bank, on prudent basis, has made contingency provision on certain loan portfolios, including borrowers who had taken moratorium at any
time during FY2021 under the extant RBI guidelines related to Covid-19 regulatory package. The Bank also makes additional contingency
provision on certain standard assets. The contingency provision is included in ‘Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

The
Bank has a Board approved policy for making floating provision, which is in addition to the specific and general provisions made by the
Bank. The floating provision is utilised, with the approval of Board and RBI, in case of contingencies which do not arise in the normal
course of business and are exceptional and non-recurring in nature and for making specific provision for impaired loans as per the requirement
of extant RBI guidelines or any regulatory guidance/instructions. The floating provision is netted-off from advances.

ii)   In
                                            the case of the Bank’s housing finance subsidiary, loans and other credit facilities
                                            are classified as per the Master Directions – Non Banking Financial Company –
                                            Housing Finance Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2021 issued by Reserve Bank of India
                                            (‘Master Direction’). Further, NPAs are classified into sub-standard, doubtful
                                            and loss assets based on criteria stipulated in the Master Direction. Additional provisions
                                            are made against specific non-performing assets over and above what is stated above, if in
                                            the opinion of management, increased provisions are necessary. General provision on restructured
                                            loans is made as per RBI guidelines.

iii)   In
                                            the case of the Bank’s UK subsidiary, loans are stated net of allowance for credit
                                            losses. Loans are classified as impaired and impairment losses are incurred only if there
                                            is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after
                                            the initial recognition on the loan (a loss event) and that loss event (or events) has an
                                            impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. An
                                            allowance for impairment losses is maintained at a level that management considers adequate
                                            to absorb identified credit related losses as well as losses that have occurred but have
                                            not yet been identified.

F-
38

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

iv)   The
                                            Bank’s Canadian subsidiary measures impairment loss on all financial assets using expected
                                            credit loss (ECL) model based on a three-stage approach. The ECL for financial assets that
                                            are not credit-impaired and for which there is no significant increase in credit risk since
                                            origination, is computed using 12-month probability of default (PD), and represents the lifetime
                                            cash shortfalls that will result if a default occurs in next 12 months. The ECL for financial
                                            assets, that are not credit-impaired but have experienced a significant increase in credit
                                            risk since origination, is computed using a life time PD, and represents lifetime cash shortfalls
                                            that will result if a default occurs during the expected life of financial assets. A financial
                                            asset is considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact
                                            on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. The allowance for
                                            credit losses for impaired financial assets is computed based on individual assessment of
                                            expected cash flows from such assets.

The
total proportion of loans for which subsidiaries have applied accounting policies different from the Bank as mentioned above, is approximately
5.95% of the total loans at March 31, 2023.

14.   Transfer
                                            and servicing of assets

The
Bank transfers commercial and consumer loans through securitisation transactions. The transferred loans are de-recognised and gains/losses
are accounted, only if the Bank surrenders the rights to benefits specified in the underlying securitised loan contract. Recourse and
servicing obligations are accounted for net of provisions.

In
accordance with the RBI guidelines for securitisation of standard assets, with effect from February 1, 2006, the profit/premium arising
from securitisation is amortised over the life of the securities issued or to be issued by the special purpose vehicle to which the assets
are sold. With effect from May 7, 2012, the RBI guidelines require the profit/premium arising from securitisation to be amortised based
on the method prescribed in the guidelines. As per the RBI guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, gain realised at the time of securitisation
of loans is accounted through profit and loss account on completion of transaction. The Bank accounts for any loss arising from securitisation
immediately at the time of sale.

The
unrealised gains, associated with expected future margin income is recognised in profit and loss account on receipt of cash, after absorbing
losses, if any.

Net
income arising from sale of loan assets through direct assignment with recourse obligation is amortised over the life of underlying assets
sold and net income from sale of loan assets through direct assignment, without any recourse obligation, is recognised at the time of
sale. Net loss arising on account of direct assignment of loan assets is recognised at the time of sale. As per the RBI guidelines issued
on September 24, 2021, any loss or realised gain from sale of loan assets through direct assignment is accounted through profit and loss
account on completion of transaction.

The
acquired loans is carried at acquisition cost. In case premium is paid on a loan acquired, premium is amortised over the loan tenure.

In
accordance with RBI guidelines, in case of non-performing loans sold to Asset Reconstruction Companies (ARCs), the Bank reverses the
excess provision in profit and loss account in the year in which amounts are received. Any shortfall of sale value over the net book
value on sale of such assets is recognised by the Bank in the year in which the loan is sold.

F-
39

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The
Canadian subsidiary has entered into securitisation arrangements in respect of its originated and purchased mortgages. ICICI Bank Canada
either retains substantially all the risk and rewards or retains control over these mortgages, hence these arrangements do not qualify
for de-recognition accounting under their local accounting standards. It continues to recognise the mortgages securitised as “Loans
and Advances” and the amounts received through securitisation are recognised as “Other borrowings”.

15.   Fixed
                                            assets

Fixed
assets, other than premises of the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment,
if any. In case of the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary, premises are carried at revalued amount, being fair value at the date
of revaluation less accumulated depreciation. Cost includes freight, duties, taxes and incidental expenses related to the acquisition
and installation of the asset. Depreciation is charged over the estimated useful life of fixed assets on a straight-line basis. The useful
life of the groups of fixed assets for domestic group companies is based on past experience and expectation of usage, which for some
categories of fixed assets, is different from the useful life as prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013.

Assets
purchased/sold during the year are depreciated on a pro-rata basis for the actual number of days the asset has been capitalised.

In
case of the Bank, assets individually costing up to Rs  5,000/- are depreciated fully in the year of acquisition. Further, profit
on sale of premises by the Bank is appropriated to capital reserve, net of transfer to Statutory Reserve and taxes, in accordance with
RBI guidelines.

In
case of revalued/impaired assets, depreciation is provided over the remaining useful life of the assets with reference to revised asset
values. In case of premises, which are carried at revalued amounts, the depreciation on the excess of revalued amount over historical
cost is transferred from Revaluation Reserve to General Reserve annually.

Non-banking
assets

Non-banking
assets (NBAs) acquired in satisfaction of claims are valued at the market value on a distress sale basis or value of loan, whichever
is lower. Further, the Bank creates provision on these assets as per the extant RBI guidelines or specific RBI directions.

16.   Foreign
                                            exchange and derivative contracts

The
forward exchange contracts that are not intended for trading and are entered into to establish the amount of reporting currency required
or available at the settlement date of a transaction are effectively valued at closing spot rate. The premium or discount arising on
inception of such forward exchange contracts is amortised over the life of the contract as interest income/expense. All other outstanding
forward exchange contracts are revalued based on the exchange rates notified by FEDAI for specified maturities and at interpolated rates
for contracts of interim maturities. The contracts of longer maturities where exchange rates are not notified by FEDAI are revalued based
on the forward exchange rates implied by the swap curves in respective currencies. The resultant gains or losses are recognised in the
profit and loss account.

The
swap contracts entered to hedge on-balance sheet assets and liabilities are structured such that they bear an opposite and offsetting
impact with the underlying on-balance sheet items. The impact of such derivative instruments is correlated with the movement of underlying
assets and liabilities and accounted pursuant to the principles of hedge accounting. The Group identifies the hedged item (asset or liability)
at the inception of the transaction itself. Hedge effectiveness is ascertained at the time of the inception of the hedge and periodically
thereafter. Based on RBI circular issued on June 26, 2019,

F-
40

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

the
accounting of hedge relationships established after June 26, 2019 is in accordance with the Guidance note on Accounting for Derivative
Contracts issued by ICAI. The swaps under hedge relationships established prior to that date are accounted for on an accrual basis and
are not marked to market unless their underlying transaction is marked-to-market. Gains or losses arising from hedge ineffectiveness,
if any, are recognised in the profit and loss account except in the case of the Bank’s overseas banking subsidiaries.

In
overseas subsidiaries, in case of fair value hedge, the hedging transactions and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) are measured
at fair value with changes recognised in the profit and loss account and in case of cash flow hedges, changes in the fair value of effective
portion of the cash flow hedge are taken to ‘Revenue and other reserves’ and ineffective portion, if any, are recognised
in the profit and loss account.

The
derivative contracts entered into for trading purposes are marked to market and the resulting gain or loss is accounted for in the profit
and loss account. Pursuant to RBI guidelines, any receivables under derivative contracts which remain overdue for more than 90 days and
mark-to-market gains on other derivative contracts with the same counter-parties are reversed through the profit and loss account.

17.   Impairment
                                            of assets

The
immovable fixed assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset may not be recoverable. An asset is treated as impaired when its carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The impairment
is recognised by debiting the profit and loss account and is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the impaired assets
exceeds their recoverable value. The Bank and its housing finance subsidiary follows revaluation model of accounting for its premises
and the recoverable amount of the revalued assets is considered to be close to its revalued amount. Accordingly, separate assessment
for impairment of premises is not required.

For
assets other than premises, the Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired.
Impairment loss, if any, is provided in the profit and loss account to the extent the carrying amount of assets exceeds their estimated
recoverable amount.

18.   Lease
                                            transactions

Lease
payments including cost escalations for assets taken on operating lease are recognised as an expense in the profit and loss account over
the lease term on straight line basis. The leases of property, plant and equipment, where substantially all of the risks and rewards
of ownership are transferred to the Bank are classified as finance lease. Minimum lease payments under finance lease are apportioned
between the finance costs and outstanding liability.

19.   Earnings
                                            per share

Basic
earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss after tax for the year attributable to equity shareholders by the
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding for the year.

Diluted
earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if contracts to issue equity shares were exercised or converted during
the year. Diluted earnings per equity share is computed using the weighted average number of equity shares and dilutive potential equity
shares issued by the group outstanding during the year, except where the results are anti-dilutive.

F-
41

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

20.   Bullion
                                            transaction

The
Bank deals in bullion business on a consignment basis. The bullion is priced to the customers based on the price quoted by the supplier.
The difference between price recovered from customers and cost of bullion is accounted for as commission at the time of sales to the
customers. The Bank also deals in bullion on a borrowing and lending basis and the interest expense/income is accounted on accrual basis.

21.   Share
                                            issue expenses

Share
issue expenses are deducted from Share Premium Account in terms of Section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013.

F-
42

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

SCHEDULE
18: NOTES FORMING PART OF THE ACCOUNTS

A.
The following additional disclosures have been made taking into account the requirements of Accounting Standards (ASs) and Reserve Bank
of India (RBI) guidelines.

1.   Earnings
per share

Basic
and diluted earnings per equity share are computed in accordance with AS 20 - Earnings per share. Basic earnings per equity share is
computed by dividing net profit/(loss) after tax by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year. Diluted
earnings per equity share is computed using the weighted average number of equity shares and weighted average number of dilutive potential
equity shares outstanding during the year.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the computation of earnings per share.

Rs.
    in million, except per share data
Year ended March 31, 2023   Year
ended March
31, 2022
Net
    profit/(loss) attributable to equity share holders   340,366.4   251,101.0
Nominal
    value per share (Rs.)   2.00   2.00
Basic
    earnings per share (Rs.)   48.86   36.21
Effect
    of potential equity shares (Rs.)   (1.02)   (0.77)
Diluted
    earnings per share (Rs.) 1   47.84   35.44
Reconciliation
    between weighted shares used in computation of basic and diluted earnings per share
Basic
    weighted average number of equity shares outstanding   6,966,305,957   6,933,652,636
Add:
    Effect of potential equity shares   138,684,400   142,291,212
Diluted
    weighted average number of equity shares outstanding   7,104,990,357   7,075,943,848

1.
The dilutive impact is due to options granted to employees by the Group.

F-
43

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

2.   Related
party transactions

The
Group has transactions with its related parties comprising associates/other related entities and key management personnel and relatives
of key management personnel.

I.   Related
                                            parties

Associates/other
related entities

Sr.
    no.   Name
    of the entity   Nature
    of relationship
1.   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   Associate
2.   Arteria
    Technologies Private Limited   Associate
3.   India
    Advantage Fund-III   Associate
4.   India
    Advantage Fund-IV   Associate
5.   India
    Infradebt Limited   Associate
6.   ICICI
    Merchant Services Private Limited   Associate
7.   I-Process
    Services (India) Private Limited   Associate
8.   NIIT
    Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited   Associate
9.   Comm
    Trade Services Limited   Other
    related entity
10.   ICICI
    Foundation for Inclusive Growth   Other
    related entity
11.   Cheryl
    Advisory Private Limited   Other
    related entity

Key
management personnel

Sr.
    no.   Name
    of the Key management personnel   Relatives
    of the Key management personnel
1.   Mr.
    Sandeep Bakhshi   ● Ms. Mona Bakhshi ● Mr. Shivam Bakhshi ● Ms. Aishwarya Bakshi ● Ms. Esha Bakhshi ● Ms. Minal Bakhshi ● Mr. Sameer Bakhshi ● Mr. Ritwik Thakurta ● Mr. Ashwin Pradhan ● Ms. Radhika Bakhshi
2.   Mr.
    Anup Bagchi   ● Ms. Mitul Bagchi ● Mr. Aditya Bagchi ● Mr. Shishir Bagchi ● Mr. Arun Bagchi
3.   Mr.
    Sandeep Batra   ● Mr. Pranav Batra ● Ms. Arushi Batra ● Mr. Vivek Batra ● Ms. Veena Batra
4.   Mr.
Rakesh Jha (w.e.f
September 2, 2022)   ● Mr. Narendra Kumar Jha ● Mr. Navin Ahuja ● Mr. Sharad Bansal ● Ms. Aparna Ahuja ● Ms. Apoorva Jha Bansal ● Ms. Pushpa Jha ● Ms. Sanjali Jha ● Ms. Swati Jha

F-
44

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Sr.
    no.   Name
    of the Key management personnel   Relatives
    of the Key management personnel
5.   Ms.
Vishakha Mulye (upto
May 31, 2022)   ● Mr. Vivek Mulye ● Ms. Vriddhi Mulye ● Mr. Vighnesh Mulye ● Dr. Gauresh Palekar ● Ms. Shalaka Gadekar ● Dr. Nivedita Palekar

II.   Transactions
with related parties

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the significant transactions between the Group and its related parties.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year
    ended March 31, 2023   Year
    ended March 31, 2022
Interest
    income   438.0   516.9
Associates/others   434.8   510.9
Key
    management personnel   3.2   6.0
Income
    from services rendered   1,422.7   1,215.7
Associates/others   1,419.9   1,214.0
Key
    management personnel   0.9   1.2
Relatives
    of key management personnel   1.9   0.5
Gain/(loss)
    on forex and derivative transactions (net)   50.8   36.6
Associates/others   50.8   36.6
Income
    from shared services   326.5   369.2
Associates/others   326.5   369.2
Dividend
    income   2,347.1   1,993.3
Associates/others   2,347.1   1,993.3
Insurance
    claims received   163.0   229.6
Associates/others   163.0   229.6
Interest
    expense   225.7   199.0
Associates/others   205.2   192.2
Key
    management personnel   15.3   4.8
Relatives
    of key management personnel   5.2   2.0
Expenses
    for services received   15,702.6   12,297.3
Associates/others   15,702.6   12,297.3
Insurance
    premium paid   3,544.6   3,222.4
Associates/others   3,544.6   3,222.4

F-
45

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year
    ended March 31, 2023   Year
    ended March 31, 2022

Expenses
    for shared services and other payments   0.8   0.8
Associates/others   0.8   0.8
Insurance
    claims paid   19.0   42.6
Associates/others   18.5   42.1
Key
    management personnel   0.5   0.5
CSR
    related reimbursement of expenses   4,441.1   2,239.2
Associates/others   4,441.1   2,239.2
Donation
    given   564.5   486.4
Associates/others   564.5   486.4
Purchase
    of investments   1,634.0   1,766.5
Associates/others   1,634.0   1,766.5
Sale
    of Investments   31,667.3   8,286.9
Associates/others   31,667.3   8,286.9
Investments
    in the securities issued by related parties   1,850.0   1,000.0
Associates/others   1,850.0   1,000.0
Issuance
    of securities to related parties   1,000.0   ..
Associates/others   1,000.0   ..
Redemption/buyback
    of Investments   1,615.5   ..
Associates/others   1,615.5   ..
Purchase
    of fixed assets   3.4   4.8
Associates/others   3.4   4.8
Insurance
    premium received   58.7   75.8
Associates/others   55.3   67.1
Key
    management personnel   2.6   3.5
Relatives
    of key management personnel   0.8   5.2
Remuneration
    to wholetime directors 2   336.6   267.6
Key
    management personnel   336.6   267.6
Dividend
    paid   3.9   2.5
Key
    management personnel   3.2   2.5
Relatives
    of key management personnel   0.7   0.0
Value
    of ESOPs exercised   306.2   394.2
Key
    management personnel   306.2   394.2

F-
46

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year
    ended March 31, 2023   Year
    ended March 31, 2022

Sale
    of fixed assets   0.2   ..
Key
    management personnel   0.2   ..

1.   0.0
                                            represents insignificant amount.

2.   Excludes
                                            the perquisite value on employee stock options exercised and includes performance bonus paid
                                            during the period.

III.   Material
transactions with related parties

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the material transactions between the Group and its related parties. A specific
related party transaction is disclosed as a material related party transaction wherever it exceeds 10% of all related party transactions
in that category.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Interest
    income
1   India
    Infradebt Limited   421.2   505.4
Income
    from services rendered
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   1,267.5   1,066.5
Gain/(loss)
    on forex and derivative transactions (net)
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   50.8   36.6
Income
    from shared services
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   262.0   314.6
2   ICICI
    Foundation for Inclusive Growth   37.2   38.7
Dividend
    income
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   2,240.5   1,886.8
Insurance
    Claims received
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   163.0   229.6
Interest
    expense
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   140.5   163.6
2   ICICI
    Merchant Services Private Limited   25.9   8.3
Expenses
    for services received
1   I-Process
    Services (India) Private Limited   10,406.6   8,450.4
2   ICICI
    Merchant Services Private Limited   5,226.6   3,790.0
Insurance
    Premium paid
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   3,544.6   3,222.4
Expenses
    for shared services and other payments
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   0.8   0.8
Insurance
    claims paid
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   16.2   42.1
2   ICICI
    Foundation for Inclusive Growth   2.3   ..

F-
47

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year
                                            ended March
                                            31, 2023   Year
                                            ended March
                                            31, 2022

CSR
    related reimbursement of expenses
1   ICICI
    Foundation for Inclusive Growth   4,441.1   2,239.2
Donation
    given
1   ICICI
    Foundation for Inclusive Growth   564.5   486.4
Purchase
    of investments
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   1,634.0   1,766.5
Sale
    of Investments
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   24,647.6   6,776.2
2   India
    Infradebt Limited   7,019.7   1,510.7
Investments
    in the securities issued by related parties
1   India
    Infradebt Limited   1,850.0   1,000.0
Issuance
    of securities to related parties
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   1,000.0   ..
Redemption/buyback
    of investments
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   1,615.5   ..
Purchase
    of fixed assets
1   Arteria
    Technologies Private Limited   3.2   1.7
2   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   0.1   3.1
Insurance
    premium received
1   ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   54.1   47.9
2   ICICI
    Foundation for Inclusive Growth   0.7   18.6
Remuneration
    to wholetime directors 2
1   Mr.
    Sandeep Bakhshi 3   95.7   73.7
2   Mr.
    Anup Bagchi   86.5   66.3
3   Mr.
    Sandeep Batra 3   85.3   64.0
4   Mr.
    Rakesh Jha   45.9   N.A.
5   Ms.
    Vishakha Mulye   23.2   63.6
Dividend
    paid
1   Mr.
    Sandeep Bakhshi   1.8   0.4
2   Mr.
    Anup Bagchi   0.0   0.1
3   Mr.
    Sandeep Batra   0.6   0.2
4   Mr.
    Rakesh Jha   0.7   N.A.
5   Ms.
    Vishakha Mulye   N.A.   1.8
6   Mr.
    Shivam Bakhshi   0.4   0.0
Value
    of ESOPs exercised
1   Mr.
    Sandeep Bakhshi   27.2   277.1
2   Mr.
    Anup Bagchi   183.2   56.0
3   Mr.
    Sandeep Batra   22.0   4.8
4   Ms.
    Vishakha Mulye   73.8   56.3
Sale
    of fixed assets
1   Mr.
    Rakesh Jha   0.1   ..
2   Ms.
    Vishakha Mulye   0.1   ..

F-
48

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

1.   0.0
                                            represents insignificant amount.

2.   Excludes
                                            the perquisite value on employee stock options exercised, and includes performance bonus
                                            paid during the period.

3.   Includes
                                            remuneration received from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited relating to the
                                            period of his service with that company.

IV.   Related
party outstanding balances

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the outstanding balances payable to/receivable from related parties.

Rs.
    in million
Items   At
                                            March 31, 2023   At
March 31, 2022
Deposits
    with the Group   2,960.0   3,591.0
Associates/others   2,603.0   3,424.7
Key
    management personnel   260.7   125.1
Relatives
    of key management personnel   96.3   41.2
Payables   3,718.3   3,482.7
Associates/others   3,716.9   3,482.6
Key
    management personnel   0.4   0.0
Relatives
    of key management personnel   1.0   0.1
Investments
    of the Group   24,863.5   24,773.8
Associates/others   24,863.5   24,773.8
Investments
    of related parties in the Group   1,601.3   2,104.6
Associates/others   1,600.0   2,100.0
Key
    management personnel   1.1   2.1
Relatives
    of key management personnel   0.2   2.5
Advances
    by the Group   277.4   267.1
Associates/others   191.3   127.7
Key
    management personnel   85.7   139.1
Relatives
    of key management personnel   0.4   0.3
Receivables   1,538.9   1,927.9
Associates/others   1,538.9   1,927.9
Guarantees
    issued by the Group   63.1   59.0
Associates/others   63.1   59.0

1.   0.0
                                            represents insignificant amount.

V.   Related
party maximum balances

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the maximum balances payable to/receivable from related parties.

Rs.
    in million
Items   Year
ended March
31, 2023   Year
ended March
31, 2022
Deposits
    with the Group
Key
    management personnel   420.7   277.4

F-
49

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Items   Year
ended March
31, 2023   Year
ended March
31, 2022

Relatives
    of key management personnel   266.6   176.5
Payables 1
Key
    management personnel   0.4   0.1
Relatives
    of key management personnel   1.0   0.1
Investments
    of related parties in the Group 1
Key
    management personnel   1.9   3.0
Relatives
    of key management personnel   0.3   2.5
Advances
    by the Group
Key
    management personnel   139.2   269.2
Relatives
    of key management personnel   2.3   1.9

1.   Maximum
                                            balance is determined based on comparison of the total outstanding balances at each quarter
                                            end during the financial year.

3.   Employee
Stock Option Scheme (ESOS)

ICICI
Bank:

In
terms of the ESOS, as amended, the maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.05%
of the issued equity shares of the Bank at the time of grant of the options and aggregate of all such options granted to the eligible
employees shall not exceed 10.0% of the aggregate number of the issued equity shares of the Bank on the date(s) of the grant of options
in line with SEBI Regulations. Under the stock option scheme, eligible employees are entitled to apply for equity shares. In April 2016,
exercise period was modified from 10 years from the date of grant or five years from the date of vesting, whichever is later, to 10 years
from the date of vesting. In June 2017, exercise period was further modified to not exceed 10 years from the date of vesting of options
as may be determined by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee to be applicable for future grants. In May 2018,
exercise period was further modified to not exceed 5 years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board Governance,
Remuneration & Nomination Committee to be applicable for future grants.

Options
granted after March 2014 vest in a graded manner over a three-year period with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing
from the end of 12 months from the date of grant other than certain options granted in April 2014 which vested to the extent of 50% on
April 30, 2017 and the balance on April 30, 2018 and option granted in September 2015 which vested to the extent of 50% on April 30,
2018 and balance 50% vested on April 30, 2019. Options granted in January 2018 vested at the end of four years from the date of grant.
Certain options granted in May 2018, vested to the extent of 50% on May 2021 and balance 50% on May 2022.

Options
granted prior to March 2014 except mentioned below, vested in a graded manner over a four-year period, with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of
the grants vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 12 months from the date of grant. Options granted in April 2009 vested in
a graded manner over a five-year period with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of grant vesting each year, commencing from the end of 24 months from
the date of grant. Options granted in September 2011 vested in a graded manner over a five-year period with 15%, 20%, 20% and 45% of
grant vesting each year, commencing from the end of 24 months from the date of the grant.

The
exercise price of the Bank’s options, except mentioned below, is the last closing price on the stock exchange, which recorded highest
trading volume preceding the date of grant of options. In February 2011, the Bank granted 16,692,500 options to eligible employees and
whole-time Directors of the Bank and certain of its subsidiaries at an exercise price of Rs.175.82. This exercise price was the average

F-
50

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

closing
price on the stock exchange during the six months ended October 28, 2010. Of these options granted, 50% vested on April 30, 2014 and
the balance 50% vested on April 30, 2015.

The
weighted average fair value, based on Black-Scholes model, of options granted during the year ended March 31, 2023 was Rs. 291.15 (year
ended March 31, 2022: Rs. 227.75).

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options granted.

Particulars   Year
ended March
31, 2023   Year
ended March
31, 2022
Risk-free
    interest rate   5.99%
    to 7.37%   5.34%
    to 6.53%
Expected
    term   3.23
    to 5.23 years   3.55
    to 5.55 years
Expected
    volatility   34.79%
    to 38.98%   35.38%
    to 39.41%
Expected
    dividend yield   0.27%
    to 0.72%   0.18%
    to 0.30%

Risk
free interest rates over the expected term of the option are based on the government securities yield in effect at the time of the grant.
The expected term of an option is estimated based on the vesting term as well as expected exercise behavior of the employees who receive
the option. Expected exercise behavior is estimated based on the historical stock option exercise pattern of the Bank. Expected volatility
during the estimated expected term of the option is based on historical volatility determined based on observed market prices of the
Bank's publicly traded equity shares. Expected dividends during the estimated expected term of the option are based on recent dividend
activity.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the summary of the status of the Bank’s stock option plan.

Rs.
    except number of options
Particulars   Stock
    options outstanding
Year
    ended March 31, 2023   Year
    ended March 31, 2022
Number
    of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Number
    of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs.
per share)
Outstanding
    at the beginning of the year   237,197,999   310.82   246,590,972   276.14
Add:
    Granted during the year   25,793,500   747.92   25,550,350   570.43
Less:
    Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   3,921,340   568.36   2,164,335   444.41
Less:
    Exercised during the year   34,044,356   276.72   32,778,988   243.44
Outstanding
    at the end of the year   225,025,803   361.60   237,197,999   310.82
Options
    exercisable   172,938,533   289.69   177,170,739   264.69

The
following table sets forth, the summary of stock options outstanding at March 31, 2023.

Range
of exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Number
    of options   Weighted
average exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Weighted
    average remaining contractual life (number of years)
60-199   7,202,993   160.84   1.85
200-399   145,129,078   267.52   4.37
400-599   48,347,432   479.32   4.15

F-
51

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Range
of exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Number
    of options   Weighted
average exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Weighted
    average remaining contractual life (number of years)

600-799   24,274,900   747.62   6.17
800-899   71,400   862.88   6.58

The
following table sets forth, the summary of stock options outstanding at March 31, 2022.

Range
of exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Number
    of options   Weighted
average exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Weighted
    average remaining contractual life (Number of years)
60-199   11,245,113   160.69   2.52
200-399   171,000,375   267.10   5.30
400-599   54,887,211   477.26   5.11
600-799   46,300   737.63   6.63
800-899   19,000   810.25   6.92

The
options were exercised regularly throughout the period and weighted average share price as per National Stock Exchange price volume data
during the year ended March 31, 2023 was Rs. 832.00 (year ended March 31, 2022: Rs. 703.14).

ICICI
Life:

ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company has formulated ESOS for their employees. There is no compensation cost for the year ended March 31,
2023 based on the intrinsic value of options.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company.

Rs.
    except number of options
Particulars   Stock
    options outstanding
Year
    ended March 31, 2023   Year
    ended March 31, 2022
Number of
options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Number of
options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs.
per share)
Outstanding
    at the beginning of the year   20,184,630   404.87   17,175,700   389.25
Add:
    Granted during the year   5,227,730   541.00   5,061,600   453.05
Less:
    Forfeited/lapsed during the year   199,690   461.18   735,800   412.86
Less:
    Exercised during the year   1,270,555   384.94   1,316,870   381.95
Outstanding
    at the end of the year   23,942,115   435.18   20,184,630   404.87
Options
    exercisable   13,559,815   395.34   7,991,235   390.40

F-
52

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The
following table sets forth, summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company at March 31, 2023.

Range
of exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Number
    of options   Weighted
average exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Weighted
    average remaining contractual life (number of years)
300-399   8,825,615   379.70   3.20
400-499   9,896,370   428.41   5.27
500-599   5,165,630   541.00   6.10
600-699   54,500   619.43   5.06

The
following table sets forth, summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company at March 31, 2022.

Range
of exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Number
    of options   Weighted
    average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted
    average remaining contractual life (number of years)
300-399   10,048,090   379.99   4.20
400-499   10,076,540   428.40   6.30
600-699   60,000   620.05   6.80

ICICI
Securities:

ICICI
Securities Limited has formulated ESOS for their employees. There is no compensation cost for the year ended March 31, 2023 based on
the intrinsic value of options.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Securities Limited.

F-
53

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    except number of options
Particulars   Stock
    options outstanding
Year
ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Number of
options   Weighted
    average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of
options   Weighted
    average exercise price (Rs. per share)
Outstanding
    at the beginning of the year   2,939,279   342.43   2,528,350   295.92
Add:
    Granted during the year   1,657,700   624.68   953,000   426.91
Less:
    Forfeited/lapsed during the year   263,980   514.77   93,000   389.72
Less:
    Exercised during the year   186,455   305.89   449,071   250.08
Outstanding
    at the end of the year   4,146,544   445.94   2,939,279   342.43
Options
    exercisable   1,588,294   306.03   2,041,139   305.12

The
following table sets forth, summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Securities Limited at March 31, 2023.

Range
of exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Number
    of options   Weighted
    average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted
average remaining contractual life (number
of years)
200-249   696,230   221.45   3.10
250-299   37,730   256.55   2.98
350-399   1,127,904   361.00   4.13
400-449   749,880   424.60   5.10
500-549   4,700   512.10   6.81
600-649   1,523,800   625.00   6.05
750-799   6,300   774.60   5.30

The
following table sets forth, summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Securities Limited at March 31, 2022.

Range
of exercise price (Rs.
per share)   Number
    of options   Weighted
    average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted
average remaining contractual life (number
of years)
200-249   790,000   221.45   5.06
250-299   37,730   256.55   4.55
300-399   1,212,149   361.00   6.10
400-449   888,900   424.60   7.06
450-499   4,200   468.10   6.58
750-799   6,300   774.60   7.30

F-
54

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

4.   Fixed
assets

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the movement in software acquired by the Group, as included in fixed assets.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   At
    March 31, 2023   At
    March 31, 2022
At
    cost at March 31 of preceding year   33,010.5   35,196.2
Less:
    Reduction on account of discontinuation of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited from consolidation   ..   (6,470.5)
Adjusted
    cost at March 31 of preceding year   33,010.5   28,725.7
Additions
    during the year   5,480.1   4,658.3
Deductions
    during the year   (2,258.2)   (373.5)
Depreciation
    to date   (26,065.1)   (24,086.0)
Net
    block   10,167.3   8,924.5

5.   Assets
on lease

5.1   Assets
                                            taken under operating lease

Operating
leases primarily comprise office premises which are renewable at the option of the Group.

(i)
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the details of liability for premises taken on non-cancellable operating leases.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   At
    March 31, 2023   At
    March 31, 2022
Not
    later than one year   924.1   681.4
Later
    than one year and not later than five years   1,443.2   1,501.9
Later
    than five years   396.2   567.0
Total   2,763.5   2,750.3

The terms
of renewal are those normally prevalent in similar agreements and there are no undue restrictions in the agreements.

(ii)
Total of non-cancellable lease payments recognised in the profit and loss account for the year is Rs. 1,064.3 million (Year ended March
31, 2022 Rs. 993.4 million).

5.2   Assets
                                            taken under finance lease

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the details of assets taken on finance leases.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   At
    March 31, 2023   At
March 31, 2022
A.Total
    minimum lease payments outstanding
Not
    later than one year   271.3   269.2
Later
    than one year and not later than five years   596.1   792.3
Later
    than five years   14.9   76.4
Total   882.3   1,137.9
B.Interest
    cost payable

F-
55

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   At
    March 31, 2023   At
March 31, 2022

Not
    later than one year   70.0   92.5
Later
    than one year and not later than five years   83.3   146.8
Later
    than five years   0.5   3.8
Total   153.8   243.1
C.Present
    value of minimum lease payments payable(A-B)
Not
    later than one year   201.3   176.7
Later
    than one year and not later than five years   512.8   645.5
Later
    than five years   14.4   72.6
Total   728.5   894.8

5.3   Assets
                                            given under finance lease

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the details of finance leases.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   At
    March 31, 2023   At
March 31, 2022
Future
    minimum lease receipts
Present
    value of lease receipts   50.2   416.5
Unmatured
    finance charges   2.0   13.9
Sub
    total   52.2   430.4
Less:
    collective provision   (0.2)   (0.5)
Total   52.0   429.9
Maturity
    profile of future minimum lease receipts
- Not later than one year   19.0   237.8
- Later than one year and not later than five years   33.2   192.6
- Later than five years   ..   ..
Total   52.2   430.4
Less:
    collective provision   (0.2)   (0.5)
Total   52.0   429.9

Maturity
profile of present value of lease rentals

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the details of maturity profile of present value of finance lease receipts.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   At
    March 31, 2023   At
    March 31, 2022
Maturity
    profile of future present value of finance lease receipts
- Not later than one year   17.7   229.6
- Later than one year and not later than five years   32.5   186.9
- Later than five years   ..   ..
Total   50.2   416.5

F-
56

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Less:
    collective provision   (0.2)   (0.5)
Total   50.0   416.0

6.   Provisions
and contingencies

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the break-up of provisions and contingencies included in the profit and loss account.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year
ended March
31, 2022
Provision
    for depreciation of investments   13,917.0   5,412.3
Provision
    towards non-performing and other assets   (3,653.5)   63,775.2
Provision
    towards income tax
-
    Current   114,564.4   74,044.5
-
    Deferred   3,370.0   10,529.9
Other
    provisions and contingencies 1,2   59,135.7   20,579.0
Total
    provisions and contingencies   187,333.6   174,340.9

1.   Includes
                                            contingency provision made amounting to Rs. 56,500.0 million made by the Bank on a prudent
                                            basis (March 31, 2022: write-back of provision of Rs. 250.0 million).

2.   Includes
                                            general provision made towards standard assets, provision on fixed assets acquired under
                                            debt-asset swap and non-fund based facilities.

The
Group has assessed its obligations arising in the normal course of business, including pending litigations, proceedings pending with
tax authorities and other contracts including derivative and long-term contracts. In accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standard
- 29 on ‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets’, the Group recognises a provision for material foreseeable
losses when it has a present obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required
to settle the obligation, in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. In cases where the available information indicates that
the loss on the contingency is reasonably possible or the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, a disclosure to this effect
is made as contingent liabilities in the financial statements. The Group does not expect the outcome of these proceedings to have a materially
adverse effect on its financial results. For insurance contracts booked in its life insurance subsidiary, reliance has been placed on
the Appointed Actuary for actuarial valuation of ‘liabilities for policies in force’. The Appointed Actuary has confirmed
that the assumptions used in valuation of liabilities for policies in force are in accordance with the guidelines and norms issued by
the IRDAI and the Institute of Actuaries of India in concurrence with the IRDAI.

During fiscal 2023, the Directorate General of GST Intelligence initiated an inquiry into goods and service tax (GST) credit availed on
certain expenses incurred by the ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Ltd. (the Company).

Subsequently, in June 2023, the Company received
show cause cum demand notice for Rs. 4,920.6 million from the Directorate General of GST Intelligence. The matter largely relates to an
industry wide issue of input tax credit and the Company believes that it has availed eligible input GST credit in compliance with the
provisions of the Central Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 and other applicable laws. The Company is in the process of sending a response
and will contest the matter.

F-
57

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

7.   Staff
retirement benefits

Pension

The
following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of
plan assets and other details for pension benefits.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year
ended March
31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Opening
    obligations   18,661.0   20,265.6
Service
    cost   151.7   204.6
Interest
    cost   1,150.6   1,145.3
Actuarial
    (gain)/loss   758.2   (546.5)
Liabilities
    extinguished on settlement   (2,192.6)   (2,289.8)
Benefits
    paid   (99.8)   (118.2)
Obligations
    at the end of year   18,429.1   18,661.0
Opening
    plan assets, at fair value   19,843.3   21,162.2
Expected
    return on plan assets   1,522.0   1,620.7
Actuarial
    gain/(loss)   (682.0)   (331.9)
Assets
    distributed on settlement   (2,436.2)   (2,544.2)
Contributions   42.9   54.7
Benefits
    paid   (99.8)   (118.2)
Closing
    plan assets, at fair value   18,190.2   19,843.3
Fair
    value of plan assets at the end of the year   18,190.2   19,843.3
Present
    value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (18,429.1)   (18,661.0)
Amount
    not recognised as an asset (limit in Para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   (401.9)
Asset/(liability)   (238.9)   780.4
Cost 1
Service
    cost   151.7   204.6
Interest
    cost   1,150.6   1,145.3
Expected
    return on plan assets   (1,522.0)   (1,620.7)
Actuarial
    (gain)/loss   1,440.2   (214.6)
Curtailments
    & settlements (gain)/loss   243.6   254.4
Effect
    of the limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’   (401.9)   97.1
Net
    cost   1,062.2   (133.9)
Actual
    return on plan assets   840.0   1,288.8
Expected
    employer’s contribution next year   1,000.0   2,000.0

F-
58

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year
ended March
                                            31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022

Investment
    details of plan assets
Government
    of India securities   41.74%   46.69%
Corporate
    bonds   48.30%   46.45%
Equity
    securities in listed companies   7.08%   6.46%
Others   2.88%   0.40%
Assumptions
Discount
    rate   7.30%   6.30%
Salary
    escalation rate:
On
    Basic pay   1.50%   1.50%
On
    Dearness relief   8.00%   7.00%
Estimated
    rate of return on plan assets   7.50%   7.50%

1.
Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule 16- Operating expenses.

Estimated
rate of return on plan assets is based on the expected average long-term rate of return on investments of the Fund during the estimated
term of the obligations.

Experience
adjustment

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022   Year ended March 31, 2021   Year ended March 31, 2020   Year ended March 31, 2019
Plan
    assets   18,190.2   19,843.3   21,162.2   16,972.1   15,438.8
Defined
    benefit obligations   (18,429.1)   (18,661.0)   (20,265.6)   (19,914.3)   (16,540.3)
Amount
    not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   (401.9)   (304.8)   ..   ..
Surplus/(deficit)   (238.9)   780.4   591.8   (2,942.2)   (1,101.5)
Experience
    adjustment on plan assets   (682.0)   (331.9)   521.9   741.1   (125.9)
Experience
    adjustment on plan liabilities   805.8   809.0   613.4   2,186.1   1,038.6

Gratuity

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of
plan assets and other details for gratuity benefits of the Group.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Opening
    obligations   16,895.1   16,954.5

F-
59

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022

Add:
    Adjustment for exchange fluctuation on opening obligation   12.2   6.0
Less:
    Adjustment 1   ..   (1,037.6)
Adjusted
    opening obligations   16,907.3   15,923.1
Service
    cost   1,643.8   1,581.7
Interest
    cost   1,166.7   1,058.8
Actuarial
    (gain)/loss   1,108.1   (114.1)
Past
    service cost   (72.2)   ..
Liability
    transferred from/to other companies   21.9   (0.1)
Benefits
    paid   (1,877.8)   (1,554.3)
Obligations
    at the end of the year   18,896.8   16,895.1
Opening
    plan assets, at fair value   16,738.3   16,541.6
Less:
    Adjustment 1   ..   (1,080.6)
Adjusted
    opening plan assets at fair value   16,738.3   15,461.0
Expected
    return on plan assets   1,197.7   1,116.6
Actuarial
    gain/(loss)   (577.3)   (33.1)
Contributions   1,544.4   1,748.2
Assets
    transferred from/to other companies   36.5   (0.1)
Benefits
    paid   (1,877.8)   (1,554.3)
Closing
    plan assets, at fair value   17,061.6   16,738.3
Fair
    value of plan assets at the end of the year   17,061.6   16,738.3
Present
    value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (18,896.8)   (16,895.1)
Amount
    not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..
Asset/(liability)   (1,835.2)   (156.8)
Cost 2
Service
    cost   1,643.8   1,581.7
Interest
    cost   1,166.7   1,058.8
Expected
    return on plan assets   (1,197.7)   (1,116.6)
Actuarial
    (gain)/loss   1,685.4   (81.0)
Past
    service cost   (72.2)   ..
Exchange
    fluctuation loss/(gain)   12.2   6.0
Amount
    not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..
Net
    cost   3,238.2   1,448.9
Actual
    return on plan assets   620.4   1,083.4
Expected
    employer’s contribution next year   1,731.0   1,030.0
Investment
    details of plan assets
Insurer
    managed funds   9.97%   18.88%
Government
    of India securities   30.07%   23.76%
Corporate
    bonds   42.87%   38.90%

F-
60

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022

Special
    Deposit schemes   ..   ..
Equity   15.04%   16.75%
Others   2.05%   1.71%
Assumptions
Discount
    rate   7.30%-7.50%   5.80%-7.30%
Salary
    escalation rate   7.00%-10.00%   7.00%-10.00%
Estimated
    rate of return on plan assets   7.00%-8.00%   7.00%-8.00%

1
.

Represents reduction on account of discontinuation of ICICI Lombard Insurance Company Limited from Consolidation.

2
.

Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule 16- Operating expenses.

Estimated
rate of return on plan assets is based on the expected average long-term rate of return on investments of the Fund during the estimated
term of the obligations.

Experience
adjustment

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022   Year ended March 31, 2021   Year ended March 31, 2020   Year ended March 31, 2019
Plan
    assets   17,061.6   16,738.3   16,541.6   13,636.8   12,112.4
Defined
    benefit obligations   (18,896.8)   (16,895.1)   (16,954.5)   (15,743.6)   (13,317.1)
Amount
    not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Surplus/(deficit)   (1,835.2)   (156.8)   (412.9)   (2,106.8)   (1,204.7)
Experience
    adjustment on plan assets   (577.3)   (33.1)   892.1   (167.4)   (62.0)
Experience
    adjustment on plan liabilities   869.4   464.7   (548.2)   253.6   243.7

The
estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take into consideration inflation, seniority, promotion and
other relevant factors.

Provident
Fund (PF)

The
Group does not have any liability towards interest rate guarantee on exempt provident fund on the basis of actuarial valuation at March
31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: Nil).

The
following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of
plan assets and other details for provident fund of the Group.

F-
61

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year
ended March 31, 2022
Opening
    obligations   49,411.5   45,617.9
Less:
    Adjustments 1   (655.3)   (711.1)
Adjusted
    opening balance   48,756.2   44,906.8
Service
    cost   2,747.6   2,202.0
Interest
    cost   3,367.1   2,947.1
Actuarial
    (gain)/loss   1,032.8   (15.9)
Employees
    contribution   4,707.4   4,049.0
Liability
    transferred from/to other companies   805.2   546.1
Benefits
    paid   (6,048.6)   (5,223.6)
Obligations
    at end of the year   55,367.7   49,411.5
Opening
    plan assets   50,656.3   45,615.2
Less:
    Adjustments 1   (407.5)   (708.4)
Adjusted
    opening balance   50,248.8   44,906.8
Expected
    return on plan assets   4,100.3   3,761.0
Actuarial
    gain/(loss)   (432.8)   415.0
Employer
    contributions   2,747.6   2,202.0
Employees
    contributions   4,707.4   4,049.0
Assets
    transfer from/to other companies   805.4   546.1
Benefits
    paid   (6,048.6)   (5,223.6)
Closing
    plan assets   56,128.1   50,656.3
Plan
    assets at the end of the year   56,128.1   50,656.3
Present
    value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (55,367.7)   (49,411.5)
Amount
    not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS-15 on ‘employee benefits’) 2   (760.4)   (1,244.8)
Asset/(liability)   ..   ..
Cost 3
Service
    cost   2,747.6   2,202.0
Interest
    cost   3,367.1   2,947.1
Expected
    return on plan assets   (4,100.3)   (3,761.0)
Actuarial
    (gain)/loss   1,465.6   (430.9)
Effect
    of limit in para 59(b) 2   (732.4)   1,244.8
Net
    cost   2,747.6   2,202.0
Actual
    return on plan assets   3,667.5   4,176.0
Expected
    employer's contribution next year   2,965.9   2,357.2
Investment
    details of plan assets
Government
    of India securities   55.20%   53.56%

F-
62

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022

Corporate
    Bonds   34.83%   35.56%
Special
    deposit scheme   0.96%   1.07%
Others   9.01%   9.81%
Assumptions
Discount
    rate   7.35%-7.40%   6.00%-6.85%
Expected
    rate of return on assets   7.97%-8.76%   7.54%-8.25%
Discount
    rate for the remaining term to maturity of investments   7.40%-7.60%   6.75%-7.15%
Average
    historic yield on the investment   8.01%-8.96%   8.25%-8.87%
Guaranteed
    rate of return   8.15%-8.15%   8.10%-8.10%

1.
  a. During the year ended March 31, 2023, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited realised and transferred assets and liabilities of Employee
Provident Fund Trust to Central Provident Fund.

b.
During the year ended March 31, 2022, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited realised and transferred assets and liabilities
of Employee Provident Fund Trust to Central Provident Fund.

2.
 Pursuant to revised Guidance Note 29 on “Valuation of Interest Rate Guarantees on Exempt Provident Funds under AS 15 (Revised)”
issued by ‘Institute of Actuaries of India’ on February 16, 2022, plan assets held by PF Trust have been fair valued. The
amount represents the fair value gain on plan assets.

3.
Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule 16- Operating expenses.

Experience
adjustment

Rs.
in million

Particulars   Year ended
March 31,
2023   Year ended
March 31,
2022   Year ended
March 31,
2021   Year ended March 31,
2020   Year ended March 31,
2019
Plan
    assets   56,128.1   50,656.3   45,615.2   38,682.6   33,282.4
Defined
    benefit obligations   (55,367.7)   (49,411.5)   (45,617.9)   (38,703.4)   (33,282.4)
Amount
    not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b)) AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’) 1   (760.4)   (1,244.8)   ..   ..   ..
Surplus/(deficit)   ..   ..   (2.7)   (20.8)   ..
Experience
    adjustment on plan assets   (432.8)   415.1   663.8   (662.0)   13.0
Experience
    adjustment on plan liabilities   753.2   (684.8)   1,703.3   (129.9)   447.4

1.
Pursuant to revised Guidance Note 29 on “Valuation of Interest Rate Guarantees on Exempt Provident Funds under AS 15 (Revised)”
issued by ‘Institute of Actuaries of India’ on February 16, 2022, plan assets held by PF Trust have been fair valued. The
amount represents the fair value gain on plan assets.

The
Group has contributed Rs. 4,344.2 million to provident fund including Government of India managed employees provident fund for the year
ended March 31, 2023 (year ended March 31, 2022: Rs. 4,018.3 million), which includes compulsory contribution made towards employee pension
scheme under Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952.

F-
63

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Superannuation
Fund

The
Group has contributed Rs. 321.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 (year ended March 31, 2022: Rs. 274.0 million) to Superannuation
Fund for employees who had opted for the scheme.

National
Pension Scheme (NPS)

The
Group has contributed Rs. 361.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 (year ended March 31, 2022: Rs. 291.8 million) to NPS for employees
who had opted for the scheme.

Compensated
absence

The following
table sets forth, for the periods indicated, cost for compensated absence.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   Year
    ended March 31, 2023   Year
    ended March 31, 2022
Total
    actuarial liability   3,629.6   3,616.9
Cost 1   884.9   874.9
Assumptions
Discount
    rate   7.30%-7.55%   5.80%-7.30%
Salary
    escalation rate   7.00%-10.00%   7.00%-10.00%

1.   Included
                                            in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of schedule- 16 Operating
                                            expenses.

8.   Provision
for income tax

The
provision for income tax (including deferred tax) for the year ended March 31, 2023 amounted to Rs. 117,934.4 million (year ended March
31, 2022: Rs. 84,574.4 million).

The
Group has a comprehensive system of maintenance of information and documents required by transfer pricing legislation under sections
92-92F of the Income Tax Act, 1961. The management is of the opinion that all transactions with international related parties and specified
transactions with domestic related parties are primarily at arm's length so that the above legislation does not have material impact
on the financial statements.

9.   Deferred
tax

At
March 31, 2023, the Group has recorded net deferred tax asset of Rs. 76,194.4 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 79,484.8 million), which has
been included in other assets.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the break-up of deferred tax assets and liabilities into major items.

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   At  March
    31,2023   At  March
    31,2022
Deferred
    tax assets
Provision
    for bad and doubtful debts   104,780.1   105,637.7
Provision
    for operating expenses   4,026.9   ..
Others   11,096.4   11,024.8
Total
    deferred tax assets   119,903.4   116,662.5

F-
64

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Particulars   At  March
    31,2023   At  March
    31,2022

Deferred
    tax liabilities
Special
    reserve deduction   37,695.4   31,118.6
Foreign
    currency translation reserve 1   615.0   1,245.6
Mark-to-market
    gains 1   490.0   278.6
Depreciation
    on fixed assets   4,476.7   4,093.8
Interest
    on refund of taxes 1   206.2   168.4
Others   225.7   272.7
Total
    deferred tax liabilities   43,709.0   37,177.7
Total
    net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)   76,194.4   79,484.8

1.   These
items are considered in accordance with the requirements of Income Computation and Disclosure Standards (ICDS).

10.   Information
about business and geographical segments

A.   Business
Segments

Pursuant
to the guidelines issued by RBI on AS 17 – Segment Reporting, the following business segments of the Group have been reported

i.   Retail
banking includes exposures of the Bank which satisfy the four criteria of orientation, product, granularity and low value of individual
exposures for retail exposures laid down in Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) document “International Convergence of
Capital Measurement and Capital Standards: A Revised Framework”. This segment also includes income from credit cards, debit cards,
third party product distribution and the associated costs.

ii.   Wholesale
banking includes all advances to trusts, partnership firms, companies and statutory bodies, by the Bank which are not included under
Retail banking.

iii.   Treasury primarily includes the entire investment and derivative portfolio of the Bank

iv.   Other
banking includes leasing operations and other items not attributable to any particular business segment of the Bank. Further, it
includes the Bank’s banking subsidiaries i.e. ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank Canada.

v.   Life
insurance represents results of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

vi.   Others includes ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited, ICICI International Limited, ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., ICICI Securities Inc., ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited, ICICI Prudential Trust Limited, ICICI Investment Management Company Limited, ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited and
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited.

vii.   Unallocated includes items such as tax paid in advance, net of provision, deferred tax and provisions to the extent reckoned at the entity level.

F-
65

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Income,
expenses, assets and liabilities are either specifically identified with individual segments or are allocated to segments on a systematic
basis.

All
liabilities of the Bank are transfer priced to a central treasury unit, which pools all funds and lends to the business units at appropriate
rates based on the relevant maturity of assets being funded after adjusting for regulatory reserve requirements.

The
transfer pricing mechanism of the Bank is periodically reviewed. The segment results are determined based on the transfer pricing mechanism
prevailing for the respective reporting periods.

F-
66

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The
following table sets forth, the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rs.
    in million
Sr.
    no.   Particulars   Retail
    banking   Wholesale
    banking   Treasury   Other
    banking business   Life
    insurance   Others   Inter-
    segment adjustments   Total
1   Revenue   1,037,753.4   506,148.5   845,369.2   44,640.0   479,301.7   97,259.8   (1,148,684.6)   1,861,788.0
2   Segment
    results 1   175,336.8   157,857.8   140,372.1   10,014.5   8,968.9   42,023.7   (15,509.2)   519,064.6
3   Unallocated
    expenses   56,500.0
4   Share
    of profit from associates   9,982.9
5   Operating
    profit (2) – (3)+(4) 1   472,547.5
6   Income
    tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   117,934.4
7   Net
profit 2 (5)
– (6)   354,613.1
Other
    information
8   Segment
    assets   6,039,593.7   4,328,743.5   5,129,405.0   836,960.5   2,556,899.0   711,348.4   (114,612.3)   19,488,337.8
9   Unallocated
    assets   96,567.2
10   Total
assets (8)
+ (9)   19,584,905.0
11   Segment
    liabilities   8,913,545.4   3,472,764.9   3,344,275.6 3   564,779.6 3   2,558,472.0 3   714,679.8 3   (114,612.3) 3   19,453,905.0
12   Unallocated
    liabilities   131,000.0
13   Total
liabilities (11)
+ (12)   19,584,905.0
14   Capital
    expenditure   11,682.9   5,251.8   610.6   455.2   1,357.0   1,884.8   ..   21,242.3
15   Depreciation   9,274.5   3,427.2   335.8   405.2   835.1   884.2   (16.4)   15,145.6

1.   Profit
before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes
share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes
share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
67

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The following
table sets forth, the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2022.

Rs.
    in million
Sr.
    no.   Particulars   Retail
    banking   Wholesale
    banking   Treasury   Other
    banking business   Life
    insurance   Others   Inter-
    segment adjustments   Total
1   Revenue   846,392.2   399,714.9   673,210.9   27,784.1   453,402.4   87,332.5   (912,473.8)   1,575,363.2
2   Segment
    results 1   114,003.9   90,529.3   96,744.8   6,271.2   7,905.6   43,499.9   (16,792.0)   342,162.7
3   Unallocated
    expenses   (250.0)
4   Share
    of profit from associates   7,544.3
5   Operating
    profit (2) – (3)+(4) 1   349,957.0
6   Income
    tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   84,574.4
7   Net
profit 2 (5)
– (6)   265,382.6
Other
    information
8   Segment
    assets   4,876,519.3   3,790,918.0   5,218,960.9   682,866.9   2,440,064.2   516,534.8   (105,216.9)   17,420,647.2
9   Unallocated
    assets   105,726.6
10   Total
assets (8)
+ (9)   17,526,373.8
11   Segment
    liabilities   7,918,942.5   3,213,907.0   2,933,413.9 3   541,143.1 3   2,441,543.2 3   520,286.4 3   (105,216.9) 3   17,464,019.2
12   Unallocated
    liabilities   62,354.6
13   Total
liabilities (11)
+ (12)   17,526,373.8
14   Capital
    expenditure   9,901.7   4,453.3   623.1   345.7   732.3   943.8   ..   16,999.9
15   Depreciation   8,068.8   3,130.8   399.6   321.9   669.1   726.3   (16.4)   13,300.1

1.   Profit
before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes
share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes
share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
68

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

B.
Geographical segments

The
Group reports its operations under the following geographical segments.

●   Domestic
                                            operations comprise branches and subsidiaries/joint ventures in India.

●   Foreign
                                            operations comprise branches and subsidiaries/joint ventures outside India and offshore
                                            banking units in India.

The
Group conducts transactions with its customers on a global basis in accordance with their business requirements, which may span across
various geographies.

The
following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the geographical segment results.

Rs.
    in million
Revenue   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year
ended March
31, 2022
Domestic
    operations 1   1,819,445.3   1,550,493.6
Foreign
    operations   52,325.6   32,413.9
Total   1,871,770.9   1,582,907.5

1.   Includes
share of profit from associates of Rs. 9,982.9 million (March 31, 2022: Rs.7,544.3 million).

Rs.
    in million
Assets   At March 31, 2023   At March 31, 2022
Domestic
    operations   18,242,212.3   16,060,154.4
Foreign
    operations   1,246,125.5   1,360,492.8
Total   19,488,337.8   17,420,647.2

Note:
Segment assets do not include tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net) and deferred tax assets (net).

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, capital expenditure and depreciation thereon for the geographical segments.

Rs.
    in million
Capital
    expenditure incurred during the   Depreciation
    provided during the
Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Domestic
    operations   20,914.1   16,765.8   14,867.2   13,012.5
Foreign
    operations   328.2   234.1   278.4   287.6
Total   21,242.3   16,999.9   15,145.6   13,300.1

11.

Penalties/fines imposed by banking regulatory bodies

There
was no penalty imposed by RBI and other overseas banking regulatory bodies during the year ended March 31, 2023 (year ended March 31,
2022: Rs. 33.0 million).

12.

Additional information to consolidated accounts

Additional
information to consolidated accounts at March 31, 2023 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013)

F-
69

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Name
    of the entity   Net
    assets 1   Share
    in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
Parent
ICICI
    Bank Limited   93.6%   2,007,153.8   93.7%   318,965.0
Subsidiaries
Indian
ICICI
    Securities Primary Dealership Limited   0.7%   15,815.5   0.4%   1,277.8
ICICI
    Securities Limited   1.3%   28,219.2   3.3%   11,334.7
ICICI
    Home Finance Company Limited   1.1%   22,998.6   1.1%   3,653.1
ICICI
    Trusteeship Services Limited   0.0% 2   8.7   0.0% 2   0.1
ICICI
    Investment Management Company Limited   0.0% 2   187.0   (0.0%) 2   (58.7)
ICICI
    Venture Funds Management Company Limited   0.1%   2,473.3   0.0% 2   61.9
ICICI
    Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   4.7%   100,915.8   2.4%   8,106.6
ICICI
    Prudential Trust Limited   0.0% 2   16.9   0.0% 2   2.2
ICICI
    Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   1.0%   21,478.8   4.4%   15,077.0
ICICI
    Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited   0.0% 2   577.5   0.0% 2   28.3
Foreign
ICICI
    Bank UK PLC   1.2%   26,158.3   0.3%   1,045.9
ICICI
    Bank Canada   1.2%   25,256.2   0.8%   2,818.9
ICICI
    International Limited   0.0% 2   122.0   0.0% 2   8.9
ICICI
    Securities Holdings Inc.   0.0% 2   132.7   0.0% 2   2.0
ICICI
    Securities Inc.   0.0% 2   364.8   0.0% 2   58.3
Other
    consolidated entities
Indian
ICICI
    Strategic Investments Fund   0.0% 2   119.4   0.0% 2   3.7
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Minority
    Interests   (3.1%)   (66,867.5)   (4.2%)   (14,246.7)
Associates
Indian
ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   ..   ..   2.4%   8,303.1
I-Process
    Services (India) Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0% 2   37.7
NIIT
    Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited   ..   ..   0.0% 2   3.3

F-
70

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Name
    of the entity   Net
    assets 1   Share
    in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount

ICICI
    Merchant Services Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0% 2   63.0
India
    Infradebt Limited   ..   ..   0.5%   1,560.2
India
    Advantage Fund III   ..   ..   0.0% 2   0.0 2
India
    Advantage Fund IV   ..   ..   (0.0%) 2   (0.2)
Arteria
    Technologies Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0% 2   15.7
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Joint
    Ventures
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Inter-company
    adjustments   (1.8%)   (40,153.1)   (5.1%)   (17,755.4)
TOTAL   100.0%   2,144,977.9   100.0%   340,366.4

1.
Total assets minus total liabilities.

2.
0.0 represents insignificant amount.

Additional
information to consolidated accounts at March 31, 2022 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013)

Rs.
    in million
Name
    of the entity   Net
    assets 1   Share
    in profit or loss
%
    of total net assets   Amount   %
    of total net profit   Amount
Parent
ICICI
    Bank Limited   93.7%   1,705,119.7   92.9%   233,394.9
Subsidiaries
Indian
ICICI
    Securities Primary Dealership Limited   0.9%   15,897.8   1.3%   3,301.6
ICICI
    Securities Limited   1.3%   24,087.2   5.6%   13,948.1
ICICI
    Home Finance Company Limited   0.9%   17,038.1   0.4%   934.4
ICICI
    Trusteeship Services Limited   0.0% 2   8.6   0.0% 2   0.5
ICICI
    Investment Management Company Limited   0.0% 2   95.8   0.0% 2   12.8
ICICI
    Venture Funds Management Company Limited   0.1%   2,461.3   0.0% 2   2.2
ICICI
    Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   5.0%   91,630.6   3.0%   7,541.3
ICICI
    Prudential Trust Limited   0.0% 2   17.7   0.0% 2   3.7
ICICI
    Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   1.0%   18,599.4   5.7%   14,363.4

F-
71

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Rs.
    in million
Name
    of the entity   Net
    assets 1   Share
    in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount

ICICI
    Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited   0.0% 2   549.2   0.0% 2   50.7
Foreign
ICICI
    Bank UK PLC   1.3%   23,940.8   0.3%   812.2
ICICI
    Bank Canada   1.3%   23,436.9   0.7%   1,737.3
ICICI
    International Limited   0.0% 2   104.1   0.0% 2   0.8
ICICI
    Securities Holdings Inc.   0.0% 2   130.8   0.0% 2   0.3
ICICI
    Securities Inc.   0.0% 2   303.8   0.0% 2   30.0
Other
    consolidated entities
Indian
ICICI
    Strategic Investments Fund   0.0% 2   112.1   0.2%   535.9
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Minority
    Interests   (3.3%)   (59,808.9)   (5.7%)   (14,281.6)
Associates
Indian
ICICI
    Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   ..   ..   2.4%   6,106.5
I-Process
    Services (India) Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0% 2   34.3
NIIT
    Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited   ..   ..   0.0% 2   2.3
ICICI
    Merchant Services Private Limited   ..   ..   (0.0%) 2   (4.6)
India
    Infradebt Limited   ..   ..   0.6%   1,396.5
India
    Advantage Fund III   ..   ..   (0.0%) 2   (0.2)
India
    Advantage Fund IV   ..   ..   (0.0%) 2   (2.4)
Arteria
    Technologies Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0% 2   12.0
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Joint
    Ventures
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Inter-company
    adjustments   (2.2%)   (43,200.1)   (7.4%)   (18,831.9)
TOTAL   100.0%   1,820,524.9   100.0%   251,101.0

1.
Total assets minus total liabilities.

2.
Insignificant.

F-
72

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

13.

 Revaluation of fixed assets

The
Bank and its housing finance subsidiary follows the revaluation model for their premises (land and buildings) other than improvements
to leasehold property as per AS 10 – ‘Property, Plant and Equipment’. The Bank had initially revalued its premises
at March 31, 2016 and its housing finance subsidiary revalued its premises at March 31, 2017. In accordance with the policy, annual revaluation
is carried out through external valuers, using methodologies such as direct sales comparison method and income generation method and
the incremental amount has been taken to revaluation reserve. The revalued amount at March 31, 2023 was Rs. 55,500.0 million (March 31,
2022: Rs. 58,090.8 million) as compared to the historical cost less accumulated depreciation of Rs. 24,581.6 million (March 31, 2022:
Rs. 25,805.8 million).

The
revaluation reserve is not available for distribution of dividend.

14.

Proposed dividend on equity shares

The
Board of Directors at its meeting held on April 22, 2023 has recommended a dividend of Rs. 8.00 per equity share for the year ended March
31, 2023 (year ended March 31, 2022: Rs. 5.00 per equity share). The declaration and payment of dividend is subject to requisite approvals.

15.

Divergence in asset classification and provisioning for NPAs

In
terms of the RBI circular no. //DBR.BP.BC.No.32/21.04.018/2018-19 dated April 1, 2019, banks are required to disclose the divergences
in asset classification and provisioning consequent to RBI’s annual supervisory process in their notes to accounts to the financial
statements, wherever either (a) the additional provisioning requirements assessed by RBI exceed 10% of the reported net profits before
provisions and contingencies or (b) the additional gross NPAs identified by RBI exceed 15% of the published incremental gross NPAs for
the reference period, or both. Based on the condition mentioned in RBI circular, no disclosure on divergence in asset classification
and provisioning for NPAs is required with respect to RBI’s supervisory process for the year ended March 31, 2022 and for the year
ended March 31, 2021.

16.

 Disclosure on lending and borrowing activities under Rule 11(e) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014

The
Bank, as part of its normal banking business, grants loans and advances, makes investment, provides guarantees to and accept deposits
and borrowings from its customers, other entities and persons. These transactions are part of Bank’s normal banking business, which
is conducted ensuring adherence to all regulatory requirements.

Other
than the transactions described above, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium
or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Bank and other subsidiaries incorporated in India to or in any other persons or entities,
including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the
Intermediary shall lend or invest in party identified by or on behalf of the Bank and other subsidiaries incorporated in India (Ultimate
Beneficiaries). The Bank and other subsidiaries incorporated in India have also not received any fund from any parties (Funding Party)
with the understanding that the Bank and other subsidiaries incorporated in India shall whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest
in other persons or entities identified by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee,
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

F-
73

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

17.

 Other disclosures

Additional
statutory information disclosed in the separate financial statements of the Bank and subsidiaries having no material bearing on the true
and fair view on the consolidated financial statements and the information pertaining to the items which are not material have not been
disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.

18.

Comparative figures

Figures
of the previous year have been re-grouped to conform to the current year presentation.

F-
74

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

B. Additional Notes

1.

Reserves

Statutory reserve:
Represents reserve
created as a percentage of the net profit before any other appropriation as required by the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. Every banking
company in India is currently required to transfer not less than 25% of the net profit (before appropriations) to the statutory
reserve.

Special reserve:
Represents reserve maintained
under the Income Tax Act, 1961 to avail tax benefits.

Securities premium:
 Represents amount
of premium received on issue of share capital, net of expenses incurred on issue of shares.

Investment reserve account:
Represents
provision for depreciation on available for sale and held for trading securities in excess of required amount which is credited to profit
and loss account and appropriated to this reserve, net of tax and transfer to statutory reserve.

Investment fluctuation reserve:
Represents
appropriation of net gains on sale of securities classified as available for sale and held for trading, or net profit after mandatory
appropriations to other reserves, whichever is lower, until the amount of this reserve is at least 2% of held for trading and available
for sale portfolio. Balance in investment fluctuation reserve in excess of 2% of held for trading and available for sale portfolio can
be drawn down and transferred to balance in profit and loss account.

Unrealized investment reserve:
Represents
unrealized gains/losses on investments of consolidated venture capital funds.

Capital reserve:
Represents amount of
gains on sale of securities classified as held to maturity and gains on sale of land and building, net of tax and transfer to statutory
reserve.

Capital redemption reserve:
Represents
appropriations made from the surplus profit available for previous years on redemption of preference shares by the Bank, as required
under the Companies Act, 2013.

Foreign currency translation reserve:
Represents
cumulative exchange differences arising from translation of financial statements of non-integral foreign operations.

Revaluation reserve:
Represents reserve
on revaluation of premises carried out by the Group.

Revenue and other reserves:
Represents
reserves other than capital reserves and those separately classified.

Balance
in profit and loss account:
Represents the balance of profit after appropriations.

F-
75

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

2.

Deposits

Deposits include current account
deposits, which are non-interest bearing, savings account deposits and time deposits, which are interest bearing.

The following table sets forth
the residual contractual maturities of time deposits at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million
Deposits maturing during the year ending March 31,
2024   4,341,122.6
2025   1,386,451.5
2026   441,407.8
2027   184,018.5
2028   187,887.7
Thereafter   60,806.7
Total
    time deposits   6,601,694.8

At March 31, 2023, the aggregate
of time deposits with individual balances greater than Rs. 5.0 million was Rs. 3,270,106.4 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 2,789,181.9 million).

3.

Long-term debt

Long-term debt represents
debt with an original contractual maturity of greater than one year. Maturity distribution is based on contractual maturity or the date
at which the debt is callable at the option of the holder, whichever is earlier. A portion of the long-term debt bears a fixed rate of
interest. Interest rates on floating-rate debt are generally linked to the London Inter-Bank Offer Rate, Secured Overnight Financing
Rate or similar money market rates. The segregation between fixed-rate and floating-rate obligations is based on the contractual terms.

The following table sets forth
a listing of long-term debt at March 31, 2023, by maturity and interest rate profile.

Rupees in million

Fixed-rate obligations   Floating-rate obligations   Total
Long-term debt maturing during the year ending March 31,
2024   313,820.4   22,214.2   336,034.6
2025   225,366.0   24,440.8   249,806.8
2026   206,474.9   15,636.2   222,111.1
2027   106,183.3   20,837.9   127,021.2
2028   76,034.4   16,281.5   92,315.9
Thereafter   279,234.5   6,903.5   286,138.0
Total   1,207,113.5   106,314.1   1,313,427.6
Less: Unamortized debt issue costs   (1,031.1   )
Total   1,312,396.5

Long-term debt is denominated
in various currencies. At March 31, 2023, long-term debt comprises Indian rupee debt of Rs. 1,021,393.3 million (March 31, 2022: Rs.
832,170.3 million) and foreign currency debt of Rs. 291,003.2 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 365,027.8 million).

F-
76

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Indian rupee debt

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of major categories of Indian rupee debt.

Rupees in million

Category   At March 31, 2023
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in
                                            years)
Bonds issued to institutional/individual investors   611,519.7   7.7%   5.1% to
                                            14.1%   4.4
Refinance from financial institutions   337,330.8   5.9%   2.8% to 8.4%   1.2
Borrowings from other banks   40,505.5   8.1%   7.7% to 9.0%   6.2
Fixed deposits   32,037.3   6.9%   5.1% to 8.8%   2.9
Total   1,021,393.3   7.1 %   3.4

Rupees in million

Category   At March 31, 2022
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in
                                            years)
Bonds issued to institutional/individual investors   591,019.1   8.0%   4.9% to
                                            14.2%   4.6
Refinance from financial institutions   198,265.0   4.7%   2.8% to 8.4%   1.9
Borrowings from other banks   13,846.2   7.0%   5.5% to 7.4%   3.8
Fixed deposits   29,040.0   7.0%   3.9% to 8.8%   2.8
Total   832,170.3   7.1%   3.9

Foreign currency debt

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of major categories of foreign currency debt.

Rupees in million

Category   At March 31, 2023
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted
                                            average residual maturity (in
                                            years)
Bonds   139,381.7   4.2%   3.6% to
                                            6.4%   3.1
Other borrowings   151,621.5   2.4%   0.0% to 6.6%   2.6
Total   291,003.2   3.3%   2.8

F-
77

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million

Category   At March 31, 2022
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted
                                            average residual maturity (in
                                            years)
Bonds   187,034.1   3.6%   0.5% to
                                            5.4%   3.0
Other borrowings   177,993.7   1.9%   0.0% to 10.4%   2.8
Total   365,027.8   2.8%   2.9

See note on “Schedule
18B-Additional note-19 Selected information from Indian GAAP financials” for assets pledged as securities for borrowings.

4.

Cash and cash equivalents

Banks in India are required
to maintain with Reserve Bank of India, average daily balance of 4.5% of their net demand and time liabilities by way of cash reserve,
for a fortnight period. The banks are allowed to maintain minimum cash reserve of not less than 90% of the required cash reserve on all
days during the reporting fortnight, in such a manner that the average of cash reserve maintained daily shall not be less than the requirement
prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India.

The Bank’s minimum cash
reserve requirements for the fortnight period of March 31, 2023 were Rs. 513,102.5 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 407,243.4 million) which
are subject to withdrawal and usage restrictions. Deposits maintained with the Reserve Bank of India were Rs. 480,251.3 million at March
31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: Rs. 530,008.6 million) towards the minimum cash reserve requirements.

Deposits with other banks
include Rs. 65,115.4 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 54,309.7 million) in deposits, which have original maturities greater than 90 days.

5.

Investments

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as held to maturity.

Rupees in million

At
                                            March 31, 2023   At
                                            March 31, 2022
Amortized
                                            cost/cost   Gross
                                            unrealized gain   Gross
                                            unrealized loss   Fair
                                            value   Amortized
                                            cost/cost   Gross
                                            unrealized gain   Gross
                                            unrealized loss   Fair
                                            value
Held to maturity
Corporate debt securities   215,081.7   2,161.4   (4,373.0   )   212,870.1   177,005.2   5,488.1   (821.1   )   181,672.1
Government securities   3,139,362.1   12,022.6   (47,847.6   )   3,103,537.1   2,546,164.0   41,635.4   (23,863.5   )   2,563,935.9
Other debt securities 1   7,800.4   ..   ..   7,800.4   3,938.9   ..   ..   3,938.9
Total debt securities   3,362,244.2   14,184.0   (52,220.6   )   3,324,207.6   2,727,108.1   47,123.5   (24,684.6   )   2,749,546.9
Equity shares 2   50,905.5   228,560.2   ..   279,465.7   45,464.5   287,016.9   ..   332,481.4
Other securities   4,937.8   2,529.5   (81.0   )   7,386.2   5,023.3   2,460.6   (24.6   )   7,459.3
Total   3,418,087.5   245,273.7   (52,301.6   )   3,611,059.5   2,777,595.9   336,601.0   (24,709.2   )   3,089,487.6

1.   Includes
                                            certificate of deposit and commercial paper.

2.   Interest
                                            accrued on held-to-maturity securities amounted to Rs. 55,568.5 million at March 31, 2023
                                            (March 31, 2022: Rs. 44,340.7 million).

F-
78

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million

At March
    31, 2023   At March
    31, 2022
Amortized
    cost/cost   Gross unrealized
    gain   Gross unrealized
    loss   Fair value   Amortized
    cost/cost   Gross unrealized
    gain   Gross unrealized
    loss   Fair value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   217,228.0   1,081.8   (2,100.0   )   216,209.8   167,879.7   5,362.0   (742.9   )   172,498.8
Government securities   624,808.4   1,146.7   (1,571.4   )   624,383.7   615,555.5   1,970.2   (1,773.3   )   615,752.6
Other debt securities 1   126,326.0   1,202.5   (619.3   )   126,909.2   113,652.3   1,318.0   (682.2   )   114,288.1
Total debt securities   968,362.4   3,431.0   (4,290.7   )   967,502.7   897,087.5   8,650.2   (3,198.4   )   902,539.5
Equity shares   123,670.2   67,841.2   (13,965.5   )   177,545.9   124,059.9   65,347.6   (14,584.0   )   174,823.4
Other securities   39,049.5   6,186.1   (7,171.2   )   38,064.4   43,993.6   6,343.7   (5,734.0   )   44,603.4
Total   1,131,082.1   77,458.3   (25,427.4   )   1,183,113.1   1,065,141.0   80,341.5   (23,516.4   )   1,121,96 6.3

1.   Includes pass through certificates, certificate
                                            of deposit, commercial paper and banker's acceptance.

2.   Interest accrued on available for sale securities
                                            amounted to Rs. 12,702.5 million at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: Rs. 12,545.8 million).

Income from securities
available for sale

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of income from securities classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Interest   56,073.0   41,719.0   48,297.5
Dividend   2,320.7   1,023.4   1,719.5
Total   58,393.7   42,742.4   50,017.0
Gross realized gain   19,961.4   22,227.6   73,793.0
Gross realized loss.   (7,090.2   )   (1,772.1   )   (10,817.4   )
Total   12,871.2   20,455.5   62,975.6

Income from securities
held for trading

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of income from securities classified as held for trading.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Interest and dividend   16,416.4   11,713.9   14,954.8
Realized gain/(loss) on sale of trading portfolio   958.8   (648.7   )   5,749.2
Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio   133.8   1,952.6   340.7
Total   17,509.0   13,017.8   21,044.7

F-
79

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Maturity profile of debt
securities

The following table sets forth
a listing of each category of held to maturity debt securities at March 31, 2023, by maturity.

Rupees in million

Amortized
                                            cost   Fair
                                            value
Corporate debt securities
Less than one year   16,706.2   16,653.1
One to five years   71,085.5   70,693.8
Five to ten years   81,969.1   81,147.2
Greater than ten years   45,320.9   44,376.0
Total corporate debt securities   215,081.7   212,870.1
Government securities
Less than one year   54,073.0   54,510.7
One to five years   988,104.5   977,452.6
Five to ten years   1,074,454.5   1,069,492.7
Greater than ten years   1,022,730.1   1,002,081.1
Total government securities   3,139,362.1   3,103,537.1
Other debt securities
Less than one year   7,800.4   7,800.4
One to five years   ..   ..
Five to ten years   ..   ..
Greater than ten years   ..   ..
Total other debt securities   7,800.4   7,800.4
Total debt securities classified as held to maturity   3,362,244.2   3,324,207.6

The following table sets forth
a listing of each category of available for sale debt securities at March 31, 2023, by maturity.

Rupees in million

Amortized
                                            cost   Fair
                                            value
Corporate debt securities
Less than one year   64,352.2   64,045.6
One to five years   129,630.7   129,248.9
Five to ten years   22,722.1   22,522.6
Greater than ten years   523.0   392.7
Total corporate debt securities   217,228.0   216,209.8
Government securities
Less than one year   337,871.8   337,498.9
One to five years   162,837.4   162,500.2
Five to ten years   16,929.4   16,958.1
Greater than ten years   107,169.8   107,426.5
Total Government securities   624,808.4   624,383.7
Other debt securities
Less than one year   66,047.6   66,280.7
One to five years   43,722.8   43,978.3
Five to ten years   8,046.0   8,004.0
Greater than ten years   8,509.6   8,646.2
Total other debt securities   126,326.0   126,909.2
Total debt securities classified as available for sale   968,362.4   967,502.7

F-
80

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Credit rating profile of
held-to-maturity debt securities

The Group considers credit
rating as credit quality indicators for the held-to-maturity debt securities. The credit rating of debt securities is issued by external
credit rating agencies.

The following table sets forth,
held-to-maturity debt securities by external credit rating at March 31, 2023:

Rupees in million

AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Below investment grade   Unrated   Total
Corporate debt securities   195,528.8   ..   17,339.7   2,213.2   ..   215,081.7
Government securities   3,139,362.1   ..   ..   ..   ..   3,139,362.1
Other debt securities   7,800.4   ..   ..   ..   ..   7,800.4
Total Debt securities   3,342,691.3   ..   17,339.7   2,213.2   ..   3,362,244.2

The following table sets forth,
held-to-maturity debt securities by external credit rating at March 31, 2022:

Rupees in million

AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Below investment grade   Unrated   Total
Corporate debt securities   161,685.4   198.6   12,071.6   3,049.6   ..   177,005.2
Government securities   2,546,164.0   ..   ..   ..   ..   2,546,164.0
Other debt securities   3,938.9   ..   ..   ..   ..   3,938.9
Total Debt securities   2,711,788.3   198.6   12,071.6   3,049.6   ..   2,727,108.1

There were no held-to-maturity debt securities
that were past due (30 days overdue) at year ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. There were no-held-to-maturity debt securities
that were overdue for more than 90 days and still accruing at the year ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022.

6.

Repurchase transactions

The Group undertakes repurchase
and reverse repurchase transactions of Government securities and corporate bonds during the year. These transactions are generally of
a very short tenure and are undertaken with the Reserve Bank of India, banks and other financial institutions as counterparties.

At March 31, 2023, outstanding
borrowings under repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility, Marginal Standing Facility and Standing liquidity facility
offered by the Reserve Bank of India amounted to Rs. 258,992.9 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 126,911.1 million) and the outstanding lendings
under reverse repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility and Marginal Standing Facility amounted to Rs. 59,652.4
million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 521,508.1 million).

During fiscal 2023, average
borrowings under repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility, Marginal Standing Facility and Standing liquidity facility
amounted to Rs. 286,800.5 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 212,852.2 million) and average lendings under reverse repurchase transactions
including Liquidity Adjustment Facility and Marginal Standing Facility amounted to Rs. 175,385.7 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 411,776.6
million).

F-
81

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

7.

Loans

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, a listing of loans by category.

Rupees in million

At March 31,
2023   2022
Commercial loans   4,625,018.9   3,962,140.8
Term loans   2,058,261.1   1,852,029.2
Working capital facilities 1   2,566,757.8   2,110,111.6
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   6,469,885.0   5,512,549.6
Mortgage loans   3,717,546.2   3,301,415.5
Other secured loans   1,422,524.2   1,287,985.6
Credit card receivables   384,163.8   254,739.8
Other unsecured loans   945,650.8   668,408.7
Lease financing 2   50.2   416.5
Total gross advances   11,094,954.1   9,475,106.8
Provision for loan losses 3   (256,291.0   )   (272,025.4   )
Total net advances   10,838,663.1   9,203,081.4

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and
                                            loans repayable on demand.

2.   Lease financing activity includes leasing and hire purchase.

3.   Excludes provision on performing loans.

Commercial loans

Commercial loans include term
loans and working capital facilities extended to corporate and other business entities.

Each commercial loan undergoes
a detailed credit review process in accordance with the Bank’s credit policy. After disbursement, commercial loans are individually
monitored and reviewed for any possible deterioration in the borrower’s ability to repay the loan. Term loans are typically secured
by a first lien on the borrower’s fixed assets, which normally consist of property, plants and equipment. Working capital facilities,
which include bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand, are typically secured by a first
lien on the borrower’s current assets, which normally consist of inventory and receivables. Commercial loans also include programme-based
loans extended to small and medium enterprises such as proprietorship firms, partnership firms and private limited companies.

The overall economic conditions
affecting businesses impact the Bank’s commercial loan portfolio. A prolonged slowdown in the Indian economy and significant movement
in commodity prices could adversely affect borrowers’ abilities to repay loans. In light of increasing international trade linkages,
borrowers’ abilities to repay loans may also be negatively affected by adverse economic developments in the United States and other
major economies. Unfavorable exchange rate movements may also increase borrowers’ debt burden and adversely affect their abilities
to repay loans.

Borrowers’ ability to
repay project finance term loans depends on the viability of the project financed which, in turn, depends on the timeliness of the project’s
completion, the stability of government policies and changes in market demand.

Consumer loans

The Bank’s consumer
loan portfolio includes both secured loans and unsecured loans. Secured consumer loans constitute a significant majority of the Bank’s
total consumer loan portfolio. Though the loans in the Bank’s secured loan portfolio are secured by first and exclusive liens on
the assets financed, recoveries in case of default may be subject of delays up to several years, due to the protracted legal process
in India. To mitigate risk, the Bank obtains direct debit mandates or post-dated checks with pre-specified dates for repayment of consumer
installment loans.

Secured consumer loan portfolio

The Bank’s secured loan
portfolio consists of mortgage loans, automobile loans, commercial vehicle loans, jewel loans, farm equipment loans, kisan (farmer) credit
cards and other secured loans.

F-
82

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Bank’s mortgage
loan portfolio includes home loans made to individuals and business entities and loan against mortgage of property for any business or
personal requirement. Typically, mortgage loans are secured by first and exclusive liens on the financed properties. Borrower default
risk is mitigated by rigorous credit review procedures. The Bank’s mortgage loan portfolio risk is driven primarily by interest
rate movement, the loan-to-value ratios of the loans in the portfolio changes in property price, the nature of the borrowers’ employment
(e.g., salaried or self-employed) and the borrowers’ income levels.

The Bank’s automobile
loan and commercial vehicle loan portfolios are also secured by first liens on the assets financed by the loans. Major factors affecting
the performance of the automobile loan portfolio include the nature of the borrowers’ employment, the borrowers’ income levels,
the loan-to-value ratios of the loans in the portfolio and the nature of use of the financed vehicles. The Bank’s commercial vehicle
loan portfolio risk is largely driven by borrowers’ characteristics, rate of economic activity and fuel price.

The Bank extends kisan (farmer)
credit card facility to farmers for meeting their cost of cultivation and other ancillary expenses. These loans are secured by hypothecation
of crops and mortgage of the agricultural land. Unfavorable monsoon, natural calamities and announcement of farm loan waiver by state
governments are among the key risk drivers of kisan (farmer) credit card portfolio.

The Bank provides jewel loans
against gold ornaments and gold coins. Key risks include volatility in gold price and authenticity (purity and weight) of the jewels.

Borrowers’ abilities
to repay farm equipment loans generally depend on the agriculture sector in India which, in turn, may depend on the monsoons.

Unsecured consumer loan portfolio

The Bank’s unsecured
loan portfolio includes personal loans, credit cards and other unsecured loans. General economic conditions and other factors such as
changes in unemployment rates, economic growth rates and borrowers’ income levels impact this portfolio.

Standard restructured loans

A loan is classified as restructuring,
where a concessionary modification such as changes in repayment period, principal amount, repayment installment and rate of interest
has been made by the Group, and downgraded to non-performing. The restructuring of loans in the event of a natural calamity, restructuring
involving deferment of date of commencement of commercial operations for projects under implementation and restructuring for certain
medium and small medium enterprises continue to be classified as standard restructured loans. Further, the Reserve Bank of India through
its guideline on ‘Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress’ dated August 6, 2020, provided a prudential framework
to implement a resolution plan in respect of eligible borrowers and personal loans, while classifying such exposures as standard, subject
to specified conditions.

The loan accounts subjected
to restructuring by the Bank are upgraded to the standard category from standard restructured category if the borrower has demonstrated,
over a minimum period of one year, the ability to repay the loan in accordance with the contractual terms and the borrower has been reinstated
to a normal level of general provisions for standard loans/risk weights for capital adequacy computations. The period of one year is
from the commencement of the first payment of principal or interest whichever was later on the credit facility with the longest period
of moratorium under the restructured terms. The restructured loans, classified as non-performing, can be upgraded only after satisfactory
performance during the ‘specified period’, that is, the date by which at least a certain percentage of the outstanding principal
debt as per the resolution plan and interest capitalization sanctioned as part of the restructuring, if any, is repaid or one year from
the commencement of the first payment of interest or principal on the credit facility with the longest period of moratorium under the
terms of the resolution plan, whichever is later. Further, large restructured accounts (accounts where the aggregate exposure of lenders
is Rs. 1.00 billion and above) qualify for an upgrade if in addition to demonstration of satisfactory payment performance as mentioned
above, the loan is rated at investment grade (BBB- equivalent or better) at the end of the ‘specified period’ by credit rating
agencies accredited by the Reserve Bank of India.

F-
83

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

At March 31, 2023, the Group
had committed to lend (including non-fund based facilities) Rs. 970.0 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1,378.3 million) to borrowers who
are parties to standard restructurings.

The following table sets forth,
for the dates indicated, a listing of standard restructured loans.

Rupees in million

At March 31,
2023   2022
Commercial loans
Term loans   6,946.3   21,640.6
Working capital facilities   2,016.3   4,328.6
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   32,993.9   46,241.6
Other secured loans   9,507.2   18,734.2
Credit card receivables   69.7   27.4
Other unsecured loans   980.6   2,293.5
Lease financing   ..   ..
Total gross restructured loans 2   52,514.0   93,265.9
Provision for loan losses 3   (1,778.6   )   (2,914.3   )
Total net restructured loans   50,735.4   90,351.6

1.   Represents entire borrower level outstanding of the restructured accounts.

2.   At March 31, 2023, includes loans amounting
                                            to Rs. 35,864.6 million restructured under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on ‘Resolution
                                            Framework for COVID-19-related Stress’ dated August 6, 2020. and May 05, 2021 (March
                                            31, 2022: loans amounting to Rs. 58,297.3 million)

3.   Represents provision due to diminution in
                                            the fair value of restructured/rescheduled loans in accordance with the applicable RBI guidelines.

In addition, the Bank holds
general provision amounting to Rs. 12,824.9 million at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: Rs. 23,562.1 million) on these restructured accounts.

Non-performing loans

The Bank classifies all credit
exposures at a borrower level, including overdues arising from crystallized derivative contracts, into performing and non-performing
loans as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, an asset is generally classified as non-performing
if any amount of interest or principal remains overdue for more than 90 days (360 days for direct agriculture loans), in respect of term
loans. In respect of overdraft or cash credit, an asset is classified as non-performing if the account remains out of order for a period
of 90 days. An account is treated as ‘out of order’ if the outstanding balance remains continuously in excess of the sanctioned
limit/drawing power for 90 days or where there are no credits continuously for 90 days or credits are not enough to cover the interest
debited during the preceding 90 day period. In respect of bills, an asset is classified as non-performing if the account remains overdue
for more than 90 days. The Bank also identifies non-performing loans based on a review of accounts selected on the basis of certain criteria,
by evaluating additional information (other than that relating to the payment record). Advances held at the overseas branches that are
identified as impaired as per host country regulations but which are standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are
identified as non-performing to the extent of amount outstanding in the host country. In case of the Bank’s housing finance subsidiary,
loans and other credit facilities are classified into performing and non-performing loans as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Further,
non-performing loans are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated by Reserve Bank of India.
Loans in the Bank’s United Kingdom subsidiary are classified as impaired if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result
of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the loan (a loss event) and that loss event (or events) has an impact
on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. Loans in the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary are considered
credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that loan have occurred.

F-
84

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, the nonaccrual status of the loans
for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Loans outstanding
At the beginning of the year   At the end of the year   Loans which are overdue for more than
    90 days but on accrual status   Loans on non-accrual basis on which
    no provision is made   Interest income recognized during the
    year on loans on non-accrual basis
Commercial loans
- Term loans   167,209.3   153,131.1   57.5   ..   3,505.3
- Working capital facilities   65,033.2   56,797.7   ..   ..   1,811.6
Consumer loans
- Mortgage loans   54,559.5   46,243.2   ..   ..   2,425.5
- Other secured loans   44,822.2   40,187.5   35,527.8   ..   825.6
- Credit card receivables   3,864.6   5,836.4   ..   ..   485.2
- Other unsecured loans   10,024.8   10,273.8   ..   ..   471.1
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total gross loans   345,513.6   312,469.7   35,585.3   ..   9,524.3
Provision for loan losses   (269,105.3   )   (254,507.1   )   ..
Total net loans   76,408.3   57,962.6   35,585.3

The following table sets forth,
the nonaccrual status of the loans for the year ended March 31, 2022.

Rupees in million

Loans outstanding
At the beginning of the year   At the end of the year   Loans which are overdue for more than
    90 days but on accrual status   Loans on non-accrual basis on which
    no provision is made   Interest income recognized during the year on loans on non-accrual basis
Commercial loans
- Term loans   199,707.8   167,209.3   ..   ..   2,249.3
- Working capital facilities   84,398.1   65,033.2   ..   ..   816.1
Consumer loans
- Mortgage loans   61,876.0   54,559.5   ..   ..   1,951.5
- Other secured loans   51,517.8   44,822.2   33,269.2   ..   1,353.9
- Credit card receivables   9,905.6   3,864.6   ..   ..   958.3
- Other unsecured loans   19,623.6   10,024.8   ..   ..   826.8
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total gross loans   427,028.9   345,513.6   33,269.2   ..   8,155.9
Provision for loan losses   (327,680.4   )   (269,105.3   )   ..
Total net loans   99,348.5   76,408.3   33,269.2

F-
85

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Provision for loan losses

Provisions are generally made
by the Bank on non-performing loans as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of Reserve Bank
of India. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and a general provision against performing loans.

The housing finance subsidiary
of the Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and general provisions against performing loans as per Reserve Bank
of India requirements.

The Bank’s United Kingdom
subsidiary maintains provision for loan losses at a level that management considers adequate to absorb identified credit related losses
as well as losses that have occurred but are not yet identifiable. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary maintains provision for all financial
assets using expected credit loss model. The expected credit loss for impaired financial assets is computed based on individual assessment
of expected cash flows from such assets. The Bank makes provision on assets that are restructured/rescheduled subject to minimum requirements
as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the movement in the provision for loan losses on standard restructured loans.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   2,914.3   896.6   231.7
Provision for loan losses made for new additions during the year   ..   2,329.7   705.6
Increase/(decrease) of provision for existing loan losses during the year   (328.4   )   (172.8   )   (20.4   )
Reduction/write-back of provision on restructured loans due
                                 to: Upgrade
                                 to standard assets   ..   ..   ..
Downgrade to non-performing
    assets   (807.3   )   (139.2   )   (20.3   )
Provision for loan losses at the end of the year   1,778.6   2,914.3   896.6

 The following table
sets forth the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial
    loans   Consumer
    loans   Total
Term loans   Working capital facilities   Mortgage loans   Other secured loans   Credit card receivables   Other unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   152,200.1   50,822.8   28,852.5   26,173.8   3,119.1   7,937.0   ..   ..   269,105.3
Add: Provisions for loan losses   17,713.5   23,605.3   21,198.2   28,722.4   12,155.9   15,672.9   ..   ..   119,068.2
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (4,428.6)   (4,976.5)   (6,469.7)   (13,525.1)   (7,576.9)   (9,491.5)   ..   ..   (46,468.3)
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (23,041.1)   (22,719.4)   (17,927.4)   (14,651.9)   (2,980.8)   (5,877.5)   ..   ..   (87,198.1)
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing
    loans   142,443.9   46,732.2   25,653.6   26,719.2   4,717.3   8,240.9   ..   ..   254,507.1
B. Aggregate
    provision for loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   4,243.4   1,492.1   7,750.8   2,849.7   18.0   376.8   ..   180,946.8 1   197,677.6
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of
    the year (A) + (B)   146,687.3   48,224.3   33,404.4   29,568.9   4,735.3   8,617.7   ..   180,946.8   452,184.7
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   146,687.3   48,224.3   33,404.4   29,568.9   4,735.3   8,617.7   ..   ..   271,237.9
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   180,946.8   180,946.8
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with
    deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At
                                            March 31, 2023, the Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 131,000.0 million which is included
                                            in the above amount.

F-
86

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets
forth the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2022.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial
    loans   Consumer
    loans
Term loans   Working capital facilities   Mortgage loans   Other secured loans   Credit card receivables   Other unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   173,905.8   72,706.5   25,418.8   32,594.7   8,395.4   14,659.2   ..   ..   327,680.4
Add: Provisions for loan losses   13,677.5   17,842.9   26,440.8   37,637.8   11,240.3   18,452.0   ..   ..   125,291.3
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (20,169.8)   (26,607.9)   (6,709.2)   (23,824.4)   (12,204.7)   (18,485.5)   ..   ..   (108,001.5)
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (15,213.4)   (13,118.7)   (16,297.9)   (20,234.3)   (4,311.9)   (6,688.7)   ..   ..   (75,864.9)
A. Aggregate provision for
    loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing loans   152,200.1   50,822.8   28,852.5   26,173.8   3,119.1   7,937.0   ..   ..   269,105.3
B. Aggregate
    provision for loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   12,295.0   3,379.4   11,943.0   5,561.9   7.1   898.9   ..   118,124.2 1   152,209.5
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of
    the year (A) + (B)   164,495.1   54,202.2   40,795.5   31,735.7   3,126.2   8,835.9   ..   118,124.2   421,314.8
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   164,495.1   54,202.2   40,795.5   31,735.7   3,126.2   8,835.9   ..   ..   303,190.6
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   118,124.2   118,124.2
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with
    deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At
                                            March 31, 2022, the Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 74,500.0 million which is included
                                            in the above amount.

F-
87

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets
forth the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2021.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans
Term loans   Working
                                            capital facilities   Mortgage
                                            loans   Other
                                            secured loans   Credit
                                            card receivables   Other
                                            unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   203,736.5   87,163.8   10,649.9   16,659.1   5,400.0   6,612.2   ..   ..   330,221.5
Add: Provisions for loan losses   24,846.2   33,480.8   20,814.5   25,620.9   14,615.7   17,898.2   ..   ..   137,276.3
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (51,609.7)   (26,571.6)   (4,569.7)   (6,975.2)   (8,907.8)   (7,782.6)   ..   ..   (106,416.6)
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (3,067.2)   (21,366.5)   (1,475.9)   (2,710.1)   (2,712.5)   (2,068.6)   ..   ..   (33,400.8)
A. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the
    year for non-performing loans   173,905.8   72,706.5   25,418.8   32,594.7   8,395.4   14,659.2   ..   ..   327,680.4
B. Aggregate provision for loan losses
    at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   4,376.8   1,638.2   1,476.2   1,061.5   9.9   130.6   ..   114,792.6 1   123,485.8
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year (A) + (B)   178,282.6   74,344.7   26,895.0   33,656.2   8,405.3   14,789.8   ..   114,792.6   451,166.2
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   178,282.6   74,344.7   26,895.0   33,656.2   8,405.3   14,789.8   ..   ..   336,373.6
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   114,792.6   114,792.6
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At March
                                            31, 2021, the Bank held Covid-19 related provisions of Rs. 74,750.0 million which is included
                                            in the above amount.

F-
88

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

While the Group assesses the
incremental specific provisions after taking into consideration the existing specific provision held, the amounts recovered against debts
written off in earlier years and provisions no longer considered necessary in the context of the current status of the borrower are recognized
in the profit and loss account. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary adopted IFRS 9 – Financial instruments from April 1, 2018
and measures impairment loss on all financial assets using expected credit loss model based on a three-stage approach. At March 31, 2023,
the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary classified exposure of Rs. 63,524.7 million as Stage-2 (March 31, 2022: Rs. 13,965.8 million) (financial
assets, that are not credit impaired, but which have experienced significant increase in credit risk since origination), with allowance
for expected credit loss of Rs. 882.7 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 844.7 million) in fiscal 2023. The Stage-2 assets increased primarily
in the mortgage portfolio due to decline in bureau scores of borrowers.

Aging Analysis of Past Due Financing Receivable
- Performing Loans

Any amount due under a credit
facility is considered as ‘past due’ if it remains unpaid for more than 30 days from the due date.

The following table sets forth
the aging analysis of past due performing loans at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Current 1   31 to 60 days   61 to 90 days   Above
                                            90 days 2   Total
                                            past due 3
Commercial loans
Term loans   1,903,035.5   2,014.0   23.0   57.5   2,094.5
Working capital facilities 4   2,504,446.0   4,700.1   814.0   ..   5,514.1
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   3,648,352.9   18,153.0   4,797.1   ..   22,950.1
Other secured loans   1,329,423.0   12,985.6   4,400.3   35,527.8   52,913.7
Credit card receivables   371,590.8   4,583.0   2,153.6   ..   6,736.6
Other unsecured loans   927,359.5   6,011.3   2,006.2   ..   8,017.5
Lease financing   50.2   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   10,684,257.9   48,447.0   14,194.2   35,585.3   98,226.5

1.   Loans up to 30 days past due are considered
                                            current.

2.   Primarily includes crop related agriculture
                                            loans overdue less than 360 days.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding
                                            amount of the facility which has overdues, and not the borrower-level outstanding.

4.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

F-
89

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth
the aging analysis of past due performing loans at March 31, 2022.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Current 1   31 to 60 days   61 to 90 days   Above
                                            90 days 2   Total
                                            past due 3
Commercial loans
Term loans   1,682,801.5   1,307.3   711.0   ..   2,018.3
Working capital facilities 4   2,039,221.3   5,340.1   517.0   ..   5,857.1
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   3,227,102.8   16,270.3   3,482.9   ..   19,753.2
Other secured loans   1,188,144.5   16,887.6   4,862.1   33,269.2   55,018.9
Credit card receivables   247,317.0   2,499.0   1,059.2   ..   3,558.2
Other unsecured loans   653,445.5   3,832.6   1,105.8   ..   4,938.4
Lease financing   416.5   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   9,038,449.1   46,136.9   11,738.0   33,269.2   91,144.1

1.   Loans
                                            up to 30 days past due are considered current.

2.   Primarily
                                            includes crop related agriculture loans overdue less than 360 days.

3.   The
                                            amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and
                                            not the borrower-level outstanding.

4.   Includes
                                            bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

Credit quality indicators of loans

The Group has a comprehensive framework for monitoring
credit quality of its commercial loans based on internal ratings and of its consumer loans based on delinquency status. For the majority
of the portfolio, the credit rating of every borrower/portfolio is reviewed at least annually. For the purpose of disclosure, the Group
has used internal ratings as credit quality indicator for commercial loans, for consumer loans the Group has considered the delinquency
status as a credit quality indicator.

The following table sets forth,
a description of internal rating grades linked to the likelihood of default associated with each rating grade:

Grade   Definition
(I)
    Investment grade   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer moderate to high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
AAA,
    AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
A+,
    A, A-, 3A-C   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer an adequate degree of protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
BBB+,
    BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer moderate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
(II)
    Below investment grade (BB and B, D, 5, 6, 7, 8)   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer inadequate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.

F-
90

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of commercial loans at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Non-revolving loans originated in
Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2020   Fiscal 2019   Prior to 2019   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Rating grades
Investment grade   659,545.2   411,265.7   462,604.6   95,575.0   136,339.4   87,951.8   2,465,344.3   4,318,626.0
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   167,007.1   168,070.2   319,275.2   26,165.5   49,785.4   7,605.0   1,269,312.1   2,007,220.5
A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   273,277.7   146,146.2   96,742.6   40,918.1   41,440.3   37,542.3   554,962.3   1,191,029.5
BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   219,260.4   97,049.3   46,586.8   28,491.4   45,113.7   42,804.5   641,069.9   1,120,376.0
Below investment grade 1   548.8   5,975.2   8,070.9   11,459.8   8,767.6   151,848.9   70,927.4   257,598.6
Unrated   2,228.4   1,992.3   1,069.6   93.4   83.1   128.4   43,249.3   48,844.5
Total Gross loans   662,322.4   419,233.2   471,745.1   107,128.2   145,190.1   239,929.1   2,579,521.0   4,625,069.1
Provisions   (27.6)   (667.0)   (3,628.2)   (5,375.1)   (4,403.0)   (132,731.6)   (44,127.5)   (190,960.0)
Total net loans   662,294.8   418,566.2   468,116.9   101,753.1   140,787.1   107,197.5   2,535,393.5   4,434,109.1

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand loans.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of commercial loans at March 31, 2022.

Rupees in million

Non-revolving loans originated in
Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2020   Fiscal 2019   Fiscal 2018   Prior to 2018   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Rating grades   672,031.5   570,041.2   151,973.3   194,197.7   67,039.7   72,478.3   1,877,515.5   3,605,277.3
Investment grade
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   280,749.6   336,997.1   28,189.3   54,997.2   6,943.5   3,685.2   515,614.9   1,227,176.8
A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   226,803.1   145,059.2   66,245.9   64,168.6   27,224.7   33,746.8   848,088.0   1,411,336.3
BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   164,478.8   87,984.9   57,538.2   75,031.9   32,871.6   35,046.2   513,812.6   966,764.2
Below investment grade 1   7,747.0   10,438.0   11,542.4   11,838.9   48,185.2   143,975.9   87,711.4   321,438.9
Unrated   3,910.8   1,040.0   38.9   75.4   81.6   31.4   30,662.8   35,840.9
Total Gross loans   683,689.4   581,519.2   163,554.6   206,112.1   115,306.5   216,485.6   1,995,889.7   3,962,557.1
Provision   (1,725.4)   (1,984.0)   (5,418.6)   (3,160.9)   (21,377.4)   (121,650.1)   (48,686.3)   (204,002.7)
Total net loans   681,964.0   579,535.2   158,136.0   202,951.2   93,929.1   94,835.5   1,947,203.4   3,758,554.4

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand loans.

F-
91

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of consumer loans at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Non-revolving loans originated in
Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2020   Fiscal 2019   Prior to 2019   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Mortgage loans   1,023,647.7   905,818.5   584,310.6   377,770.5   268,411.7   557,587.2   ..   3,717,546.2
Current 2   1,021,255.4   898,891.7   575,522.4   358,817.6   257,364.8   536,501.0   ..   3,648,352.9
Performing loans which are overdue 3   1,116.9   2,370.2   3,217.2   6,185.6   3,834.1   6,226.1   ..   22,950.1
Non-performing loans   1,275.4   4,556.6   5,571.0   12,767.3   7,212.8   14,860.1   ..   46,243.2
Other secured loans   629,897.7   272,288.8   139,295.2   69,607.2   28,311.1   14,824.3   268,299.9   1,422,524.2
Current 2   625,398.8   263,675.7   130,980.1   62,204.9   24,570.9   10,290.5   212,302.1   1,329,423.0
Performing loans which are overdue 3   2,448.7   5,665.0   4,874.0   3,772.5   1,956.7   585.1   33,611.7   52,913.7
Non-performing loans   2,050.2   2,948.1   3,441.1   3,629.8   1,783.5   3,948.7   22,386.1   40,187.5
Credit card receivables   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   384,163.8   384,163.8
Current 2   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   371,590.8   371,590.8
Performing loans which are overdue 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   6,736.6   6,736.6
Non-performing loans   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   5,836.4   5,836.4
Other unsecured loans   574,768.1   224,726.6   73,289.6   39,214.0   9,758.0   1,953.6   21,940.9   945,650.8
Current 2   570,345.3   219,149.6   70,453.9   37,104.4   8,929.9   435.7   20,940.7   927,359.5
Performing loans which are overdue 3   2,279.0   2,233.9   1,087.5   921.3   231.7   1,226.7   37.4   8,017.5
Non-performing loans   2,143.8   3,343.1   1,748.2   1,188.3   596.4   291.2   962.8   10,273.8
Total Gross loans   2,228,313.5   1,402,833.9   796,895.4   486,591.7   306,480.8   574,365.1   674,404.6   6,469,885.0
Provisons   (2,984.6)   (5,665.2)   (5,825.6)   (11,205.2)   (5,984.6)   (11,983.6)   (21,682.2)   (65,331.0)
Total net loans   2,225,328.9   1,397,168.7   791,069.8   475,386.5   300,496.2   562,381.5   652,722.4   6,404,554.0

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Loans upto 30 days past due are considered
                                            current.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding
                                            amount of the facility which has overdues, and not the borrower-level outstanding.

F-
92

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of consumer loans at March 31, 2022.

Rupees in million

Non-revolving loans originated in
Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2020   Fiscal 2019   Fiscal 2018   Prior to 2018   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Mortgage loans   1,042,163.1   718,384.4   473,710.8   339,350.0   252,038.3   475,768.9   ..   3,301,415.5
Current 2   1,040,069.6   711,385.5   452,457.6   326,436.9   244,024.1   452,729.1   ..   3,227,102.8
Performing loans which are overdue 3   578.3   2,772.3   6,432.5   3,128.0   2,018.5   4,823.6   ..   19,753.2
Non-performing loans   1,515.2   4,226.6   14,820.7   9,785.2   5,995.6   18,216.2   ..   54,559.5
Other secured loans   528,450.5   242,763.3   141,796.8   72,459.3   23,508.2   7,760.5   271,246.8   1,287,985.6
Current 2   524,384.0   229,822.0   128,960.9   64,805.0   20,765.0   3,641.8   215,765.8   1,188,144.5
Performing loans which are overdue 3   1,807.6   7,963.6   6,443.5   3,591.0   1,284.3   449.1   33,479.8   55,018.9
Non-performing loans   2,258.9   4,977.7   6,392.4   4,063.3   1,459.0   3,669.6   22,001.3   44,822.2
Credit card receivables   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   254,739.8   254,739.8
Current 2   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   247,317.0   247,317.0
Performing loans which are overdue 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   3,558.2   3,558.2
Non-performing loans   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   3,864.6   3,864.6
Other unsecured loans   370,892.3   145,313.1   97,243.6   37,017.2   6,461.6   4,108.2   7,372.7   668,408.7
Current 2   369,155.5   141,835.0   90,736.0   34,916.2   5,970.9   3,757.9   7,074.0   653,445.5
Performing loans which are overdue 3   846.1   1,399.6   1,961.8   538.3   123.6   16.9   52.1   4,938.4
Non-performing loans   890.7   2,078.5   4,545.8   1,562.7   367.0   333.5   246.6   10,024.8
Total Gross loans   1,941,505.9   1,106,460.8   712,751.3   448,826.5   282,008.1   487,637.6   533,359.4   5,512,549.6
Provisions   (1,986.8)   (5,322.9)   (14,006.8)   (8,520.0)   (4,779.2)   (15,938.4)   (17,468.6)   (68,022.7)
Total net loans   1,939,519.1   1,101,137.9   698,744.5   440,306.5   277,228.9   471,699.2   515,890.8   5,444,526.9

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Loans upto 30 days past due are considered
                                            current.

3.   The amount disclosed represents the outstanding
                                            amount of the facility which has overdues, and not the borrower-level outstanding.

F-
93

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

8.

Financial assets transferred during the year to securitization company/reconstruction company

The Bank has transferred certain
assets to securitization companies’/asset reconstruction companies in compliance with the terms of the guidelines issued by the
Reserve Bank of India governing such transfer. The Bank transfers its non-performing assets to asset reconstruction companies primarily
in exchange for receipt of cash or securities in the form of pass-through instruments issued by such asset reconstruction companies,
wherein payments to holders of securities are based on the actual realized cash flows from the transferred assets. In accordance with
Reserve Bank of India guidelines, in case of non-performing loans sold to asset reconstruction companies, the Bank reverses the excess
provision in profit and loss account in the year in which amounts are received. Any shortfall of sale value over the net book value on
sale of such assets is recognized by the Bank in the year in which the assets are sold. For the purpose of the valuation of underlying
security receipts issued by underlying trusts managed by asset reconstruction companies, the security receipts are valued at their respective
net asset values as advised by the asset reconstruction companies.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the details of the assets transferred.

Rupees in million, except number of accounts

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Number of accounts 1   205 2   561 2   2
Aggregate value (net of provisions) of accounts sold to securitization company/reconstruction company   286.3 2   630.5 2   11.3
Aggregate consideration   1,739.9   2,340.7   81.0
Aggregate gain/(loss) over net book value   1,453.6   1,710.2   69.7
Provision reversed to profit and loss account on account of sale of NPAs   1,453.6   1,710.2   69.7

1.   Excludes accounts previously written-off.

2.   Includes 196 consumer loans amounting to Rs.
                                            162.5 million (Fiscal 2022: 557 consumer loans amounting to Rs. 385.7 million)

9.

Details of non-performing assets sold, excluding those sold to securitization company/reconstruction company

The Bank has sold certain
non-performing assets to entities other than securitization company/reconstruction company in compliance with the terms of the guidelines
issued by the Reserve Bank of India on such sale.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the details of non-performing assets sold to entities, excluding those sold to securitization company/reconstruction
company.

Rupees in million, except number of
    accounts

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
No. of accounts 1   1   3   5
Aggregate value (net of provisions) of accounts sold, excluding those sold to securitization company/reconstruction
    company   ..   188.6   1,302.8
Aggregate consideration   15.7   1,164.1   1,357.8
Aggregate gain/(loss) over net book value   15.7   975.5   55.0

1.   Represents corporate loans.

10.

Concentration of credit risk

Concentration of credit risk
exists when changes in economic, industry or geographic factors affect groups of counter-parties whose aggregate credit exposure is material
in relation to the Group’s total credit exposure. The Group’s portfolio of financial instruments is broadly diversified along
industry, product and geographic lines primarily within India.

The Group is subject to supervision
guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Group’s 20 largest exposures (non-bank) based on gross exposure (credit, derivative
and investments), totaled Rs. 1,741,788.4 million at March 31, 2023 which represented 96.3% of the capital funds (March 31, 2022: Rs.
1,618,647.1 million representing 99.8% of the capital funds). The single largest exposure (non-bank) at March 31, 2023 was Rs. 221,107.0
million, which was included in rating category “AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C”, and represented 12.2% of the capital funds (March
31, 2022: Rs. 249,230.4 million representing 15.4% of the capital funds).

F-
94

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The largest group of companies
under the same management control accounted for 25.9% of the capital funds at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: 25.0% of the capital funds).

11.

Loan commitments

The Group has outstanding
undrawn commitments to provide loans and financing to customers. These loan commitments aggregated to Rs. 4,992,056.3 million (including
fund based commitments fungible with non-fund based facilities) at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: Rs. 3,712,500.2 million). The interest
rate on a significant portion of these commitments is dependent on the lending rates prevailing on the date of the loan disbursement.
Further, the commitments have fixed expiration dates and are generally contingent upon the borrower’s ability to maintain specific
credit standards.

12.

Capital commitments

The Group is obligated under
a number of capital contracts. Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature, which have been committed. The amounts of contracts
remaining to be executed on capital account aggregated to Rs. 16,947.2 million at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: Rs. 11,792.6 million).

13.

Derivatives

ICICI Bank is a participant
in the financial derivatives market. The Bank deals in derivatives for balance sheet management, proprietary trading and market making
purposes whereby the Bank offers derivative products to its customers, enabling them to hedge their risks.

Dealing in derivatives is
carried out by identified groups in the treasury of the Bank based on the purpose of the transaction. Derivative transactions are entered
into by the treasury front office. The Bank’s Treasury and Securities Services Group conducts an independent check of the transactions
entered into by the front office and also undertakes activities such as confirmation, settlement, accounting, tracking of risk limit
utilizations and reporting and ensures compliance with various internal and regulatory guidelines.

The market making and the
proprietary trading activities in derivatives are governed by the Investment Policy which include Derivative policy of the Bank, which
lays down the position limits, stop loss limits as well as other risk limits. The Risk Management Group lays down the methodology for
computation and monitoring of risk. The Risk Committee of the Board reviews the Bank’s risk management policy in relation to various
risks including Credit and Recovery Policy, Investment Policy including Derivative Policy, Asset Liability Management Policy and Operational
Risk Management Policy. The Risk Committee of the Board comprises independent directors and the Executive Director of the Bank.

The Bank measures and monitors
risk of its derivatives portfolio using risk metrics such as Value at Risk (VaR), stop loss limits and relevant greeks for options. Risk
reporting on derivatives forms an integral part of the management information system.

Over the counter derivative
transactions are covered under International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreements with the respective counter parties.
The exposure on account of derivative transactions is computed as per RBI guidelines.

F-
95

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Board of Directors has
authorised the Asset Liability Management Committee to review and approve matters, as applicable, pertaining to the London Inter-Bank
Offer Rate transition to alternate risk free rates. A London Inter-Bank Offer Rate Working Group has been constituted which reviews the
progress on the international front, and the work carried out alongside Indian Banking Association. An update on the activities on the
London Inter-Bank Offer Rate transition and the proceedings of the Working Group is presented quarterly to the Asset Liability Management
Committee. The necessary changes were implemented in the treasury system of the Bank to handle the transition of existing trades to the
alternate risk free rates. The transition was carried out for the London Inter-Bank Offer Rate (GBP, JPY, EUR, CHF) that ceased on December
31, 2021. USD London Inter-Bank Offer Rates and INR Mumbai Inter-bank Forward Outright Rates was expected to cease at the end of June
2023. There is sufficient liquidity in market for USD London Inter-Bank Offer Rate linked trades. The Bank does not expect material valuation
risk arising out of non-alignment of fallback provisions of commercially linked positions such as trading deals and on the existing hedge
deals of the Bank.

The use of derivatives for
hedging purposes is governed by the hedge policy approved by the Asset Liability Management Committee. Subject to prevailing regulatory
guidelines, the Group deals in derivatives for hedging fixed rate, floating rate or foreign currency assets/liabilities. Transactions
for hedging and market making purposes are recorded separately. For hedge transactions, the Bank identifies the hedged item (asset or
liability) at the inception of the hedge itself. The effectiveness is assessed at the time of inception of the hedge and periodically
thereafter.

Based on guidelines issued
by Reserve Bank of India on June 26, 2019, the accounting of hedge relationships established after June 26, 2019 is in accordance with
the Guidance Note on Accounting for Derivative Contracts issued by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Accordingly, for fair
value hedges established after June 26, 2019, the hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) are measured
at fair value with changes recognized in the profit and loss account by the Bank. The swaps under hedge relationships established prior
to that date are accounted for on an accrual basis and are not marked-to-market unless their underlying transaction is marked-to-market.
The Group companies measure the hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) at fair value with changes recognized
in the profit and loss account for fair value hedge. To the extent a cash flow hedge is effective, the change in the fair value of the
hedging instrument is recognized in cash flow hedge reserve. The ineffective portion of the hedge is accounted in the profit and loss
account. The premium or discount arising on inception of forward exchange contracts, which are not hedging instruments and are not intended
for trading purpose, is amortized over the life of the contract as interest income/expense.

Credit exposure on interest
rate and currency derivative transactions (both trading and hedging), is computed using the current exposure method according to the
Reserve Bank of India guidelines, which is arrived at by adding up the positive mark-to-market values and the potential future exposure
of these contracts. According to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the potential future exposure is determined by multiplying the
notional principal amount of each of these contracts (irrespective of whether the mark-to-market value of these contracts is zero, positive
or negative value) by the relevant add-on factor, ranging from 0.5% to 15%, according to the type of contract and residual maturity of
the instrument. The credit exposure for equity futures is computed based on the market value and open quantity of the contracts at the
balance sheet date and credit exposure for equity options is computed based on the price sensitivity of the option and open quantity
of the contracts at the balance sheet date.

F-
96

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth
the details of the notional amounts, fair value, realized/unrealized gain and loss on derivatives and credit exposure of trading derivatives
for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Gain/(loss) on derivatives   Credit
                                            exposure 3
Interest rate derivatives 1   30,733,301.9   99,901.1   (90,108.3)   19,050.3   365,955.3
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   17,100,573.5   64,120.8   (78,607.9)   25,220.1   501,130.1
Equity derivatives   9,629.1   4.3   (1.1)   (602.0)   261.1
Un-funded credit derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   Includes
                                            foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes
                                            foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

3.   Credit
                                            exposure is computed as per Current Exposure Method (CEM) without bilateral netting.

The following table
sets forth the details of the notional amounts, fair value, realized/unrealized gain and loss on derivatives and credit exposure of trading
derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2022.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Gain/(loss) on derivatives   Credit
                                            exposure 3
Interest rate derivatives 1   31,560,087.8   48,571.0   (48,494.8)   8,874.7   330,568.1
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   11,898,939.6   46,742.3   (53,095.3)   49,080.4   373,318.1
Equity derivatives   771.3   7.2   (0.0)   (195.9)   332.5
Un-funded credit derivatives   ..   ..   ..   1.8   ..

1.   Includes
                                            foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes
                                            foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

3.   Credit
                                            exposure is computed as per Current Exposure Method (CEM) without bilateral netting.

The following table
sets forth the details of the notional amounts, marked-to-market position and credit exposure of hedging derivatives for the year ended
March 31, 2023.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Credit exposure
Interest rate derivatives 1   426,018.2   1,184.0   (7,409.0)   5,343.3
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange
    derivatives) 2   5,996.9   122.9   ..   119.9

1.   Includes foreign currency interest rate swaps,
                                            forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes foreign currency options, cross currency
                                            interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

The following table sets forth
the details of the notional amounts, marked-to-market position and credit exposure of hedging derivatives for the year ended March 31,
2022.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Notional amount   Gross positive fair value   Gross negative fair value   Credit exposure
Interest rate derivatives 1   371,526.8   990.0   (3,340.6)   8,337.3
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange
    derivatives) 2   11,608.4   340.6   (27.2)   1,382.0

1.   Includes
                                            foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes
                                            foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

F-
97

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The gains/(losses) on hedged
items arising from changes in fair value for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 amounted to Rs. 5,282.2 million and Rs. 5,750.5 million respectively
and gains/(losses) on corresponding hedging instruments arising from changes in fair value during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 amounted
to Rs. (5,176.4) million and Rs. (7,870.3) million respectively.

The gains/(losses) on cash
flow hedges recorded in cash flow hedge reserve for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 amounted to Rs. 981.2 million and Rs. (397.7) million
respectively. At year-end fiscal 2023, loss of Rs. 6.3 million (at year-end fiscal 2022: loss of Rs. 4.1 million) recorded in cash flow
hedge reserve is expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months. This amount could differ from amounts actually
recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations or the addition of other hedges subsequent to year-end fiscal 2023.
During fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, there were no gains/(losses) reclassified from cash flow hedge reserve into earnings on account of
discontinuance of cash flow hedges. At year-end fiscal 2023, the maximum length of time over which the Group was hedging its exposure
to the variability in future cash flows was 129 months (year-end fiscal 2022: 107 months). At year-end fiscal 2023, accumulated cash
flow hedge reserve was Rs. 544.4 million (year-end fiscal 2022: Rs. (452.0) million). During fiscal 2023, net amount reclassified from
accumulated cash flow hedge reserve to earnings was Rs. 15.1 million (fiscal 2022: Rs. 0.2 million).

Additionally, the Group
has also hedged the foreign currency exposure of its net investment in foreign operations through currency forward contracts of a notional
amount of Rs. 47,036.0 million at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: Rs. 43,202.9 million). The gross positive and negative fair values
of these hedging instruments were Rs. 354.6 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 218.9 million) and Rs. (49.1) million (March 31, 2022: Rs. (227.8)
million) respectively and the credit exposure was Rs. 1,690.7 million at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1,288.8 million).

As per the Basel III Regulations,
banks may adopt the comprehensive approach, which allows fuller offset of collateral against exposures, by effectively reducing the exposure
amount by the value ascribed to the collateral. Therefore, mark-to-market receivable has been fully off-set against the collateral received
from the counterparty and the excess collateral posted over the net mark-to-market payable is reckoned as exposure. Since the collateral
received is counterparty wise and not product wise, the derivative exposure reported above has not been adjusted for the collateral received/posted.

At March 31, 2023, collateral
utilized against mark-to-market receivable of the Bank was Rs. 11,775.9 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 7,762.9 million), excess collateral
posted over net mark-to-market payable was Rs. 1,118.2 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1,926.9 million) and the net credit exposure post
collateral netting on forex and derivatives was Rs. 779,476.0 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 596,673.7 million).

14.

Tax contingencies

Various tax-related legal
proceedings are pending against the Group at various levels of appeal either with the tax authorities or in the courts. Where, after
considering all available information, a liability requires accrual in the opinion of management, the Group accrues such liability.

Where such proceedings are
sufficiently advanced to enable management to assess that a liability exists and are subject to reasonable estimation, management records
its best estimate of such liability. The contested tax demands are adjusted by the tax authorities against refunds due to the Group on
favorable resolution of other years’ appeals/completion of assessments or paid or kept in abeyance in accordance with the terms
of the stay order. The payment/adjustment/stay does not prejudice the outcome of the appeals filed by the Group. The tax payments are
recorded as tax paid under other assets.

At March 31, 2023, the Group
has assessed its contingent tax liability at an aggregate of Rs. 82,515.2 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 84,771.4 million), mainly pertaining
to income tax, service tax, goods and service tax and sales tax/ value added tax demands by the Indian tax authorities for past years.
The Group has appealed each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with counsel and favorable decisions in the Group’s own
or other similar cases as set out below, the Group’s management believes that the tax authorities are not likely to be able to
substantiate their tax assessments and accordingly has not provided for these tax demands at March 31, 2023. Disputed tax issues that
are classified as remote are not disclosed as contingent liabilities by the Group.

F-
98

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Group's contingent liabilities
on income tax and interest tax amounted to Rs. 72,410.0 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 73,191.1 million) which include appeals filed by
the Group or the tax authorities, where the Group is relying on favorable precedent decisions of the appellate authorities and counsel
opinions. The key disputed liabilities are detailed below:

Disallowance of expenses
to earn tax free income: Rs. 29,002.9 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 29,598.3 million)
mainly relates to whether interest expenses
can be attributed to earning tax-free income. The Group believes that no interest can be allocated thereto as there are no borrowings
earmarked for investments in shares/tax free bonds and the interest free funds are sufficient to cover investments in the underlying
tax free securities. The Group relies on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities in Group’s
own cases and other similar cases.

Mark-to-market losses on
derivatives: Rs. 15,003.8 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 15,003.8 million)
relates to the disallowance of mark-to-market losses on
derivative transactions treated by the tax authorities as notional losses. The Group relies on favorable opinion from the counsel and
past decision by the appellate authorities in Group’s own cases and other similar cases, which had allowed the deduction of mark-to-market
losses from business income.

Provision for operating
expense: Rs. 5,258.2 million (March 31, 2022: Rs.5,214.5 Million)
relates to disallowance of provision for operating expense by the
tax authorities treating it as contingent in nature. The group relies on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate
authorities in other similar cases.

Interest on perpetual bonds:
Rs. 5,145.6 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 5,962.7 million)
 relates to the disallowance of interest paid on perpetual bonds. The tax
authorities do not deem these as borrowings and therefore the interest paid on these bonds has not been allowed as a deduction. The Group
relies on favourable opinion from counsel and the past decision by the appellate authorities in the Group’s own case.

Depreciation on leased
assets: Rs. 4,723.3 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 4,744.8 million
) relates to the disallowance of depreciation claimed on leased assets
due to treatment of the lease transactions as loan transactions by the tax authorities. The Group relies on favorable opinion from the
counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities in Group’s own case and other similar cases.

Disallowance of write off
in respect of credit cards: Rs. 3,570.9 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 3,574.9 million)
 relates to the disallowance of written-off
amount for credit cards for claiming bad debt write-offs. It was disallowed on the ground that the credit card business is not a banking
business or pertaining to money lending and hence did not fulfill conditions for claim of bad debt write off. The Group has relied on
the favourable opinion from counsel and past decision by the appellate authorities in Group’s own case.

Interest on non-performing
assets: Rs. 3,410.4 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 3,415.4 million)
relates to interest on non-performing assets de-recognized as per
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines after 90 days. Interest income is assessed to tax on the ground that tax law has 180 days limit
as against 90 days followed by the Bank. The Group has relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities
in Group’s own and other similar cases.

F-
99

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Taxability under section
41(4A) of amounts withdrawn from Special Reserve created up to Assessment Year 1997-98: Rs. 1,030.6 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1,030.6
million)
 relates to two special reserve accounts maintained by the Group, which included a special reserve created up to assessment
year 1997-98. Withdrawals from the account were assessed as taxable by the tax authorities for assessment years 1998-99 to 2000-01. The
Group has received favorable orders in respect of these assessment years. However, the income tax authorities have preferred further
appeal against the favourable orders.

The Group’s contingent
liabilities on service tax and goods and service tax amounted to Rs. 8,888.4 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 10,236.3 million), which mainly
pertain to the demands along with interest and penalty levied by the respective tax authorities. The Group relies on favorable opinion
from counsel. The key disputed liabilities are detailed below.

Disallowance of input tax
credit on interchange fees: Rs. 2,048.0 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 2,048.0 million)
 relates to disallowance of input credit on
ATM interchange fees paid to acquiring banks and switching fee paid to settlement agency on the basis of monthly statement and 100% penalty
on the same. The Group has relied on a favorable opinion from counsel.

Service tax on interchange
fees: Rs. 1,488.7 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1,488.7 million)
 relates to service tax and interest on interchange fees received
by the Bank as an issuing bank. The Group has relied on a favorable opinion from counsel.

Service tax on amount retained
from contribution: Rs. 1,091.6 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1,091.6 million)
pertaining to ICICI Strategic Investment Fund relates
to retention of contribution received by the fund, being treated as income received towards the services rendered by fund to its contributors.
The Group has relied on a favorable opinion from counsel.

The Group’s contingent
liabilities on sales tax/value added tax amounted to Rs. 1,214.6 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1,344.0 million) by various state government
authorities. The matters mainly pertain to procedural issues like submission of statutory forms and adhoc additions in turnover. The
Group has relied on favorable opinions from the counsels and decisions in own/other cases.

Based on judicial precedents
in the Group’s and other cases and upon consultation with the tax counsels, the management believes that it is more likely than
not that the Group’s tax positions will be sustained. Accordingly, no provision has been made in the accounts.

The above mentioned contingent
liabilities do not include Rs. 34,988.3 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 36,173.4 million) considered as remote. Of the total disputed tax
demands classified as remote, Rs. 30,493.8 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 30,753.3 million) mainly pertains to the deduction of bad debts,
broken period interest, and levy of penalties, which are covered by favorable decisions by the Supreme Court of India in the Group’s
own/other cases and Rs. 3,632.3 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 4,492.1 million) pertains to errors requiring rectification by tax authorities.
Therefore, these are not required to be disclosed as contingent liability.

F-
100

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

15.

Litigation

A number of litigations and
claims against the Group (and its directors and officers) are pending in various forums. The claims on the Group (and its directors and
officers) mainly arise in connection with civil cases involving allegations of service deficiencies, property or labor disputes, fraudulent
transactions, economic offences and other cases filed in the normal course of business. The Group is also subject to counter-claims arising
in connection with its enforcement of contracts and loans. A provision is created where an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable and
in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. In view of inherent unpredictability of litigation and cases where claims sought
are substantial in value, actual cost of resolving litigations may be substantially different than the provision held or the contingent
liability recognized. For cases where unfavorable outcome is deemed to be reasonably possible, it is not possible to make an estimate
of the possible loss or range of possible losses though aggregate of such amounts are recognized as contingent liabilities. The total
amount of claims against the Group where an unfavorable outcome is deemed ‘probable’ was Rs. 2,668.2 million against which
provision of Rs. 1,883.8 million has been recognized. The total amount of claims where unfavorable outcome is deemed ‘possible’
was Rs. 5,376.8 million at March 31, 2023, which has been included under contingent liability of the Group. Based upon a review of open
matters with its legal counsels including loss contingency on account of such litigation and claims, and classification of such contingency
as 'probable', 'possible' or 'remote' and with due provisioning for the relevant litigation and claims, the management believes that
the outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's consolidated financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.

F-
101

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

16.

Segmental Information

	The following table sets forth, the business
segment results for the year ended March 31, 2023 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note 10A.

Rupees
in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Total income   1,037,753.4   506,148.5   845,369.2   44,640.0   479,301.7   97,259.8   (1,148,684.6)   1,861,788.0
External revenue   624,349.7   366,629.6   241,880.1   44,192.1   478,712.6   106,023.9   ..   1,861,788.0
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal
    revenue   413,403.7   139,518.9   603,489.1   447.9   589.1   (8,764.1)   (1,148,684.6)   ..
2   Segment results 1   175,336.8   157,857.8   140,372.1   10,014.5   8,968.9   42,023.7   (15,509.2)   519,064.6
3   Unallocated expenses   56,500.0
4   Share of profit from associates   9,982.9
5   Operating profit 1 (2) – (3) + (4)   472,547.5
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   117,934.4
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   354,613.1
Other information
8   Segment assets   6,039,593.7   4,328,743.5   5,129,405.0   836,960.5   2,556,899.0   711,348.4   (114,612.3)   19,488,337.8
9   Unallocated assets   96,567.2
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   19,584,905.0
11   Segment liabilities   8,913,545.4   3,472,764.9   3,344,275.6 3   564,779.6 3   2,558,472.0 3   714,679.8 3   (114,612.3) 3   19,453,905.0
12   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
13   Total
                                 capital and liabilities (11)
                                            + (12)   19,584,905.0
14   Capital expenditure   11,682.9   5,251.8   610.6   455.2   1,357.0   1,884.8   ..   21,242.3
15   Depreciation   9,274.5   3,427.2   335.8   405.2   835.1   884.2   (16.4)   15,145.6

1.   Profit
                                            before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes
                                            share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes
                                            share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
102

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, the business segment
results for the year ended March 31, 2022 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note 10A.

Rupees
in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail
                                            banking   Wholesale
                                            banking   Treasury   Other
                                            banking business   Life
                                            insurance   Others   Inter-
                                            segment adjustments   Total
1   Total income   846,392.2   399,714.9   673,210.9   27,784.1   453,402.4   87,332.5   (912,473.8)   1,575,363.2
External revenue   483,837.6   289,280.0   229,049.3   27,291.1   452,258.2   93,647.0   ..   1,575,363.2
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal revenue   362,554.6   110,434.9   444,161.6   493.0   1,144.2   (6,314.5)   (912,473.8)   ..
2   Segment results 1   114,003.9   90,529.3   96,744.8   6,271.2   7,905.6   43,499.9   (16,792.0)   342,162.7
3   Unallocated expenses   (250.0)
4   Share of profit from associates   7,544.3
5   Operating profit 1 (2) – (3) + (4)   349,957.0
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   84,574.4
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   265,382.6
Other information
8   Segment assets   4,876,519.3   3,790,918.0   5,218,960.9   682,866.9   2,440,064.2   516,534.8   (105,216.9)   17,420,647.2
9   Unallocated assets   105,726.6
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   17,526,373.8
11   Segment liabilities   7,918,942.5   3,213,907.0   2,933,413.9 3   541,143.1 3   2,441,543.2 3   520,286.4 3   (105,216.9) 3   17,464,019.2
12   Unallocated liabilities   62,354.6
13   Total
                                            capital and liabilities (11)
                                            + (12)   17,526,373.8
14   Capital expenditure   9,901.7   4,453.3   623.1   345.7   732.3   943.8   ..   16,999.9
15   Depreciation   8,068.8   3,130.8   399.6   321.9   669.1   726.3   (16.4)   13,300.1

1.   Profit
                                            before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes
                                            share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes
                                            share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
103

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, the business segment
results for the year ended March 31, 2021 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note 10A.

Rupees
in million

Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Total income   756,692.9   371,945.3   664,810.9   31,800.6   436,215.9   129,648.3   78,270.3   (857,462.3)   1,611,921.9
External revenue   414,943.4   259,621.0   265,108.2   29,880.4   435,804.7   126,511.3   80,052.9   ..   1,611,921.9
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal
    revenue   341,749.5   112,324.3   399,702.7   1,920.2   411.2   3,137.0   (1,782.6)   (857,462.3)   ..
2   Segment results 1   77,399.7   58,199.5   106,155.9   5,735.7   10,811.8   19,539.5   40,077.1   (11,578.8)   306,340.4
3   Unallocated expenses   47,500.0
4   Share of profit from associates   1,442.9
5   Operating profit 1 (2) – (3) + (4)   260,283.3
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   56,643.7
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   203,639.6
Other information
8   Segment assets   4,124,986.5   3,259,375.0   4,602,320.5   750,682.3   2,169,189.1   389,436.1   445,994.8   (147,461.6)   15,594,522.7
9   Unallocated assets   143,599.7
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   15,738,122.4
11   Segment liabilities   6,869,207.9   2,821,639.2   2,480,180.3 3   639,123.3 3   2,170,346.2 3   392,588.7 3   449,893.8 3   (147,461.6) 3   15,675,517.8
12   Unallocated liabilities   62,604.6
13   Total
                                 capital and liabilities (11)
                                            + (12)   15,738,122.4
14   Capital expenditure   9,228.1   4,745.0   866.6   401.2   400.1   773.0   745.2   ..   17,159.2
15   Depreciation   7,249.4   2,859.8   481.0   323.3   598.0   1,306.0   599.6   (16.4)   13,400.7

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

The Bank has pursued a conscious strategy of
increasing the share of retail deposits and re-balancing the funding mix. Accordingly, retail deposits have been considerably higher
than retail advances. Accordingly, segment liabilities of the retail business segment were higher as compared to segment assets for above
periods.

F-
104

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

17.

Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group recognizes the revenue
from contracts with customers primarily in the line item ‘commission, exchange and brokerage’ of ‘Schedule 14 - Other
income’. The primary components of commission, exchange and brokerage are transaction banking fee, lending linked fee, fund management
fee, commercial banking fee, securities brokerage income and third party products distribution fee.

The transaction banking fee
primarily includes card related fee such as interchange fee, joining fee and annual fee, income on ATM transactions, deposit accounts
related transaction charges and charges for normal transaction banking services and fee on cash management services, commission on bank
guarantees, letters of credit and bills discounting. The lending linked fee primarily includes loan processing fee and fee on foreclosure/prepayment
of loans. The fund management fee includes the income earned by the Bank’s asset management subsidiary on mutual fund schemes and
by the private equity fund management subsidiary on private equity funds. The brokerage income earned by the Bank’s securities
broking subsidiary on securities transactions by its customers is included in the securities brokerage income. The third party products
distribution fee primarily includes income earned on distribution of products such as mutual funds, insurance products and bonds.

The revenue is recognized
at the time when the performance obligation under the terms of contractual arrangement is completed. The Group generally recognizes the
revenue either immediately upon completion of services or over time as the Group performs the services. In cases where the consideration
is received in advance from customers by the Group, a liability is recorded and the same is subsequently recognized as revenue over the
contract period or on completion of the performance obligation under the contract. The Group does not have any significant contract assets
and contract liabilities at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022.

The segment-wise breakup of
the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2023 is given below.

Rupees
in million

Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   Others   Inter segment adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking fee   75,390.4   22,871.7   ..   1,156.2   ..   37.5   (632.5)   98,823.3
2   Lending linked fee   23,659.0   13,403.0   ..   1,172.9   5.8   1,628.5   (253.8)   39,615.4
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   27,550.4   (0.6)   27,549.8
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   12,563.0   (6.8)   12,556.2
5   Third party products distribution fee   9,390.9   ..   ..   0.4   ..   6,532.1   (5,673.4)   10,250.0
6   Others   811.3   1,342.7   10.2   408.2   ..   5,348.1   (230.5)   7,690.0
Total   109,251.6   37,617.4   10.2   2,737.7   5.8   53,659.6   (6,797.6)   196,484.7

1.   Out
                                            of the total revenue of Rs. 196,484.7 million, amount of revenue recognized point in time
                                            is Rs. 177,416.7 million and amount of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 19,068.0 million.

F-
105

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The segment-wise breakup of
the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2022 is given below.

       Rupees
in million

Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   Others   Inter segment adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking fee   59,375.0   19,482.6   ..   799.6   ..   23.5   (783.1)   78,897.6
2   Lending linked fee   20,290.7   11,551.6   ..   540.6   ..   932.0   (274.8)   33,040.1
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   18.1   ..   24,634.3   (0.5)   24,651.9
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   15,526.0   (6.8)   15,519.2
5   Third party products distribution fee   11,166.9   ..   ..   0.6   ..   5,740.8   (7,506.0)   9,402.3
6   Others   2,754.7   1,576.0   13.8   455.1   4.6   6,576.4   (7.8)   11,372.8
Total   93,587.3   32,610.2   13.8   1,814.0   4.6   53,433.0   (8,579.0)   172,883.9

1.   Out
                                            of the total revenue of Rs. 172,883.9 million, amount of revenue recognized point in time
                                            is Rs. 154,800.3 million and amount of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 18,083.6
                                            million.

The segment-wise breakup of
the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2021 is given below.

       Rupees
in million

Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   General insurance   Others   Inter segment adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking fee   47,821.6   17,466.5   ..   707.1   ..   ..   10.2   (505.8)   65,499.6
2   Lending linked fee   16,714.2   8,387.1   ..   395.4   ..   ..   603.4   (135.3)   25,964.8
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   1.4   ..   ..   20,424.7   (0.6)   20,425.5
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   15,045.2   (198.6)   14,846.6
5   Third party products distribution fee   10,595.8   110.3   ..   1.2   ..   ..   4,099.6   (9,046.4)   5,760.5
6   Others   1,767.8   1,190.0   702.9   299.7   3.9   ..   3,979.4   (210.1)   7,733.6
Total   76,899.4   27,153.9   702.9   1,404.8   3.9   ..   44,162.5   (10,096.8)   140,230.6

1.   Out
                                            of the total revenue of Rs. 140,230.6 million, amount of revenue recognized point in time
                                            is Rs. 124,824.7 million and amount of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 15,405.9
                                            million.

F-
106

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

18.

Employee Stock Option Scheme

The following table sets forth
a summary of the Bank’s stock options outstanding at March 31, 2023.

Number of options   Weighted-average exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number
    of years)   Aggregate
                                            intrinsic value (Rs.
                                            in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   237,197,999   310.82   5.12   99,501.6
Add: Granted during the year   25,793,500   747.92
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   3,921,340   568.36
Less: Exercised during the year   34,044,356   276.72
Outstanding at the end of the year   225,025,803   361.60   4.43   116,036.0
Options exercisable   172,938,533   289.69   4.03   101,611.0

The following table sets forth
a summary of the Bank’s stock options outstanding at March 31, 2022.

Number of options   Weighted-average exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average remaining contractual life (Number
    of years)   Aggregate
                                            intrinsic value (Rs.
                                            in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   246,590,972   276.14   5.86   75,447.4
Add: Granted during the year   25,550,350   570.43
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   2,164,335   444.41
Less: Exercised during the year   32,778,988   243.44
Outstanding at the end of the year   237,197,999   310.82   5.12   99,501.6
Options exercisable   177,170,739   264.69   4.91   82,491.6

Total fair value
of options vested was Rs. 4,630.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2023, Rs. 4,145.3 million for the year ended March 31, 2022 and
Rs. 3,555.6 million for the year ended March 31, 2021.

Total aggregate
intrinsic value of options exercised was Rs. 19,325.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2023, Rs. 15,094.0 million for the year ended
March 31, 2022 and Rs. 7,390.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2021.

The total compensation
cost related to non-vested awards not yet recognized at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 was Rs. 4,062.2 million and Rs. 3,086.4 million
respectively and the weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized was 1.51 years and 1.53 years respectively.

F-
107

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth a summary of stock options exercisable at March 31, 2023.

Range of exercise
                                            price (Rupees
                                            per share)   Number of options   Weighted- average exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average
                                            remaining contractual life (Number
                                            of years)   Aggregate
                                            intrinsic value (Rs.
                                            in million)
60-199   7,202,993   160.84   1.85   5,160.3
200-399   133,303,238   261.30   4.30   82,108.7
400-599   32,398,912   434.71   3.41   14,337.8
600-799   29,190   742.88   4.60   3.9
800-999   4,200   810.25   4.81   0.3

The following table sets forth
a summary of stock options exercisable at March 31, 2022.

Range of exercise
                                            price (Rupees
                                            per share)   Number of options   Weighted- average exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average
                                            remaining contractual life (Number
                                            of years)   Aggregate
                                            intrinsic value (Rs.
                                            in million)
60-199   11,245,113   160.69   2.52   6,405.4
200-399   148,506,165   256.43   5.24   70,372.0
400-599   17,419,461   402.26   3.62   5,714.2

The following table
sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock options outstanding at March 31, 2023.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value per share at grant date
    (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2022   60,027,260   172.61
Add: Granted during the year   25,793,500   291.15
Less: Vested during the year   29,953,785   154.58
Less: Forfeited during the year   3,779,705   229.14
Unvested at March 31, 2023   52,087,270   237.58

The following table
sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock options outstanding at March 31, 2022.

Number of options   Weighted-average fair value per share at grant date
    (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2021   69,454,030   130.30
Add: Granted during the year   25,550,350   227.75
Less: Vested during the year   32,901,210   125.99
Less: Forfeited during the year   2,075,910   174.60
Unvested at March 31, 2022   60,027,260   172.61

F-
108

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth for the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Risk-free interest rate   5.99% to 7.37%   5.34% to 6.53%   4.83% to 5.74%
Expected term   3.23 years to 5.23 years   3.55 years to 5.55 years   3.45 years to 5.45 years
Expected volatility   34.79% to 38.98%   35.38% to 39.41%   35.19% to 37.31%
Expected dividend yield   0.27%
    to 0.72%   0.18%
    to 0.30%   0.26%
    to 0.30%

Risk free interest
rates over the expected term of the option are based on the government securities yield in effect at the time of the grant.

The expected term
of an option is computed based on the vesting term and exercise period as well as expected exercise behavior of the employees who receive
the option, estimated based on the historical stock option exercise pattern of the Bank.

Expected volatility
during the estimated expected term of the option is based on historical volatility determined based on observed market prices of the
Bank's publicly traded equity shares.

Expected dividends
during the estimated expected term of the option are based on recent dividend activity.

19.

Selected information from Indian GAAP financials

The following tables
set forth, for the periods indicated, the income statement and balance sheet, by following the guidance of Regulation S-X.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Interest income   1,210,668.1   954,068.7   891,626.6
Interest expense   505,433.9   411,666.7   426,590.9
Net interest income   705,234.2   542,402.0   465,035.7
Provision for loan losses & others   55,482.3   84,354.2   165,723.9
Provision for depreciation on investments   13,917.0   5,412.3   (1,950.0)
Net interest income after provision for loan losses and investments   635,834.9   452,635.5   301,261.8
Non-interest income   651,119.9   621,294.5   720,295.3
Non-interest expense   824,390.2   731,517.3   762,716.7
Income before income tax expense, minority interest and share of profit in associates   462,564.6   342,412.7   258,840.4
Income tax expense   117,934.4   84,574.4   56,643.7
Income before minority interest and share of profit in associates   344,630.2   257,838.3   202,196.7
Add: Share of profit in associates   9,982.9   7,544.3   1,442.9
Net profit for the year before minority interest   354,613.1   265,382.6   203,639.6
Less: Minority interest   14,246.7   14,281.6   19,796.4
Net income   340,366.4   251,101.0   183,843.2

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Earnings per equity share: (Rs.)
Basic   48.86   36.21   27.26
Diluted   47.84   35.44   26.83
Weighted average number of equity shares used in computing earnings per equity share
    (millions)
Basic   6,966   6,934   6,743
Diluted   7,105   7,076   6,842

F-
109

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million

At March 31,
2023   2022
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents   1,364,564.9   1,831,259.8
Investments 1,2   6,395,519.7   5,670,977.2
Loans, net 1,2   10,838,663.2   9,203,081.4
Property, plant and equipment   109,261.2   105,495.6
Goodwill   1,013.3   1,013.3
Deferred tax asset (net)   76,194.4   79,484.8
Interest accrued, outstanding fees and other income   161,497.2   115,466.2
Assets held for sale   428.8   558.5
Other assets   637,762.3   519,037.0
Total assets   19,584,905.0   17,526,373.8
Liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits   10,450,599.7   9,280,377.2
Non-interest bearing deposits   1,657,721.8   1,633,280.8
Short-term borrowings and trading liabilities   578,221.6   418,828.7
Long-term debt   1,312,396.5   1,197,198.1
Other liabilities   3,374,119.9   3,116,355.2
Total liabilities   17,373,059.5   15,646,040.0
Minority interest   66,867.5   59,808.9
Stockholders’ equity   2,144,978.0   1,820,524.9
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   19,584,905.0   17,526,373.8

1.   Includes
                                            investments and loans amounting to Rs. 261,206.3 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 122,799.8 million)
                                            pledged as security towards short-term borrowings amounting to Rs. 258,992.9 million (March
                                            31, 2022: Rs. 122,268.9 million).

2.   Includes
                                            investments and loans amounting to Rs. 246,812.5 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 243,364.2 million)
                                            pledged as security towards long-term borrowings amounting to Rs. 239,969.1 million (March
                                            31, 2022: Rs. 237,157.5 million).

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, the statement of stockholders’ equity.

Rupees in million

Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue
                                            and other
                                            reserves 1   Other
                                            special reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2022   13,899.7   2,664.1   497,645.1   597,944.4   708,371.6
Proceeds from issue of share capital   68.1   ..   9,576.3   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   5,172.4   8.1 3   200,193.5 4   111,924.4
Deductions during the year   ..   (227.7) 5   ..   (55.0)   (2,207.0) 6
Balance at March 31, 2023   13,967.8   7,608.8   507,229.5   798,082.9   818,089.0

1.   Includes revenue and
                                            other reserves and balance in profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve,
                                            special reserve, unrealized investment reserve, capital reserve fund, foreign currency translation
                                            reserve, revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve and capital redemption reserve.

3.   Represents the ESOP
                                            cost recognized by the overseas banking subsidiaries under fair value method.

4.   Includes Rs. 1,482.1
                                            million towards addition in fair value change account of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
                                            Company Limited.

5.   Represents amount transferred
                                            to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee stock options or to General Reserve
                                            on lapses of employee stock options during the year.

6.   Represents amount transferred
                                            from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account of incremental depreciation charge
                                            on revaluation, revaluation surplus on premises sold or loss on revaluation on account of
                                            certain assets which were held for sale.

F-
110

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million

Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue
                                            and other
                                            reserves 1   Other
                                            special reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2021   13,834.1   31.0   489,694.7   456,653.6   615,661.6
Proceeds from issue of share capital   65.6   ..   7,923.3   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   2,642.2   27.1 3   144,130.1   95,590.6
Deductions during the year   ..   (9.1) 4   ..   (2,839.3) 5   (2,880.6) 6
Balance at March 31, 2022   13,899.7   2,664.1   497,645.1   597,944.4   708,371.6

1.   Includes revenue and
                                            other reserves and balance in profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve,
                                            special reserve, unrealized investment reserve, capital reserve fund, foreign currency translation
                                            reserve, revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve and capital redemption reserve.

3.   Represents the ESOP
                                            cost recognized by the overseas banking subsidiaries under fair value method.

4.   Represents amount transferred
                                            to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee stock options or to General Reserve
                                            on lapses of employee stock options during the year.

5.   Includes Rs. 2,471.4
                                            million towards reduction in fair value change account of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
                                            Company Limited.

6.   Represents amount transferred
                                            from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account of incremental depreciation charge
                                            on revaluation, revaluation surplus on premises sold or loss on revaluation on account of
                                            certain assets which were held for sale.

Rupees
in million

Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue
                                            and other
                                            reserves 1   Other
                                            special reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2020   12,947.7   34.9   335,899.4   308,804.0   571,914.7
Proceeds from issue of share capital   886.4   ..   154,419.4 3   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   ..   77.6 4   147,991.0 5,6   54,078.3
Deductions during the year   ..   (3.9) 7   (701.7)   (141.4)   (10,331.4) 6,8
Balance at March 31, 2021   13,834.1   31.0   489,694.7   456,653.6   615,661.6

1.   Includes revenue and
                                            other reserves and balance in profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve,
                                            special reserve, unrealized investment reserve, capital reserve fund, foreign currency translation
                                            reserve, revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve, capital redemption reserve
                                            and reserve fund.

3.   Includes Rs. 149,162.0
                                            million on account of equity shares issued under Qualified Institutional Placement and Rs.
                                            5,257.4 million (year ended March 31, 2020: Rs. 5,452.1 million) on exercise of employee
                                            stock options.

4.   Represents the ESOP
                                            cost recognized by the overseas banking subsidiaries under fair value method.

5.   Includes Rs. 10,725.6
                                            million towards addition in fair value change account of insurance subsidiaries.

6.   Includes balance in
                                            reserve fund transferred due to closure of Sri Lanka branch and excess balance in Investment
                                            Fluctuation Reserve to balance in profit and loss account during the year ended March 31,
                                            2021.

7.   Represents amount transferred
                                            to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee stock options or to General Reserve
                                            on lapses of employee stock options during the year.

8.   Includes amount transferred
                                            from revaluation reserve on account of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation and
                                            revaluation surplus on premises sold or loss on revaluation on account of certain assets
                                            which were held for sale.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the movement in profit and loss account.

Rupees
in million

March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022   March 31, 2021
Balance at the beginning of the year   508,988.5   385,155.9   267,999.9
Additions during the year   340,366.4   251,101.0   183,843.2
Dividend   (34,794.5)   (13,852.3)   ..
Deductions during the year 1   (158,173.6)   (113,416.1) 2   (66,687.2)
Balance at the end of the year   656,386.8   508,988.5   385,155.9

1.   Includes appropriations/transfers
to other reserves.

2.   Also includes reduction due to
discontinuation of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company from consolidation during the fiscal 2022.

F-
111

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The cash flow statement
is in compliance with the requirements of IAS 7 – Cash Flow Statements.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the supplementary information to the cash flow statements.

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Conversions of loans to investments   7,003.4   204.3   3,064.9
Interest paid   499,568.0   408,972.7   432,471.2
Interest and dividend received   1,167,957.4   956,304.8   892,770.6

20.

Estimated fair value of financial instruments

The Group’s
financial instruments include non-derivative financial assets and liabilities as well as derivative instruments. Fair value estimates
are generally subjective in nature and are made at a specific point in time based on the characteristics of the financial instruments
and relevant market information. Quoted market prices are used, wherever available. In other cases, fair values are based on estimates
using present value or other valuation techniques. These techniques involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions
used and judgments made regarding risk characteristics of various financial instruments, discount rates, estimates of future cash flows
and other factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates and the resulting fair values. Derived fair value
estimates cannot necessarily be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and in many cases, may not be realized in an immediate
sale of the instruments.

Fair value estimates
are based on existing financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of
assets and liabilities that are not considered as financial instruments. Disclosure of fair values is not required for certain items
such as investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting, obligations for pension and other post-retirement benefits,
income tax assets and liabilities, property and equipment, pre-paid expenses, insurance liabilities, core deposit intangibles and the
value of customer relationships associated with certain types of consumer loans, particularly the credit card portfolio and other intangible
assets. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amount presented does not purport to represent and should not be considered representative
of the underlying market or franchise value of the Group. In addition, because of differences in methodologies and assumptions used to
estimate fair values, the Group’s fair values should not be compared to those of other financial institutions.

The methods and
assumptions used by the Group in estimating the fair values of financial instruments are described below.

Cash and balances with banks
and money at call and short notice

The carrying amounts
reported in the balance sheet approximate fair values because a substantial amount of the portfolio has maturities of less than three
months.

Investments

The fair values
of investments are generally determined based on quoted price or based on discounted cashflows. For certain debt and equity investments
that do not trade on established exchanges and for which markets do not exist, estimates of fair value are based upon management’s
review of the investee’s financial results, condition and prospects.

F-
112

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Advances

The fair values
of commercial and consumer loans are estimated by discounting the contractual cash flows using interest rates currently offered on various
loan products. The carrying value of certain other loans approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these loans. The advances
are classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of any significant market observable data for valuation of these instruments.

Deposits

The carrying amount
of deposits with no stated maturity is considered to be equal to their fair value. Fair value of fixed rate time deposits is estimated
by discounting contractual cash flows using interest rates currently offered on the deposit products. Fair value estimates for deposits
do not include the benefit that results from the low-cost funding provided by the deposit liabilities compared to the cost of alternative
forms of funding (core deposit intangibles). The deposits are classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of any significant
market observable data for valuation of these instruments.

Borrowings

The fair value of
the Group’s debt is estimated by discounting future contractual cash flows using appropriate interest rates and credit spreads.
The carrying value of certain other borrowings approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these borrowings. The borrowings
are classified as Level 2 instruments in view of the inputs used like interest rates, yield curves and credit spreads, which are available
from public sources like Reuters, Bloomberg, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income Money Markets & Derivatives
Association of India.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the listing of the fair value by category of financial assets and financial liabilities.

Rupees in million

At March 31, 2023   At March 31, 2022
Carrying value   Estimated fair value   Carrying value   Estimated fair value
Financial assets
Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India   686,489.4   686,489.4   1,096,307.1   1,096,307.1
Balances with banks and money at call and short notice   678,075.5   678,075.5   734,952.8   734,952.8
Investments   6,395,519.7   6,636,987.2   5,670,977.2   6,030,990.1
Advances   10,838,663.2   10,919,209.8   9,203,081.4   9,280,758.0
Other assets   760,213.7   760,213.7   597,430.8   597,430.8
Total   19,358,961.5   19,680,975.6   17,302,749.3   17,740,438.8
Financial liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits   10,450,594.5   10,457,726.0   9,280,366.5   9,324,755.9
Non-interest-bearing deposits   1,657,727.0   1,657,727.0   1,633,291.4   1,633,291.4
Borrowings   1,890,618.1   1,863,193.1   1,616,026.8   1,616,877.2
Other liabilities and provisions   683,368.0   683,368.0   681,328.9   681,328.9
Total   14,682,307.6   14,662,014.1   13,211,013.6   13,256,253.4

F-
113

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

21.

Differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP

The consolidated
financial statements of the Group are prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, which differs in certain significant aspects from U.S.
GAAP.

The following tables
summarize the significant adjustments to consolidated net income and stockholders’ equity which would result from the application
of U.S. GAAP.

1.

 Net income reconciliation

Rupees in million

Note   Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Consolidated profit after tax as per Indian GAAP
    excluding minority interests 1   340,366.4   251,101.0   183,843.2
Adjustments on account of:
Allowance for credit losses   (a)   15,616.7   22,853.5   48,654.4
Business combinations   (b)   177.6   (634.9)   (1,806.2)
Consolidation   (c)   (123,486.7)   248,275.4   6,215.0
Valuation of debt and equity securities   (d)   (138.0)   10,930.7   (11,626.2)
Amortization of fees and costs   (e)   6,525.7   3,925.8   4,298.8
Accounting for derivatives   (f)   (825.7)   53.9   1,328.4
Accounting for compensation costs   (g)   (1,246.8)   (2,270.6)   (4,352.7)
Accounting for securitization   (h)   (24.0)   (532.5)   715.4
Income tax benefit/(expense)   (i)   10,893.6   (21,701.9)   (12,148.5)
Others   (j)   2,134.9   (207.8)   (1,420.9)
Total impact of all adjustments   (90,372.7)   260,691.6   29,857.5
Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   249,993.7   511,792.6   213,700.7
Net income as per U.S. GAAP
    attributable to non-controlling interests 1   10,224.3   13,282.7   20,443.0
Total net income as per U.S. GAAP   260,218.0   525,075.3   234,143.7
Basic earnings per share (Rs.)
Indian GAAP (consolidated)   48.86   36.21   27.26
U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   35.89   73.81   31.69
Diluted earnings per share (Rs.)
Indian GAAP (consolidated)   47.84   35.44   26.83
U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   35.17   72.41   31.23

1.   Profit attributable
                                            to minority interests as per Indian GAAP was Rs. 14,246.7 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 14,281.6
                                            million and March 31, 2021: Rs. 19,796.4 million).

F-
114

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

2.

 Stockholders’ equity reconciliation

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
Note   2023   2022
Consolidated net worth as per Indian GAAP excluding
    minority interests 1   2,144,977.9   1,820,524.9
Adjustments on account of:
Allowance for credit losses   (a)   38,841.3   23,295.9
Business combinations   (b)   29,951.6   29,774.0
Consolidation   (c)   218,840.2   349,733.2
Valuation of debt and equity securities   (d)   (22,407.9)   14,731.2
Amortization of fees and costs   (e)   39,518.2   33,068.2
Accounting for derivatives   (f)   1,055.1   1,880.8
Accounting for compensation costs   (g)   ..   ..
Accounting for securitization   (h)   (1,290.4)   (1,371.7)
Income tax assets/(liabilities)   (i)   31,921.9   11,451.2
Others   (j)   (8,331.5)   (9,654.8)
Total impact of all adjustments   328,098.5   452,908.0
ICICI Bank stockholders’ equity as per U.S. GAAP   2,473,076.4   2,273,432.9
Non-controlling interests 1   18,836.5   16,358.6
Total equity as per U.S. GAAP   2,491,912.9   2,289,791.5

1.   Net worth, representing
                                            capital and reserves and surplus, attributable to minority interests as per Indian GAAP was
                                            Rs. 66,867.5 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 59,808.9 million).

a)   Allowance
                                            for credit losses

The differences in the credit
losses between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP are primarily on account of:

i.   Difference in the credit losses on restructured
                                            assets, including losses on certain loans transferred to asset reconstruction companies not
                                            accounted for as a sale under U.S. GAAP.

ii.   Expected credit losses on commercial
                                            loans based on individual assessment, which do not share similar risk characteristics with
                                            other loans under U.S. GAAP as compared to provisions based on graded provisioning rates
                                            on non-performing loans, subject to minimum provisioning rates prescribed by the Reserve
                                            Bank of India guidelines under Indian GAAP for the Bank.

iii.   Expected credit losses on the loans
                                            sharing similar risk characteristics under U.S. GAAP as compared to prescriptive/graded provisioning,
                                            subject to minimum provisioning rate, as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines under Indian
                                            GAAP for the Bank.

iv.   Expected credit losses on non-cancellable
                                            loan commitments, non-fund exposures and other financial assets under U.S. GAAP as compared
                                            to estimated provision on expected devolvement of guarantees on certain borrowers classified
                                            as non-performing under Indian GAAP for the Bank.

F-
115

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Credit losses on restructured loans, including losses
on certain loans transferred to asset reconstruction companies not accounted for as a sale under U.S. GAAP

Under Indian GAAP,
certain loans restructured by the Bank (excluding loans given for implementation of projects in the infrastructure sector and non-infrastructure
sector and which are delayed up to a specified period and certain other types of loans explained below) by re-scheduling principal repayments
and/or the interest are classified as non-performing as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Provisions as applicable to non-performing
loans, are made on restructured loans. In addition to this, provision for the diminution in fair value of the restructured loans is also
made by the Bank. The diminution in fair value is computed by discounting both sets of cash flows, based on interest rate prior to restructuring
and post restructuring, at the existing rate of interest charged on the loan before the restructuring.

Loans restructured
under specific guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India for Resolution Framework for Covid-19-related Stress and for certain eligible
micro, small and medium enterprises and loans restructured with deferment of date of commencement of commercial operations are not classified
as non-performing under Indian GAAP. The Bank makes provision on these loans subject to minimum requirements as per the Reserve Bank
of India guidelines.

Under U.S. GAAP,
the credit losses for restructured loans are provided for by discounting expected cash flows at originally contracted interest rates.
The credit losses recognized on account of reductions of future interest rates as a part of troubled debt restructurings are accreted
as a credit to the provision for loan losses over the tenor of the restructured loan under U.S. GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, additional credit
losses based on present value of expected cash flows are made for restructured loans, which are not performing as per the restructured
terms.

Under Indian GAAP,
the loan accounts subjected to restructuring are upgraded to the standard category if the borrower demonstrates, over a minimum period
of one year, the ability to repay the loan in accordance with the contractual terms and the borrower gets reinstated to a normal level
of general provisions for standard loans/risk weights for capital adequacy computations. The period of one year is from the commencement
of the first payment of principal or interest whichever was later on the credit facility with the longest period of moratorium under
the restructured terms. The restructured loans can be upgraded to standard category only after satisfactory performance during the ‘specified
period’, that is, the date by which at least certain percentage of the outstanding principal debt as per the resolution plan and
interest capitalization sanctioned as part of the restructuring, if any, is repaid or one year from the commencement of the first payment
of interest or principal on the credit facility with longest period of moratorium under the terms of the resolution plan, whichever is
later. Further, large restructured accounts (accounts where the aggregate exposure of lenders is Rs. 1.00 billion and above) would qualify
for an upgrade if in addition to demonstration of satisfactory payment performance as mentioned above, the loan is rated at investment
grade (BBB- equivalent or better) at the end of the ‘specified period’ by credit rating agencies accredited with the Reserve
Bank of India. However, the process of upgrading under U.S. GAAP is not rule-based and the timing of upgrades may differ across individual
loans.

The Bank transfers certain
loans to borrower specific funds/trusts managed by asset reconstruction companies in exchange for security receipts issued by the funds/trusts,
as part of the strategy for resolution of non-performing assets. The funds/trusts have been set up by the asset reconstruction companies
under enacted debt recovery legislation in India and they aim to improve the recoveries of banks on non-performing assets by aggregating
lender interests and speeding up the enforcement of security interests by lenders. While under Indian GAAP, such transfers are recognized
as a sale, under U.S. GAAP these transfers are not recognized as a sale due to the following reasons:

F-
116

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

• Certain transfers do
not qualify for sale accounting under FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and servicing”, as the Bank retains the risks and rewards
in such transfers.

• Certain transfers were
impacted by FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation – overall”. The funds/trusts to which these loans have been transferred
are variable interest entities within the definition contained in ASC Subtopic 810-10. As the Bank is the ‘Primary Beneficiary’
of certain of these funds/trusts, it is required under U.S. GAAP to consolidate these entities.

Credit losses on commercial loans which do not
share similar risk characteristics

These differences primarily
relate to provisions on non-performing commercial loans under Indian GAAP and credit loss provisions on commercial loans which do not
share similar risk characteristics under U.S. GAAP. This difference arises due to a difference in methodology applied to calculate the
credit losses under U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, non-performing
loans are classified into three categories: sub-standard assets, doubtful assets and loss assets. A loan is classified as sub-standard
if interest payments or installments have remained overdue for more than 90 days. A provision of 15.0% is required for all sub-standard
loans. An additional provision of 10.0% is required for accounts that are unsecured from the time of origination. A loan is classified
as a doubtful loan if it has remained sub-standard for more than twelve months or if the value of security charged to the Bank has eroded
and fallen below 50% of the outstanding loan. A 100% provision/write-off is required with respect to the unsecured portion of the doubtful
loans. A 100% provision is required for the secured portion of loans classified as doubtful for more than three years and is recorded
in a graded manner as the three-year period occurs. A loan is classified as a loss asset if the losses on it are identified or the loan
is considered uncollectible. For loans classified as a loss, the entire loan is required to be provided for. In accordance with regulatory
package announced by the Reserve Bank of India, consequent to outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic, the Bank extended the option of payment
of moratorium on loans to its borrowers. The moratorium period, wherever granted, was excluded from the determination of number of days
past-due for the purpose of asset classification as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Under U.S. GAAP, commercial
loans representing significant individual credit exposures (both funded and non-funded), are individually evaluated to ascertain if they
share similar risk characteristics, based on the ability of the borrower to repay the contractual amounts due to the Bank, including
considerations of both quantitative and qualitative criteria such as the account conduct, future prospects, repayment history and financial
performance. The credit losses for commercial loans, ascertained to not share the similar risk characteristics, are estimated on an individual
basis and are based on either the present value of expected future cash flows or in case of a collateral dependent loan, the net realizable
value of the collateral net of cost to sell, if any.

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
holds specific provisions on certain performing commercial loans and advances based on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines/direction.

Under Indian GAAP, accounts
where the Bank had invoked/implemented strategic debt restructuring under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines were classified as non-performing.
Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank opted for fair value option for accounting these loans at fair value through income statement under ASC Subtopic
825-10 “Financial Instruments”.
See also– 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial interests.

Under Indian GAAP, any contractual
amount due from the counter-party under derivative contracts, if not collected within 90 days, is required to be reversed through income
statement under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under U.S. GAAP, these receivables are analyzed to identify the required credit
losses in the same manner as individual credit exposures.

F-
117

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Credit losses on loans sharing similar risk
characteristics

Commercial loans

Credit losses on commercial
loans sharing similar risk characteristics primarily relate to performing commercial loans.

Under Indian GAAP, the allowances
on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning requirement is a uniform rate
of 0.4% for all standard assets except –

·   Small
                                            and micro enterprise sectors, which attract a provisioning requirement of 0.25%,

·   Advances
                                            to commercial real estate residential and non-residential sectors which attract a provisioning
                                            requirement of 0.75% and 1.0% respectively,

As per the guidelines issued
by the Reserve Bank of India, additional general provision between 0.0%-0.8% is made on outstanding amounts to entities having unhedged
foreign currency exposure. The provision range is based on percentage of likely loss due to unhedged foreign currency exposure to their
earnings before interest, depreciation and lease rentals, if any. As per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the Bank
also makes additional general provision on loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors and on incremental exposure to borrowers
identified as per the Reserve Bank of India’s large exposure framework.

Under U.S. GAAP, credit losses
on the commercial loans sharing similar risk characteristics are accounted on a collective basis. The segmentation for the commercial
loans is based on risk characteristics such as customer type, risk rating and delinquency status. The collective assessment begins with
a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation covers expected credit
losses over an instrument’s expected life and is estimated by applying probability of default and loss given default. Based on
historical default rates, the probabilities of default are derived using a macro-economic scenario over a reasonable and supportable
forecast period. The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion to the long run historical information.
The forecasts take into consideration the Group’s economic outlook based on internal as well as external inputs and involve a governance
process that incorporates feedback from senior management.

Consumer loans

Credit losses on consumer
loans sharing similar risk characteristics primarily relate to homogenous small balance loans including both performing and non-performing
consumer loans under Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, the provision
on non-performing consumer loans is made at a pre-determined rate, subject to minimum provision as required under the Reserve Bank of
India guidelines. The provision on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning
requirement is a uniform rate of 0.4% for all standard assets except

·   Farm
                                            credit to agriculture and home loan upto a certain amount which attract a provisioning requirement
                                            of 0.25%,

·   Advances
                                            to commercial real estate residential and non-residential sectors which attract a provisioning
                                            requirement of 0.75% and 1.0% respectively

F-
118

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Under U.S. GAAP, credit losses
on the consumer loans sharing similar risk characteristics are accounted for on collective basis. The segmentation for the consumer loans
is based on risk characteristics such as product type, delinquency status, credit scores, and vintage. For agriculture loans, a further
segmentation of risk characteristics is also carried out based on direct and indirect agriculture lending categories. The collective
assessment begins with a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation
covers expected credit losses over an instrument’s expected life and is estimated by applying probability of default and loss given
default. Based on historical default rates, the probabilities of default are derived using a macro-economic scenario over a reasonable
and supportable forecast period. The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion to the long run historical
information. The forecasts take into consideration the Group’s economic outlook based on internal as well as external inputs and
involve a governance process that incorporates feedback from senior management.

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank,
on prudent basis, has made contingency provision due to the economic and geopolitical uncertainties. Under US GAAP, the Group makes adjustments
to appropriately address these economic circumstances over and above the model output by increasing the probability of default estimates
based on management judgement.

Credit losses on undrawn commitments, non-fund
exposures and other debt securities

Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank
records a liability for credit losses on non-cancellable undrawn commitments by the Group and non-fund exposures to its borrowers based
on the life time expected losses. The credit losses are estimated in accordance with the ASC Topic 326, “Financial Instruments
– Credit losses”.

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
makes estimated provision on guarantees, above a certain threshold, to its borrowers classified as non-performing based on an assessment
of expected devolvement.

Under Indian GAAP, the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines do not specify the conditions under which the assets may be written-off. The Bank has internal policies for
charge off of non-performing loans against loan loss allowances. Commercial loans, are generally charged off against allowances when,
based on a borrower-specific evaluation of the possibility of further recovery, the Bank concludes that the balance cannot be collected.
The Bank evaluates whether a balance can be collected based on the realizable value of collateral, the results of the Bank’s past
recovery efforts, the possibility of recovery through legal recourse and the possibility of recovery through settlement.

Small-balance homogenous loans
are generally charged off against allowances after predefined periods of delinquency, as follows:

•   Mortgage loans: 3 years of continuous
                                            delinquency

•   Other consumer loans: 6 months of continuous
                                            delinquency

The same criteria
are used for charge off of impaired loans under U.S. GAAP.

F-
119

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the difference in aggregate expected credit losses between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP attributable to the above
reconciling items.

Rupees
in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Differences due to expected credit losses on commercial loans classified as troubled
    debt restructuring under U.S. GAAP (includes cases transferred to asset reconstruction company)   (4,357.5)   (2,979.5)   4,185.6
Differences due to expected credit losses on commercial loans evaluated on individual basis   (8,536.9)   5,868.8   13,788.7
Differences due to expected credit losses on loans evaluated on collective basis   31,333.3   8,963.6   30,275.1
Differences due to expected credit losses on undrawn commitments,
    non-fund exposures and other financial assets   (2,822.2)   11,000.6   405.0
15,616.7   22,835.5   48,654.4

See note on 22 (f) Loans
for detailed discussion on allowance for credit loss. See note on "Consolidated Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated
financial statements - Schedule 9 - Advances" for Indian GAAP balance sheet presentation.

b)   Business
                                            combinations

The differences arising due
to business combinations are primarily on account of:

i)   Accounting for intangible assets and goodwill; and

ii)   Acquisition of control due to lapse of minority substantive participating
                                            rights in acquiree

During fiscal 2011, ICICI
Bank Limited acquired Bank of Rajasthan Limited through exchange of common stock. The acquisition of Bank of Rajasthan Limited was accounted
for under Indian GAAP as per the Reserve Bank of India approved scheme of merger. Under Indian GAAP, the purchase consideration was determined
based on the paid-up value of common stock issued. Under U.S. GAAP, the purchase consideration was determined as the fair value of total
consideration transferred, based on ASC Topic 805, “Business Combinations”. The impact of this relating to the accounting
of business combinations, resulted in an increase in reconciliation differences of Rs. 32,682.7 million in stockholders’ equity
reconciliation in fiscal 2011. Under U.S. GAAP, goodwill of Rs. 27,120.9 million and definite life intangible assets of Rs.3,898.0 million
were recorded as per ASC 805, “Business Combinations”, and FASB ASC Topic 350, “Intangibles – Goodwill and others”.
Under Indian GAAP, no goodwill and intangible assets were recognized as per scheme of merger approved by the Reserve Bank of India. Intangibles
recognized under U.S. GAAP due to the above business combinations have been fully amortized.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited, a general insurance company, was established as a joint venture, which allowed substantive participating rights to a
minority shareholder. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank had been accounting for its investment in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
as an equity affiliate. During fiscal 2018, the joint venture agreement was terminated, resulting in the Bank acquiring control in ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited without transferring any additional consideration. Under U.S. GAAP, this transaction was accounted
using acquisition method for business combination under “ASC Subtopic 805-10, Business Combination – Overall”. Under
U.S. GAAP, goodwill was determined by deducting the fair value of net assets acquired from the fair value of equity interest held by
the Bank and fair value of minority interest. Accordingly, goodwill of Rs. 142,896.9 million and intangibles of Rs. 15,553.0 million
were recorded under U.S. GAAP. The goodwill was allocated to the General insurance segment of the Group. Under Indian GAAP, no specific
accounting was required for termination of the above joint venture agreement. During fiscal 2022, the Bank’s holding in ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited has reduced below 50.0% and it ceased to be a subsidiary under ASC Topic 810-Consolidation. Accordingly,
the goodwill and unamortized intangibles were de-recognized during fiscal 2022.

F-
120

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Further, for certain other
acquisitions made by the Group, no goodwill and intangibles have been accounted for under Indian GAAP primarily due to accounting for
the amalgamation by the pooling of interest method, determination of acquirer for accounting or as per scheme of merger approved by the
Reserve Bank of India. However, under U.S. GAAP, goodwill has been accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, “Business
Combinations”.

Under U.S. GAAP in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 350, the Group does not amortize goodwill and intangibles with infinite life but instead tests the same for impairment
at least annually. The annual impairment test under ASC Topic 350 does not indicate an impairment loss for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021.

Under U.S. GAAP intangible
assets with finite useful life are amortized over their estimated useful lives in proportion to the economic benefits consumed in each
period.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for business combinations under Indian GAAP and U.S.
GAAP.

Rupees
in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Amortization of intangibles   ..   (704.1)   (1,813.7)
Others   177.6   69.2   7.5
Total difference in business combinations   177.6   (634.9)   (1,806.2)

c)   Consolidation

The differences on account
of consolidation are primarily on account of:

1.   Consolidation of life insurance subsidiary;

2.   Deconsolidation of former general insurance
                                            subsidiary

3.   Equity affiliates and majority owned subsidiaries;
                                            and

4.   Consolidation of variable interest entities.

Under Indian GAAP, consolidation
is required only if there is ownership of more than one-half of the voting power of an enterprise or control of the composition of the
Board of Directors in the case of a company or of the composition of the governing body in case of any other enterprise. Under Indian
GAAP, our life insurance subsidiary (ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited) is consolidated on line-by-line basis. Under U.S.
GAAP, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is accounted for by the equity method of accounting as the minority shareholders
have substantive participating rights as defined in ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation – Overall”.

In accordance with the Scheme
of Arrangement between ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited (ICICI General) and Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited,
as approved by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (with effect from September 8, 2021), assets and liabilities of
Bharti AXA’s general insurance business vested with ICICI General on the Appointed Date of April 1, 2020. ICICI General issued
two fully paid up equity shares to the shareholders of Bharti AXA for every 115 fully paid up equity shares. Subsequent to issuance of
equity shares to Bharti AXA shareholders, the Bank’s shareholding in ICICI General reduced to below 50.0%. Accordingly, the Bank
has accounted its investment in ICICI General as an associate under Accounting Standard – 23 – “Accounting for Investments
in Associates” in consolidated financial statements with effect from April 1, 2021 under Indian GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, ICICI General
was consolidated on line-by-line basis till September 7, 2021, and was accounted as an affiliate with effect from September 8, 2021,
the date of loss of control. Under Indian GAAP, the retained interest in ICICI General was accounted at carrying value. Under U.S. GAAP,
the retained interest in the ICICI General was fair valued on the date of loss of control based on the closing quoted price of the common
stock of ICICI General in the stock exchange. This resulted in a gain of Rs. 254,998.1 million on deconsolidation. On the date of deconsolidation,
in accordance with the requirements of FASB ASC Topics 323 and 805, the Bank carried out a preliminary purchase price allocation of carrying
value of investment in ICICI General. During fiscal 2022, given the complexity involved in the identification and measurement of the
intangibles, the determination of final values of intangibles was underway and was planned to be completed within the permitted measurement
period as per the aforementioned requirements. The determination of final values of intangibles was concluded during fiscal 2023 (within
the prescribed timelines), accordingly, the Bank’s share in identified intangibles was valued at Rs. 14,982.6 million and Goodwill
amounted at Rs. 288,806.9 million. During fiscal 2023, considering the significant and continuous decline in market price of equity shares
of ICICI General, the Bank has recognized an impairment loss of Rs. 122,012.3 million.

F-
121

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for consolidation under Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees
in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Profit/(loss) as per U.S. GAAP for life insurance subsidiary   11,412.9   (1,758.2)   21,327.4
Less: Profit/(loss) as per Indian GAAP for life insurance subsidiary   8,134.9   7,592.0   9,561.6
Net reconciliation difference for life insurance
    subsidiary 1   3,278.0   (9,350.2)   11,765.8
Profit/(loss) from life insurance subsidiary attributable to the Group 2   1,700.2   (4,780.5)   6,000.8
Profit on deconsolidation of former general insurance subsidiary   ..   254,998.1 3   ..
Profit/(loss) from equity affiliates and majority owned subsidiaries   (3,179.4) 4   (1,932.8) 4   ..
Impairment loss on investment in equity affiliate…   (122,012.3)
Profit/(loss) on consolidation of variable interest entities and special purpose
    entities   4.8   (9.3)   214.2
Total differences in consolidation   (123,486.7)   248,275.4   6,215.0

1.   Represents
                                            total differences in profit/(loss) between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for life insurance subsidiary.
                                            See also- 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Insurance affiliates.

2.   Represents
                                            the Group’s share of profit/(loss) in “Net reconciliation difference for life
                                            insurance subsidiary” and excludes the share of non-controlling interest holders. The
                                            Group owns part, not all, of the life insurance subsidiary. As such, only a portion of “Net
                                            reconciliation difference for life insurance subsidiary” is attributable to the Group;
                                            the rest is attributable to non-controlling interest holders. The share attributable to the
                                            Group constitutes the “Profit/(loss) from life insurance subsidiary attributable to
                                            the Group.” Reconciling items pertaining to significant differences between Indian
                                            GAAP and U.S. GAAP for life insurance affiliate are discussed separately below.

3.   Represents
                                            gain on fair valuation of retained investment in General insurance affiliate.

4.   Represents
                                            the Group’s share in difference in profit/(loss) between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP
                                            for General insurance affiliate and amortization of intangibles. See also- 22. Notes under
                                            U.S. GAAP – Insurance affiliates.

Profit/(loss) on consolidation of Variable
Interest Entities

The Bank has consolidated
certain qualified special purpose entities used for securitization transactions, effective April 1, 2010 on adoption of FAS 167 (codified
within ASC 810-10). Upon consolidation, the assets of the qualifying special purpose entities were incorporated into the Bank’s
loan portfolio and the amounts received from the investors were accounted for as borrowings. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank accounts for the
allowance for loan losses on these loans based on expected credit loss.

F-
122

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Under Indian GAAP, securitized
assets are derecognized from the Bank’s books. In accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines for securitization, for
securitization transactions entered into after February 1, 2006, the Bank accounted for any losses immediately at the time of securitization
but amortized any profits over the life of the securities issued or to be issued by the qualifying special purpose entities. As per the
Reserve Bank of India guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, gain realized at the time of securitization of loans is accounted through
profit and loss account on completion of transaction. The unrealized gains, associated with expected future margin income is recognized
in profit and loss account only when redeemed in cash, after absorbing losses, if any. The Bank also provides credit enhancement to the
qualifying special purpose entities against delinquencies on securitized assets. Under Indian GAAP, the recognition of losses is based
on the extent of utilization of credit enhancement extended to qualifying special purpose entities.

Due to these differences in
the Bank’s accounting of securitization transactions, the timing of recognition of income and provision for loan losses differ
under U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP.

d)   Valuation
                                            of debt and equity securities

Under Indian GAAP unrealized
losses of held for trading and available for sale securities are taken to profit and loss account. Under Indian GAAP, net unrealized
gains on investments by category are ignored. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on trading debt assets are recognized in the
profit and loss account and unrealized gains or losses on debt securities classified as ‘available for sale’, which include
all securities classified as ‘held to maturity’ under Indian GAAP, are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income under stockholders’
equity except for the unrealized losses on securities identified as impaired which are recognized in profit and loss account. Under U.S.
GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on equity securities are recognized in profit and loss account. Under Indian GAAP, the investments are
initially measured at transaction cost, while under U.S. GAAP investments are initially measured at fair value.

Under Indian GAAP, the impact
of currency revaluation on debt securities denominated in foreign currency is taken to profit and loss account. Under U.S. GAAP, the
impact of currency revaluation on non-hedged ‘available for sale’ debt securities denominated in foreign currency is taken
to Other Comprehensive Income.

Under Indian GAAP, premium
over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate securities under held to maturity category is amortized over the remaining period
to maturity on an effective constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. Any premium over the face value of fixed rate
and floating rate investments in government securities classified under available for sale category is amortized over the remaining period
to maturity on constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. Under U.S. GAAP, the income as per interest method is arrived
at by amortization/accrual of premium/discount on the face value of debt securities over the remaining period to maturity on an effective
interest rate basis.

Under Indian GAAP, gain or
loss on sale of equity stake in a subsidiary company is recognized in the income statement. Under U.S. GAAP, change in the parent’s
ownership in the subsidiary company is accounted as an equity transaction, if the parent retains controlling financial interest in the
subsidiary and accordingly gain or loss is not recognized in the income statement. In fiscal 2021, the Bank sold part of its equity shareholdings
in its subsidiaries, namely ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company and ICICI Securities Limited, while retaining the control in these
subsidiaries. While, gains on sale of equity shares were recorded through profit and loss account under Indian GAAP, these gains were
accounted in equity under U.S. GAAP.

F-
123

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

In fiscal 2016, the Reserve
Bank of India issued guidelines on strategic debt restructuring under which conversion of debt into equity and acquisition of ownership
interests in the borrower by banks is allowed. The Reserve Bank of India has exempted banks from consolidation of these entities. Under
U.S. GAAP, these entities were considered as equity affiliates. The Bank opted for fair value option of these equity affiliates under
ASC Topic 825 “Financial Instruments”. Accordingly, fair value changes in the loans, guarantees and equity shares were accounted
through income statement. While fair value impact on loans was recorded in the line item “Valuation of debt and equity securities”,
the provisions made on these loans under Indian GAAP were reversed in the line item “Allowance for loan losses”.
See also–
22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial interests.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for valuation of debt and equity securities under Indian
GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees
in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Impact of differences in mark-to-market accounting for investment securities   7,917.9   9,323.9   887.8
Impairment allowance on AFS securities under U.S. GAAP   (2,291.6)   (2,114.9)   (2,067.4)
Impact of currency revaluation on non-hedged AFS debt securities denominated in foreign currency
    accounted for in profit and loss under Indian GAAP, which is accounted for in Other Comprehensive Income under U.S. GAAP   (549.5)   176.0   (571.1)
Impact of gain on sale of stake in subsidiary companies recognized in the income statement under
    Indian GAAP, which is recognized as an equity transaction under U.S. GAAP   ..   ..   (25,726.7)
Impact of fair value accounting for financial interest in certain equity affiliates   (754.5)   5,156.8   5,738.4
Others 1   (4,460.3)   (1,611.1)   10,112.8
Total   (138.0)   10,930.7   (11,626.2)

1.   The
                                            difference is primarily due to premium/discount amortization on debt securities and difference
                                            in gain on debt securities sold during the year, between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP. Under
                                            U.S. GAAP, available for sale debt securities include all securities classified as ‘held
                                            to maturity’ under Indian GAAP, which amounts to a loss of Rs.5,104.8 million for fiscal
                                            2023 (for fiscal 2022 a loss of Rs. 3,637.2 million, for fiscal 2021 a gain of Rs. 8,767.8
                                            million). First-In-First-Out method of accounting is applied on aggregate ‘available
                                            for sale’ securities under U.S. GAAP, resulting in difference in realized gain/(loss)
                                            on sale of securities between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

See note on "Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 8 - Investments" for Indian GAAP balance sheet
presentation.

e)   Amortization
                                            of fees and costs

Loan origination fees and
costs

Under U.S. GAAP, loan origination
fees (net of certain costs) are amortized over the period of the loans as an adjustment to the yield on the loan. However, under Indian
GAAP, loan origination fees are accounted for upfront. Also under Indian GAAP, loan origination costs, including commissions paid to
direct marketing agents, are expensed in the year in which they are incurred.

F-
124

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP, all actuarial
gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit in the
profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income. Subsequently
cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10% corridor is amortized through profit
and loss account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality fixed income securities
in U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on government securities under Indian GAAP.

Reinsurance commission and deferred acquisition
costs

Under Indian GAAP, reinsurance
commission on business ceded by general insurance subsidiary is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk. Under U.S.
GAAP, proceeds from reinsurance transactions that represent recovery of acquisition costs are reduced from acquisition costs in such
a manner that net acquisition costs are capitalized and charged to expense in proportion to net revenue recognized over the related policy
period.

Under Indian GAAP, acquisition
costs for new and renewal of insurance contracts in general insurance subsidiary are charged as expense to the revenue account in the
year in which these are incurred, whereas under U.S. GAAP, the same are capitalized and charged to expense in proportion to premium revenue
recognized as per ASC Topic 944 “Financial Services-Insurance”.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for amortization of fees and costs under Indian GAAP
and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees
in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Loan origination fees and costs   5,382.0   6,425.0   4,345.2
Retirement benefit costs   1,232.4   (2,021.2)   (1,679.8)
Reinsurance commission and deferred acquisition costs   ..   (319.7) 2   1,835.0
Amortization of other costs   (88.7)   (158.3)   (201.6)
Total differences in amortization
    of fees and costs 1   6,525.7   3,925.8   4,298.8

1.   Does
                                            not include any amount that is attributable to non-controlling interest holders.

2.   Represents
                                            difference in net income of former general insurance subsidiary upto September 7, 2021

The amortization of loan origination
fees and costs resulted in higher income under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, primarily due to higher direct loan origination
costs on consumer loans incurred during these years reflecting growth in consumer loans.

While under Indian GAAP, actuarial
gain or loss are recognized in profit and loss account, under U.S. GAAP, the actuarial gain/loss are recognized through other comprehensive
income and thereafter amortized through profit and loss account. The actuarial loss for fiscal 2023 recognized through other comprehensive
income were higher as compared to amortization of actuarial losses for previous years from other comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP,
resulting in retirement benefit costs being lower under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2023 as compared to Indian GAAP. During fiscal 2022, there
was higher amortization of actuarial losses from other comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP, resulting in retirement benefit costs being
higher under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP.

See note on "Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 9 – Advances" for balance sheet presentation
of amortization of loan processing fees and cost.

F-
125

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

f)   Accounting
                                            for derivatives

Under Indian GAAP, the Group
hedges interest rate and exchange rate risks on some on-balance sheet assets and liabilities through swap contracts. The impact of such
derivative instruments is correlated with the movement of underlying assets and liabilities and accounted pursuant to the principles
of the hedge accounting. Under Indian GAAP, based on the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines, accounting for hedge relationship
established after June 26, 2019 by the Bank, is based on Guidance note on Accounting for Derivative Contracts issued by Institute of
Chartered Accountant of India. The hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) are measured at fair value with
changes recognized in the profit and loss account. For hedge relationship established before June 26, 2019, the accounting is based on
accrual basis. To the extent a cash flow hedge is effective, the change in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recognized in
cash flow hedge reserve. The ineffective portion of hedge is accounted in profit and loss account. The premium/discount on certain foreign
currency swaps, used for asset liability management purposes, is amortized over the life of the swap. All other outstanding forward exchange
contracts are revalued and the resultant gains or losses are recognized in the profit and loss account.

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
accounts for its derivative transactions in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815 “Derivatives and Hedging”.
Accordingly, certain derivative contracts classified as hedges under Indian GAAP may not qualify as hedges under U.S. GAAP and are accounted
for as trading derivatives with changes in fair value being recorded in the income statement. Under U.S. GAAP, the Group does not designate
any derivative transaction as cash flow hedge.

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
has designated certain derivatives as fair value hedges of certain interest bearing assets and liabilities under ASC Topic 815. At the
inception of a hedge transaction, the Group formally documents the hedge relationship and the risk management objective and strategy
for undertaking the hedge. This process includes identification of the hedging instrument, hedged item, risk being hedged and the methodology
for assessing effectiveness and measuring ineffectiveness of hedge. In addition, the Group assesses both at the inception of the hedge
and on an ongoing basis, whether the hedge instrument used in the hedging transaction is effective in offsetting changes in fair value
of the hedged item, and whether the hedge is expected to continue to be highly effective. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that
is designated and qualifies as a fair value hedge, along with the gain or loss on the hedged asset or liability are recorded in the income
statement. The Group has also designated certain forward contracts as hedging instruments for its certain net investments in foreign
operations which are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 815.

g)   Accounting
                                            for compensation cost

FASB ASC Topic 718, “Compensation
– stock compensation” requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options to be recognized
in the income statement based on their fair values. Under Indian GAAP, till fiscal 2021, the Group followed the intrinsic value method
to account for its stock-based employees’ compensation plans. Compensation cost was measured by the excess, if any, of the fair
market price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on the grant date. In fiscal 2022, Reserve Bank of India, issued a clarification
advising banks to recognize fair value of share-linked instruments granted subsequent to March 31, 2021 in income statement. Accordingly,
from fiscal 2022 onwards, the Bank has started recognizing the fair value of stock options granted subsequent to March 31, 2021 in profit
and loss account. The Group has not recognized an income tax benefit on employee stock options related compensation cost.

F-
126

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

h)   Accounting
                                            for securitization

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
accounts for gain on sale of loans securitized at the time of sale in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and Servicing”.
As per ASC Topic 860, any gain or loss on the sale of the financial asset is accounted for in the income statement at the time of the
sale. Under Indian GAAP, net income arising from securitization of loan assets is accounted for over the life of the securities issued
or to be issued by the special purpose vehicle/special purpose entity to which the assets are sold. The profit/premium arising from securitization
is amortized over the life of the transaction based on the method prescribed by Reserve Bank of India. As per the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, gain realized at the time of securitization of loans is accounted through profit and loss account
on completion of transaction. The unrealized gains, associated with expected future margin income is recognized in profit and loss account
only when redeemed in cash, after absorbing losses, if any. Net loss arising on account of the sell-down securitization of loan assets
is recognized at the time of sale.

Further, the securitization
transactions of mortgage loans by the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary do not qualify as sale transactions as they do not meet the de-recognition
criteria under Indian GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, these securitization transactions have been accounted for as transfers as these satisfy
the derecognition criteria under ASC Topic 860 “Transfers and Servicing”.

Under ASC Topic 860 “Transfers
and Servicing”, certain securitization transactions, which qualify as transfer under Indian GAAP, do not qualify as transfer under
U.S. GAAP. See note 22 (a) on “Securitizations and variable interest entities”.

i)   Income
                                            taxes

Deferred taxes are recognized
on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates, subject to limited exceptions, under U.S. GAAP
while under Indian GAAP, no deferred taxes are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and
affiliates.

The Bank has recognized current
tax expense or benefit and recognized deferred tax assets or liabilities on the foreign currency translation reserves pertaining to its
overseas branches under Indian GAAP with these offsetting amounts allocated to net income. Under U.S. GAAP, no deferred tax assets or
liabilities are recognized on undistributed earnings of overseas branches where current taxes have been incurred and the current tax
expense or benefit incurred has been allocated to Other Comprehensive Income.

Under Indian GAAP, deferred
tax assets on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses of domestic companies are recognized only if there is virtual certainty
of realization of such assets, whereas under U.S. GAAP they are recognized based on a more-likely-than-not criteria.

The Bank and its housing finance
subsidiary create a Special Reserve through appropriation of profits from time to time and receive the current tax benefit as per the
Income Tax Act, 1961 for the appropriation. If the funds are withdrawn from the Special Reserve in future periods, the amount withdrawn
is taxable. Under Indian GAAP, a deferred tax liability has been recognized on such Special Reserve in accordance with the guidelines
issued by Reserve Bank of India/National Housing Bank. Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are recognized and measured based on the expected
manner of recovery and deferred taxes are not recognized if the expected manner of recovery does not give rise to income tax consequences.
Accordingly, a deferred tax liability was not recognized under U.S. GAAP on the Special Reserve based on the Group’s continuing
intention to not withdraw or utilize such Special Reserve until a liquidation of the entity and on an opinion from the legal counsel
about the non–taxability of such Special Reserve in the scenario of a liquidation.

Under Indian GAAP, no deferred
tax asset is recognized on property and equipment, which is not depreciable for income tax purposes. Under U.S. GAAP, a deferred tax
asset is recognized for the temporary difference related to such assets including consideration of the indexation benefit available under
tax laws.

F-
127

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the income tax impact of the non-tax adjustments that result from the application of U.S. GAAP.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the adjustments to income tax (expense)/benefit in the net income reconciliation.

Rupees
in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Deferred tax on temporary differences related to subsidiaries,
    branches and affiliates 1,2   (2,139.4)   9,340.1   3,676.7
Deferred tax on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses 3   (2,007.0)   2,168.3   (156.4)
Deferred tax on Special Reserve   6,580.8   3,669.5   2,743.2
Deferred tax on temporary difference on property and equipment   (117.4)   48.4   36.3
Income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments   8,576.6   (36,928.2)   (18,448.3)
Total differences in income taxes benefit/(expense)   10,893.6   (21,701.9)   (12,148.5)

1.   For the
                                            year ended March 31, 2022, tax effect of Rs.8,247.7 million was recognized for the existing
                                            deductible temporary difference for the Bank’s investment in ICICI General as it ceased
                                            to be a subsidiary and became an affiliate.

2.   For
                                            the year ended March 31, 2021, tax effect of Rs. (1,363.7) million on gain on sale of equity
                                            shares of the Bank’s subsidiaries (where control is retained) is accounted in equity
                                            under U.S. GAAP.

3.   For
                                            the year ended March 31, 2021, tax effect of Rs. (983.2) million on gain on sale of equity
                                            shares of the Bank’s subsidiaries (where control is retained) is accounted in equity
                                            under U.S. GAAP.

At March 31, 2023, the stockholders’
equity was higher by Rs. 31,921.9 million (March 31, 2022: higher by Rs. 11,451.2 million), under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP
on account of income tax adjustments, of which Rs. 31,987.1 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 32,793.4 million) was due to deferred tax on
temporary differences related to branches and affiliates, Rs. 615.1 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1,245.6 million) was due to deferred
taxes not being recognized under U.S. GAAP related to foreign currency translation reserves pertaining to overseas branches, Rs. 1,413.8
million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 3,420.7 million) was due to deferred tax on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses, Rs. 36,865.1
million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 31,118.7 million) was due to deferred tax on Special Reserve, Rs. 500.2 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 617.7
million) was due to deferred tax on temporary difference on property and equipment and Rs. (39,459.3) million (March 31, 2022: Rs. (57,744.9)
million) was due to the income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments.

See note on "Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 18A - Notes forming part of the accounts - 9. Deferred
tax" for Indian GAAP presentation.

j)   Others

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
and its housing finance subsidiary have revalued fixed assets and created a revaluation reserve amounting to Rs. 30,918.4 million at
March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: Rs. 32,285.0 million). Under U.S. GAAP, fixed assets are recognized on cost basis, as per ASC Topic 360
– Property, Plant and Equipment. Further, additional depreciation has been charged to income statement on revalued amount under
Indian GAAP, but not under U.S. GAAP, resulting in lower depreciation charge by Rs. 755.2 million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian
GAAP for the year ended March 31, 2023 (Rs. 703.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2022 and Rs. 680.3 million for the year ended
March 31, 2021).

F-
128

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
has made provisions on certain fixed assets acquired in debt asset swap arrangements as per the direction of Reserve Bank of India. Under
U.S. GAAP, these fixed assets were carried at book value or fair value, whichever is lower. There was a higher profit of Rs. 1,216.2
million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for the year ended March 31, 2023 (lower profit of Rs. 1,476.8 million for the year
ended March 31, 2022 and lower profit of Rs. 1,923.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2021).

22.   Notes under U.S. GAAP

Additional information
required under U.S. GAAP

a)   Securitizations
                                            and variable interest entities

Overview

The Bank and its subsidiaries
are involved with several types of off-balance-sheet arrangements, including special purpose entities.

Uses of Special Purpose Entities

The Group deals with some
special purpose entities which were created to fulfill limited purposes as specified in their governing documents. The primary purpose
of these special purpose entities is to receive contributions from investors for buying assets from the transferor, hold such purchased
assets on behalf of the contributors to the trust and making regular payments to the investors from the proceeds of purchased assets.
These special purpose entities have been organized mainly in the legal forms of trusts. In a securitization, the company transferring
assets to a special purpose entity converts all (or a portion) of those assets into cash before they would have been realized in the
normal course of business, through the special purpose entities issuance of debt and equity instruments, certificates, commercial paper
and other notes of indebtedness, which are recorded on the balance sheet of the special purpose entity and not reflected in the transferring
company’s balance sheet, assuming applicable accounting requirements are satisfied. Investors usually have recourse to the assets
in the special purpose entity and often benefit from other credit enhancements, such as a collateral account or over-collateralization
in the form of excess assets in the special purpose entity, a line of credit, or from a liquidity facility, such as liquidity put option
or asset purchase agreement. In accordance with ASC 810-10, the Group consolidates these entities.

Variable Interest Entities

Variable interest entities
are entities that have either a total equity investment that is not sufficient to finance its activities without additional subordinated
financial support, or whose equity investors lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest (i.e. power through voting
rights or similar rights to direct the activities of a legal entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance
and right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity or obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity). Investors
that finance the variable interest entity through debt or equity interests or other counterparties that provide other forms of support,
such as guarantees, subordinated fee arrangements, or certain types of derivative contracts, are variable interest holders in the entity.
The variable interest holder, if any, that has a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity is deemed to be the primary
beneficiary and must consolidate the variable interest entity. Accordingly, the Group has determined that it has a controlling financial
interest because it is the primary beneficiary of certain trusts and entities, based on its determination that it has both, the power
to direct activities of a variable interest entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, and obligation
to absorb losses of the variable interest entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity or the right to
receive benefits from the variable interest entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity.

F-
129

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth
the Group’s involvement with consolidated and unconsolidated variable interest entities in which the Group holds significant variable
interests at March 31, 2023.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Mortgaged backed securitizations (funded)
Significant investment in unconsolidated variable interest entities   ..   ..
Investment in consolidated variable interest entities   1,425.8   1,425.8
Total investment in variable interest entity assets (gross assets)   1,425.8   1,425.8

The asset balances for consolidated
variable interest entities represent the carrying amounts of the assets consolidated by the Group. The carrying amount may represent
the amortized cost or the current fair value of the assets depending on the legal form of the asset (e.g., loan or security) and the
Group’s standard accounting policies for the asset type and line of business. The assets of variable interest entities can be utilized
only for the settlement of the obligations of respective variable interest entities.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the carrying amounts and classification of the consolidated assets and liabilities, in respect of variable
interest entities and special purpose entities where the Group is primary beneficiary. The liabilities of the consolidated variable interest
entities are to be met from the proceeds of the consolidated assets and other support provided by the Bank in the form of credit enhancements
and liquidity facilities. The creditors of the consolidated variable interest entities do not have recourse to the general credit of
the Group
.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   At March 31,  2023   At March 31,  2022
Investments   228.8   232.7
Loans   1,537.8   1,802.1
Total assets   1,766.6   2,034.8
Borrowings   334.0   409.2
Total liabilities   334.0   409.2

The Bank invests in pass through
certificates of securitization trusts with underlying retail loans originated by other entities. The carrying value of such investments
was Rs. 98,737.3 million at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022: Rs. 58,674.1 million). The Bank is not the primary beneficiary of these trusts
based on its assessment under ASC Subtopic 810-10 - Consolidation – overall. Further, neither was the Bank the transferor of assets
to these variable interest entities, nor was the Bank involved in the design of these variable interest entities. The maximum exposure
to loss from the Bank’s involvement in these trusts is the carrying value of the investments.

b)   Fair
                                            value accounting of financial interests

In fiscal 2016, the Reserve
Bank of India issued guidelines on strategic debt restructuring under which conversion of debt into equity and acquisition of ownership
interests in the borrower entity by banks was allowed. The Bank, along with other lenders, converted a portion of its loans to certain
entities into equity as per this guideline. Such conversion also allowed each lender, the right to nominate directors on the Board of
the borrower entity. Although these entities were considered as equity affiliates under ASC Subtopic 323-10 because of deemed significant
influence due to ownership interests and management rights, the intention of the Bank was to safeguard the debt recovery and not to get
an economic benefit from the operations of these entities. Accordingly, the Bank opted for fair value option for accounting these affiliates
and the loans, guarantees and equity share investments in these entities were fair valued through income statement under ASC Subtopic
825-10 “Financial Instruments”.

F-
130

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table, for the
periods indicated, provides details of fair value accounting of financial interests

Rupees
in million

Particulars   At March 31, 2023   At March 31, 2022
Carrying value
    of loans and guarantees 1   19,203.6   21,472.0
Fair value of loans and guarantees   6,973.2   9,398.0
Of which, fair value of loans outstanding
    for more than 90-days past due   6,304.2   8,474.3
Fair value loss on loans and guarantees   12,230.4   12,074.0
Of which, fair value loss on loans
    outstanding for more than 90-days due   10,912.1   10,793.4
Fair value loss on investment in
    these financial interests   6,627.2   6,098.8

1.   The
                                            Bank has not recognized interest separately on these loans.

The Group’s shareholding
in these entities at March 31, 2023 is as below:

Sr. No.   Name
    of the entity   Ownership
    interest
1.   Usher
    Agro limited   10.88%
2.   Gammon India Limited   10.63%
3.   Jaiprakash
    Power Ventures Limited   10.28%
4.   Unimark
    Remedies Limited   9.72%
5.   Great
    Offshore Limited   9.11%
6.   Ballarpur
    Industries Limited   8.99%
7.   IVRCL
    Limited   7.98%
8.   Coastal
    Projects Limited   7.79%
9.   GTL
    Infrastructure Limited   4.17%
10.   Pratibha
    Industries Limited   3.01%
11.   Adhunik
    Power and Natural Resources Limited   1.77%
12.   Aster
    Private Limited   1.77%
13.   Patel
    Engineering Limited   0.98%
14.   JSW
    Ispat Products Limited (erstwhile: Monnet Ispat and Energy Limited)   0.63%
15.   Diamond
    Power Infrastructure Limited   ..
16.   Vishwa
    Infrastructure and Services Private Limited   ..

c)   Investments

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as held for trading.

Rupees
in million

Debt securities   At March 31, 2023   At March 31, 2022
Government securities   287,473.6   246,014.4
Corporate debt securities   36,394.4   26,385.1
Other debt securities   76,524.7   35,341.2
Total   400,392.7   307,740.7

F-
131

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million

At March 31, 2023
Amortized cost/cost   Gross Unrealized gain   Gross Unrealized loss   Fair value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   254,220.6   1,499.6   (1,605.3)   254,114.9
Government securities   3,075,622.4   8,569.5   (28,659.8)   3,055,532.2
Other debt securities   129,371.2   1,272.7   (799.4)   129,844.5
Total debt securities   3,459,214.2   11,341.8   (31,064.5)   3,439,491.6
Other securities   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   3,459,214.2   11,341.8   (31,064.5)   3,439,491.6

Rupees in million

At March 31, 2022
Amortized cost/cost   Gross Unrealized gain   Gross Unrealized loss   Fair value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   201,756.9   4,265.3   (671.2)   205,351.0
Government securities   2,618,264.0   30,411.0   (11,618.7)   2,637,056.4
Other debt securities   117,688.3   1,708.9   (961.2)   118,436.0
Total debt securities   2,937,709.2   36,385.2   (13,251.1)   2,960,843.4
Other securities   2.4   3..   (1.4)   1.0
Total   2,937,711.6   36,385.2   (13,252.5)   2,960,844.4

The fair value of the Group’s
investment in equity securities based on readily determinable fair value at March 31, 2023 was Rs. 53,533.0 million (at March 31, 2022:
Rs. 48,445.8 million) and fair value of observable orderly transactions at March 31, 2023 was Rs. 8,047.9 million (at March 31, 2022:
Rs. 6,699.2 million). The Group recorded a gain of Rs. 1,897.7 million on securities fair valued based on observable price in orderly
transactions during fiscal 2023 (fiscal 2022: gain of Rs. 1,635.9 million).

Further, the Group’s
investments portfolio also contains investments held by its venture capital subsidiary, investments in non-readily marketable securities
and investments in affiliates. The fair value of investments held by the venture capital subsidiary was Rs. 54.3 million at March 31,
2023 and Rs. 50.7 million at March 31, 2022. Non-readily marketable securities primarily represent investments in affiliates and securities
acquired as a part of project financing activities, investment in start-up entities or conversion of loans in debt restructurings. The
investments in non-readily marketable securities and investment in affiliates was Rs. 316,003.5 million at March 31, 2023 and Rs. 437,021.3
million at March 31, 2022. Of these, the carrying value of equity securities carried at cost less impairment was Rs. 202,368.7 million
at March 31, 2023 and Rs. 4.1 million at March 31, 2022 after recognizing Rs. 122, 037.3 million impairment charge during fiscal 2023
and Rs. 44.9 million during fiscal 2022. Further, the fair value of certain investments, where Bank has opted for fair value accounting
was Rs. 5,634.4 million at March 31, 2023 and Rs. 6,972.5 million at March 31, 2022 under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial Instruments”.

d)   Fair value
                                            measurements

The Group determines the fair
values of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820. The standard describes three levels
of inputs that may be used to measure fair value.

F-
132

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Level 1

Valuation is based upon unadjusted
quoted prices of identical instruments traded in active markets. The instruments that have been valued based upon such quoted prices
include traded equity shares, mutual funds, government securities, corporate bonds, certificate of deposits, commercial papers, futures
and forex spots. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary has investments in bankers’ acceptances which are valued based on the quoted
prices.

Level 2

Valuation is based upon quoted
prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active,
prices quoted by market participants and prices derived from valuation models which use significant inputs that are observable in active
markets. Inputs used include interest rates, yield curves, volatilities, credit spreads, which are available from public sources like
Reuters, Bloomberg, Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income Money Markets
& Derivatives Association of India.

The products include government
securities, debentures and bonds, certificate of deposits, commercial papers, forex options, single currency interest rate derivatives,
forwards, cross currency interest rate swaps, and Bond forward rate agreements.

Level 3

Valuation is based on valuation
techniques or models which use significant market unobservable inputs or assumptions. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when
their values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant
model assumption or input is unobservable or when determination of the fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation.
The valuation of certain interest rate options are done by sourcing counterparty quotes at month ends.

India-linked non-Rupee denominated
bonds price is valued by discounting cash flows using rates incorporating fair market spreads published by Bloomberg/Reuters corresponding
to the international foreign currency ratings of the issuer (capped at international sovereign rating). The value of retained interest
in securitizations in Bank’s Canadian subsidiary, largely representing the excess spread of mortgage interest over the rate of
return on the mortgaged backed securities, is similarly impacted by the amount and timing of cash flows from the underlying mortgage
assets.

In case of private equity
investments, the inputs used include the valuation multiples for comparable listed companies and adjustments for illiquidity and other
factors.

The valuation of Indian pass
through certificates is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying trust would pay out. The underlying trust/originator
makes a number of assumptions with regard to various variables to arrive at the estimated flows. The cash flow schedule received from
the trust is discounted at the base yield curve rates and credit spreads published by Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed
Income Money Markets & Derivatives Association of India at month ends. Accordingly, these instruments are classified as Level 3 instruments.
A reduction in the estimated cash flows of these instruments will adversely impact the value of these certificates. A change in the timing
of these estimated cash flows will also impact the value of these certificates.

Rupee swaptions and Rupee
treasury bill interest rate swaps were valued using valuation model and discounted cash flow methodology respectively based on adjustments
carried out on market observable proxy as one of the inputs is unobservable.

F-
133

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The valuation of certain loans,
which have been fair valued as per ASC Subtopic 825-10, is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying borrowers would
pay out. The Bank makes a number of assumptions with regard to various variables to arrive at the estimated cash flows. The cash flow
schedule is discounted at the current interest rate, which the Bank is likely to offer for loan facilities to borrowers in the similar
rating grades, which are not market observable. Accordingly, these loans are classified as Level 3 assets. The value of such loans will
be impacted by changes in amount and timing of the estimated cash flows from the borrowers.

Investments in venture fund
units and security receipts for which fair value is measured using net asset value, as a practical expedient, are not included in fair
value hierarchy.

The following table sets forth,
the information about the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31, 2023 and the
level of inputs used to measure those products.

Rupees in million

Description   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Investments
Equity shares   26,648.7   90.5   7,921.3   34,660.5
Government debt securities   672,451.5   2,670,554.2   ..   3,343,005.7
Corporate debt securities   88,804.1   200,584.0   2,048.4   291,436.5
Mortgage and other asset backed securities   ..   ..   101,578.7   101,578.7
Others 1   43,725.9   81,487.2   217.5   125,430.6
Sub-total   831,630.2   2,952,715.9   111,765.9   3,896,112.0
Security receipts 2   ..
Venture fund units 2   11,041.9
Total investments   3,907,153.9
Derivatives (positive mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   96,600.2   4,521.1   101,121.3
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   2,147.5   62,323.4   ..   64,470.9
Equity derivatives   4.3   ..   ..   4.3
Total positive mark-to-market   2,151.8   158,923.6   4,521.1   165,596.5
Derivatives (negative mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   (96,240.5)   (917.8)   (97,158.3)
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   (429.9)   (78,259.3)   ..   (78,689.2)
Equity derivatives   (1.1)   ..   ..   (1.1)
Total negative mark-to-market   (431.0)   (174,499.8)   (917.8)   (175,848.6)
Borrowings
Bonds   ..   (335,829.9)   ..   (335,829.9)
Total borrowings   ..   (335,829.9)   ..   (335,829.9)
Loans Loans   ..   ..   6,973.2   6,973.2
Total loans   ..   ..   6,973.2   6,973.2

1 .   Includes
                                            primarily certificate of deposits, commercial paper and mutual funds.

2.   Fair
                                            value for these investments has been estimated using net asset value per unit as declared
                                            by investee entities as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35 – “Fair Value Measurements
                                            and Disclosures”. The fair value for these investments has not been categorized in
                                            the fair value hierarchy as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35-54B.

3.   Foreign
                                            currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements, swap options and exchange traded interest
                                            rate derivatives are included in interest rate derivatives.

4.   Foreign
                                            currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures are included
                                            in currency derivatives.

The following table sets forth,
the information about the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31, 2022 and the
level of inputs used to measure those products.

F-
134

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million

Description   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Investments
Equity shares   15,572.3   14,366.3   121.1   30,059.7
Government debt securities   308,980.4   2,574,090.4   ..   2,883,070.8
Corporate debt securities   54,035.8   176,070.8   2,484.9   232,591.5
Mortgage and other asset backed securities   ..   ..   62,143.1   62,143.1
Others 1   30,131.5   82,942.2   751.0   113,824.7
Sub-total   408,720.0   2,847,469.7   65,500.1   3,321,689.8
Security receipts 2   1.0
Venture fund units 2   9,034.1
Total investments   3,330,724.9
Derivatives (positive mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   47,141.8   2,563.2   49,705.0
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   1,012.3   46,199.4   ..   47,211.4
Equity derivatives   6.8   ..   ..   6.8
Total positive mark-to-market   1,019.1   93,341.2   2,563.2   96,923.5
Derivatives (negative mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   (49,410.3)   (417.9)   (49,828.2)
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   (273.9)   (52,937.4)   ..   (53,211.3)
Equity derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total negative mark-to-market   (273.9)   (102,347.7)   (417.9)   (103,039.5)
Borrowings
Bonds   ..   (235,819.4)   ..   (235,819.4)
Total borrowings   ..   (235,819.4)   ..   (235,819.4)
Loans Loans   ..   ..   9,398.0   9,398.0
Total loans   ..   ..   9,398.0   9,398.0

1.   Includes
                                            primarily certificate of deposits, commercial paper and mutual funds.

2.   Fair
                                            value for these investments has been estimated using net asset value per unit as declared
                                            by investee entities as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35 – “Fair Value Measurements
                                            and Disclosures”. The fair value for these investments has not been categorized in
                                            the fair value hierarchy based on the changes in ASC Subtopic 820-10-35-54B vide ASU No.
                                            2015-07.

3.   Foreign
                                            currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements, swap options and exchange traded interest
                                            rate derivatives are included in interest rate derivatives.

4.   Foreign
                                            currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures are included
                                            in currency derivatives.

5.   From
                                            September 8, 2021, under U.S.GAAP, ICICI General ceased to be a subsidiary and became an
                                            affiliate of the Bank .

The Group holds investments
in certain venture capital funds and security receipts. The fair value of these investments has been estimated using the net asset value
per unit as declared by such investee entities. The security receipts are issued by asset reconstruction companies with underlying mainly
as non-performing loans with objectives of gains through improvement in recoveries on these assets. The venture capital fund units are
issued by venture capital funds with underlying investment in equity shares and other instruments with the objective of generating long
term returns. Some of the venture capital funds have focused investments in real estate and infrastructure sectors. The cash flow from
these investments is expected to happen through distribution upon liquidation of the underlying assets by the asset reconstruction companies’/venture
capital funds. A reduction in the estimated cash flows from the underlying assets or delays in collection of estimated cash flows will
adversely impact the net asset values and therefore the fair value of these investments.

F-
135

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Transfers in/out of Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy

Equity shares of Rs. 111.9
million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on significant management estimation/unobservable
market inputs at March 31, 2023 as compared to valuation based on unadjusted quoted prices at March 31, 2022.

Equity shares of Rs. 5,323.1
million were transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on prices from prior transactions or
third-party pricing information without adjustment at March 31, 2023.

Equity shares of Rs. 604.4
million were transferred from cost to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on management estimation/unobservable market
inputs at March 31, 2023 as compared to cost based valuation at March 31, 2022.

Other securities of Rs. 177.7
million were transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on significant management estimation/unobservable
market inputs at March 31, 2023.

Other securities of Rs. 7.3
million were transferred from cost to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on management estimation/unobservable market
inputs at March 31, 2023 as compared to cost based valuation at March 31, 2022.

F-
136

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 assets for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Description   Investments
Equity shares   Corporate debt securities   Mortgage
                                            and other asset backed
                                            securities   Others   Total   Loans
Beginning balance at April 1, 2022   121.2   2,484.9   62,143.3   750.9   65,500.2   9,398.0
Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)
-Included in earnings   374.7   (382.5)   51.3   293.0   336.5   (948.0)
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   (35.2)   282.3   219.1   (355.0)   111.2   ..
Purchases/additions   1,306.0   27.5   87,155.9   ..   88,489.4   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   797.9   ..   797.9   ..
Settlements   ..   (363.8)   (48,798.9)   (656.4)   (49,819.1)   (1,476.8)
Transfers in Level 3   6,039.5   ..   ..   185.0   6,224.5   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   115.2   ..   10.1   ..   125.3   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2023   7,921.4   2,048.4   101,578.7   217.5   111,766.0   6,973.2
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains
    or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   374.7   (513.3)   34.7   32.5   (71.4)   (948.0)
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in other comprehensive income attributable
    to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   (35.2)   301.1   528.8   ..   794.7   ..

1.   Includes
                                            India-linked asset backed securities.

F-
137

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 assets for the year ended March 31, 2022.

Rupees in million

Description   Investments
Equity shares   Corporate debt securities   Mortgage and other asset backed securities   Others   Total   Loans
Beginning balance at April 1, 2021   107.2   2,640.1   95,039.5   300.7   98,087.4   9,089.4
Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)
-Included in earnings   9.6   (364.4)   (103.4)   202.9   (255.3)   804.7
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   1.9   393.9   (235.1)   353.4   514.1   ..
Purchases/additions   ..   97.9   31,264.7   ..   31,362.6   184.2
Sales   ..   (73.6)   ..   (401.0)   (474.6)   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   1,524.4   ..   1,524.4   ..
Settlements   ..   (97.9)   (65,503.3)   ..   (65,601.2)   (680.3)
Transfers in Level 3   ..   ..   ..   294.9   294.9   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   (111.1)   ..   ..   (111.1)
Foreign currency translation adjustment   2.5   ..   156.5   ..   159.0   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2022   121.2   2,484.9   62,143.3   750.9   65,500.2   9,398.0
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains
    or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   9.6   (419.9)   (148.0)   102.6   (453.8)   506.7
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in other comprehensive income attributable
    to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   1.9   393.9   (179.7)   353.4   567.6   ..

1.   Includes
                                            India-linked asset backed securities.

F-
138

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth, certain additional
information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Description   Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives   Currency derivatives (including foreign
    exchange derivatives)   Equity derivatives   Un-funded credit derivatives   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2022   2,145.3   ..   ..   ..   2,145.3
Total gains or losses(realized/unrealized)
-Included in earnings   1,307.7   ..   ..   ..   1,307.7
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Purchases   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Settlements   150.3   ..   ..   ..   150.3
Transfers in Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2023   3,603.3   ..   ..   ..   3,603.3
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains
    or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   1,756.2   ..   ..   ..   1,756.2

F-
139

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2022.

Rupees in million

Description   Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives   Currency derivatives (including foreign
    exchange derivatives)   Equity derivatives   Un-funded credit derivatives   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2021   (148.0)   ..   ..   ..   (148.0)
Total gains or losses(realized/unrealized)
-Included in earnings   2,165.3   ..   ..   ..   2,165.3
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Purchases   47.8   ..   ..   ..   47.8
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Settlements   83.4   ..   ..   ..   83.4
Transfers in Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   (2.4)   ..   ..   ..   (2.4)
Foreign currency translation adjustment   (0.8)   ..   ..   ..   (0.8)
Ending balance at March 31, 2022   2,145.3   ..   ..   ..   2,145.3
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change
    in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   2,119.7   ..   ..   ..   2,119.7

F-
140

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Quantitative information about unobservable inputs used in Level
3 fair value measurements

The Group Level
3 instruments consist of investment, loans and derivatives. An asset is classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy when one or
more unobservable inputs are used that are considered significant to its valuation.

The following table
sets forth, significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments at March 31, 2023.

Sr. No.   Product   Fair value (Rs. in million)   Principal Valuation techniques   Unobservable inputs   Units   Range of input values
Low   High   Weighted average
1   Loans   6,973.2   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   44.08%   49.41%   47.15%
Loss Severity   %   21.09%   100.00%   61.40%
2   Investment
2A   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - India linked   98,737.4   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   7.43%   12.27%   8.34%
Loss Severity   %   ..   ..   ..
2B   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - Non India linked   2,841.3   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   3.14%   4.90%   3.47%
2C   Corporate Debt securities   2,048.4   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   8.50%   16.00%   14.27%
Loss Severity   %   ..   100.00%   17.91%
2D   Equity shares - Non India Linked   36.6   Comparable analysis   Listed price per share of the same issuer   USD   ..   225.46   225.46
Illiquidity and other discount   %   ..   50.00%   50.00%
2E   Equity shares - India Linked   54.3   Net asset valuations   Net asset value   %   132.97%   302.49%   184.66%
3   Interest Rate derivatives - India linked   3,524.7   Discounted cash flow marked down for illiquidity   Illiquidity discount   bps   40   77   52
Swaptions - India linked   27.6   Discounted cash flow marked down for volatility   Volatility discount   bps   96   96   96
Cap & Floors - India linked   (1.5)   Counterparty Quote   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Interest Rate derivatives – Non India linked   52.5   Counter party quotes   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

F-
141

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments at March 31, 2022.

Sr. No.   Product   Fair value (Rs. in million)   Principal Valuation techniques   Unobservable inputs   Units   Range of input values
Low   High   Weighted average
1   Loans   9,398.0   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   27.94%   33.62%   31.48%
Loss Severity   %   13.24%   100.00%   53.78%
2   Investment
2A   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - India linked   58,674.1   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   4.25%   11.67%   6.30%
2B   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - Non India linked   3,469.0   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   0.78%   2.97%   2.09%
2C   Corporate Debt securities   2,484.9   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   8.20%   16.00%   13.80%
Loss Severity   %   0.00%   100.00%   67.12%
2D   Preference Shares   751.0   Discounted cashflow   Discounting rate   %   9.07%   10.30%   9.61%
Loss Severity   %   0.00%   99.59%   64.42%
2E   Equity shares - Non India Linked   70.4   Comparable analysis   Listed price per share of the same issuer   USD   ..   221.77   221.77
Illiquidity and other discount   %   ..   50.00%   50.00%
2F   Equity shares - India Linked   50.7   Net asset valuations   Net asset value   %   133.28%   261.36%   172.33%
3   Interest Rate derivatives - India linked   292.4   Discounted cash flow   Mark up to discount rate   bps   77.00   77.00   77.00
1,795.3   Counter party quotes   ..   ..
Interest Rate derivatives – Non India linked   57.5   Counter party quotes   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

F-
142

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

e)   Investment
                                            securities in unrealized loss position

The Group adopted
ASU Topic 2016-13, “Financial Instruments—Credit Losses” effective April 1, 2020. The Group has determined that certain
available for sale debt securities with unrealized losses do not have credit losses. The Group conducts a review each year to identify
and evaluate investments that have indications of credit losses. Factors considered in determining whether a credit loss exists include
the extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost of a security, credit rating and financial condition of the issuer.
A credit loss is computed as difference between the amortized cost basis of the security and the present value of cash flows expected
to be collected from a security, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than amortized cost basis. The Group considers whether
the investments have been identified for sale or whether it is more likely than not that the Group will be required to sell the investment
before recovery of its amortized cost basis. The Group does not recognize an allowance on accrued interest as the Group’s policy
is to reverse uncollected accrued interest immediately after 90 days past due by derecognizing interest income.

The following table
sets forth, the fair value of the debt investments in available for sale debt securities and unrealized loss position, at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Description of securities   Less than 12 months   12 months or longer   Total
Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses
Corporate debt securities   26,848.6   (631.1)   14,338.1   (974.2)   41,186.7   (1,605.3)
Government securities   594,925.7   (9,956.4)   777,128.1   (18,703.3)   1,372,053.8   (28,659.7)
Other debt securities   16,018.7   (258.0)   7,299.2   (541.6)   23,317.9   (799.6)
Total debt securities   637,793.0   (10,845.5)   798,765.4   (20,219.1)   1,436,558.4   (31,064.6)

The following table
sets forth, the fair value of the debt investments in available for sale debt securities and unrealized loss position, at March 31, 2022.

Rupees in million

Description of securities   Less than 12 months   12 months or longer   Total
Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized Losses
Corporate debt securities   15,635.3   (629.0)   953.2   (42.2)   16,588.5   (671.2)
Government securities   359,291.0   (6,883.1)   404,683.9   (4,735.6)   763,974.9   (11,618.7)
Other debt securities   9,389.5   (208.0)   6,988.8   (753.3)   16,378.3   (961.3)
Total debt securities   384,315.8   (7,720.1)   412,625.9   (5,531.1)   796,941.7   (13,251.2)

Certain investments
in debt securities with unrealized losses are not classified as impaired, since the Group has assessed that the securities in an unrealized
loss position have not been identified for sale and it is not more likely than not that the Group will be required to sell the securities
before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current period credit loss.

The Group also holds
certain debt investments with credit losses, which have not been identified for sale and it is not more likely than not that the Group
will be required to sell the securities before an anticipated recovery in value other than credit losses, where the amount representing
the credit losses is recognized in earnings and the amount of loss related to other factors is recognized in Other Comprehensive Income.
The credit losses have been determined based on the difference of present value of expected future cash flows of the securities and the
amortized cost basis of such securities. The Group bases its estimates of future cash flows on evaluation of the issuer’s overall
financial condition, resources and payment record and the realizable value of any collateral, third party guarantees or other credit
enhancements.

F-
143

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, roll-forward of the allowance for credit losses for available for sale debt securities for March 31, 2023:

Rupees in million
Corporate debt securities   Government securities   Other debt securities   Total
    allowance
Allowance
for credit losses at the beginning of the period   7,881.6   ..   596.8   8,478.4
Additions during
the year for which credit losses were not previously recorded   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additions to
the allowance for credit losses arising from purchased financial assets with credit deterioration   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due
to sale of securities during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due
to the Group intends to sale the securities or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized
cost basis   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additional increases
or decreases during the year on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period   597.1   ..   0.9   598.0
Write-off during
the period   ..   ..   15.3   15.3
Recoveries during
the period   188.7   ..   47.4   236.1
Balance
of the allowance for credit losses at the end of the period   8,290.0   ..   535.0   8,825.0

The following table sets forth, roll-forward of the allowance for credit losses for available for sale debt securities for March 31, 2022:

Rupees in million
Corporate debt securities   Government securities   Other debt securities   Total
    allowance
Allowance
for credit losses at the beginning of the period   7,605.7   ..   1,086.0   8,691.7
Additions during
the year for which credit losses were not previously recorded   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additions to
the allowance for credit losses arising from purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due
to sale of securities during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due
to the Group intends to sale the securities or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized
cost basis   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additional increases or decreases during
the year on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period.   448.8   ..   122.1   570.9
Write-off during
the period   146.7   ..   611.3   758.0
Recoveries during
the period   26.2   ..   ..   26.2
Balance
of the allowance for credit losses at the end of the period   7,881.6   ..   596.8   8,478.4

At March 31, 2023,
the Group holds cost method equity investments amounting to Rs. 315,919.2 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 437,017.2 million). The fair value
for such securities has not been estimated in the absence of changes in circumstances that have a significant adverse effect on the fair
value of the investments.

F-
144

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

f)   Loans

The Group follows
the guidance provided in the FASB ASC topic 326: “Financial instruments – Credit Losses” for accounting and measurement
of loan loss allowance. This guidance established a single allowance framework for all financial assets measured at amortized cost including
unfunded credit facilities and loan commitments. This framework requires that management’s estimate reflects credit losses over
the instrument’s remaining expected life and considers expected future changes in macroeconomic conditions.

The Group’s
allowance for credit losses primarily comprises allowance for loan losses, unfunded credit exposure and non-cancellable loan commitments.
The Group does not classify its investment in debt securities as held-to-maturity. The Group does not recognize an allowance on accrued
interest as the Group’s policy is to write-off uncollected accrued interest immediately after 90 days past due (based on crop cycle
for certain agriculture based loans) by reversing interest income.

Any changes in the
allowance for credit losses is recognized in the income statement as allowance for credit losses.

The estimation of
the allowance for credit losses is complex and requires significant management judgment about the effect of certain matters that are
inherently uncertain. The allowance for credit losses in future periods may be significantly different, considering the macro-economic
conditions, forecasts and other factors then prevailing.

The allowance for
loan losses and allowance for lending-related commitments represents expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of retained
loans and lending-related commitments that are in the nature of non-cancellable by the Group. The expected life of each instrument is
determined by considering its contractual term and expected prepayments. The expected life of credit card loans is determined based on
the behavioral study by the Group. For the behavioral study, cash flows from the credit card accounts are considered on a first-in-first-out
basis on credit card loan outstanding.

When calculating
the allowance for credit losses, the Group assesses whether exposures share similar risk characteristics. If similar risk characteristics
exist, the Group estimates expected credit losses collectively, considering the risk associated with a particular segment and the probability
that the exposures within the segment will default. The segmentation for the consumer loans and small business lending exposures is based
on risk characteristics such as product type, delinquency status, credit scores, months on book, etc. For Agriculture loans, a further
segmentation of risk characteristics is also carried out based on direct and indirect agriculture lending. The segmentation for commercial
loans is based on risk characteristics such as customer type, risk rating assigned using internal rating models and delinquency status.
The commercial loans are also considered as not sharing similar risk characteristics if principal or interest has remained overdue for
more than 90 days or the borrower has undergone restructuring/likely to be restructured. The consumer loan, loan commitment and significant
portion of commercial loans and unfunded credit exposure share similar risk characteristic with other credit exposures in the segment,
and as a result are collectively assessed for credit loss.

If an exposure for
commercial loans does not share risk characteristics with other exposures, expected credit losses are estimated on an individual basis.
The credit loss on individual basis is either estimated on basis of the present value of expected future cash flows or in case of a collateral
dependent loan, the net realizable value of the collateral net of cost to sell, if any. The loans primarily have collateral in the form
of business assets or real estate.

F-
145

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The credit loss
on collective basis is estimated using a current expected credit losses methodology which is based on relevant information about historical
experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the loan balances. The collective
assessment begins with a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation
covers expected credit losses over an instrument’s expected life and is the result of multiplying the individual loan level exposure
at default with the estimated probability of default and loss given default. The probabilities of default are derived using a macro-economic
scenario over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion
to the long run historical information. The forecasts take into consideration the Group’s overarching economic outlook based on
internal as well as external inputs and involve a governed process that incorporates feedback from senior management. The quantitative
calculation is adjusted to take into consideration model imprecision not yet reflected in the calculation.

The geopolitical
uncertainties and macroeconomic environment including the outlook on growth across the world and India may have an impact on the results
of the Bank and the Group. The Group makes adjustments to appropriately address these economic circumstances over and above the model
output by increasing the probability of default estimates based on management judgement.

Estimating the timing
and amounts of future cash flows is highly judgmental as these cash flow projections rely upon estimates such as loss severities, asset
valuations, default rates, the amounts and timing of interest or principal payments (including any expected prepayments) or other factors
that are reflective of current and expected market conditions. These estimates are, in turn, dependent on factors such as uncertainty
around geo-political situation, current overall economic conditions, portfolio or borrower-specific factors, the expected outcome of
insolvency proceedings as well as, in certain circumstances, other economic factors. All of these estimates and assumptions require significant
management judgment and certain assumptions are highly subjective.

The following table sets forth the recorded
investment in restructured loans at March 31, 2023.

Rupees
in million

Total recorded investment in restructured loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in restructured loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans   147,724.0   106,616.1   20,230.2   167,954.2
Consumer loans   56,104.6   15,947.5   ..   56,104.6
Total   203,828.6   122,563.6   20,230.2   224,058.8

The following table sets forth the recorded investment
in restructured loans at March 31, 2022.

Rupees
in million

Total recorded investment in restructured loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in restructured loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans   163,582.9   118,258.3   27,137.4   190,720.3
Consumer loans   79,787.3   21,508.6   ..   79,787.3
Total   243,370.2   139,766.9   27,137.4   270,507.6

F-
146

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

A loan is considered
impaired when the Group believes it is probable that all amounts due according to the original contractual terms of the loan will not
be collected. A loan is generally classified as impaired if any amount of interest or principal remains overdue for more than 90 days
(360 days for direct agriculture loans). For large balance commercial loan, evaluation also includes assessment of individual loans based
on borrower specific facts and circumstances, including financial performance, future prospects and repayment history of the borrower.

The following table sets forth the recorded
investment in impaired loans at March 31, 2023.

Rupees
in million

Total recorded investment in impaired loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in impaired loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans 1   116,108.4   87,381.2   8,139.3   124,247.7
Consumer loans 2   60,429.1   29,677.8   ..   60,429.1
Total   176,537.5   117,059.1   8,139.3   184,676.8

1.   Primarily includes commercial loans assessed
                                            individually.

2.   Includes consumer loans assessed collectively.

The following table sets forth the recorded
investment in impaired loans at March 31, 2022.

Rupees
in million

Total recorded investment in impaired loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances for credit losses   Total recorded investment in impaired loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal amount
Commercial loans 1   125,154.2   86,171.0   13,303.9   138,458.0
Consumer loans 2   67,185.7   32,807.8   ..   67,185.7
Total   192,339.9   118,978.8   13,303.9   205,643.7

1.   Primarily includes commercial loans assessed
                                            individually.

2.   Includes consumer loans assessed collectively.

The following table
sets forth the closing balance of allowance for loan losses for restructured loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2023.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   106,616.1   ..   ..   106,616.1
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   15,947.5   ..   15,947.5
Total allowance for loan losses   106,616.1   15,947.5   ..   122,563.6
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   167,954.2   ..   ..   167,954.2
Collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   56,104.6   ..   56,104.6
Total recorded financing receivables   167,954.2   56,104.6   ..   224,058.8

F-
147

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth the closing balance of allowance for loan losses for restructured loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2022.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   118,258.3   ..   ..   118,258.3
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   21,508.6   ..   21,508.6
Total allowance for loan losses   118,258.3   21,508.6   ..   139,766.9
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   190,720.3   ..   ..   190,720.3
Collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   79,787.3   ..   79,787.3
Total recorded financing receivables   190,720.3   79,787.3   ..   270,507.6

The following table
sets forth the closing balance of allowance for loan losses for other loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2023.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   78,406.5   ..   ..   78,406.5
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   51,045.8   205,792.1   ..   256,837.9
Total allowance for loan losses   129,452.3   205,792.1   ..   335,244.5
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   108,037.9   ..   ..   108,037.9
Collectively evaluated for impairment   4,288,123.3   6,392,677.9   50.1   10,680,851.2
Total recorded financing receivables   4,396,161.2   6,392,677.9   50.1   10,788,889.2

The following table
sets forth the closing balance of allowance for loan losses for other loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2022.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   78,444.9   ..   ..   78,444.9
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   52,068.5   175,751.9   ..   227,820.4
Total allowance for loan losses   130,513.4   175,751.9   ..   306,265.3
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   124,677.2   ..   ..   124,677.2
Collectively evaluated for impairment   3,616,725.1   5,363,222.7   416.5   8,980,364.3
Total recorded financing receivables   3,741,402.3   5,363,222.7   416.5   9,105,041.5

F-
148

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2023:

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Fiscal 2023
Loan commitment   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal.   3,258.3   28,198.7   31,456.9
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the year   2,262.0   (305.1)   1,957.0
Allowances at the end of the fiscal   5,520.3   27,893.6   33,414.0

The following table
sets forth, allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2022:

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Fiscal 2022
Loan commitment   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal   3,565.7   28,510.2   32,075.9
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the year   (307.5)   (311.5)   (619.0)
Allowances at the end of the fiscal   3,258.3   28,198.7   31,456.9

The following table
sets forth, allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2021:

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Fiscal 2021
Loan commitment   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal.   ..   14,887.6   14,887.6
Add: Adjustment on transition to ASU Topic 2016-13   4,987.9   9,261.3   14,249.2
Allowance at April 1, 2020   4,987.9   24,148.9   29,136.8
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the year   (1,422.2)   4,361.3   2,939.1
Allowances at the end of the fiscal   3,565.7   28,510.2   32,075.9

F-
149

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth
loans restructured during the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Restructured loans involving changes in the amount and/or timing of
Number of borrowers whose loans are classified as restructured   Principal payments   Interest payments   Both principal and interest payments   Provision/(write-back) through P&L   Net restructured amount
Commercial loans   21   726.4   ..   3,506.8   (422.9)   2,594.5
Consumer loans   13   ..   ..   121.9   39.8   82.1
Total   34   726.4   ..   3,628.7   (383.1)   2,676.6

The following table
sets forth loans restructured during the year ended March 31, 2022.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Restructured loans involving changes in the amount and/or timing of
Number of borrowers whose loans are classified as restructured   Principal payments   Interest payments   Both principal and interest payments   Provision/(write-back) through P&L   Net restructured amount
Commercial loans   46   14,624.1   ..   6,765.6   (301.9)   21,691.5
Consumer loans   63,199   7,991.3   ..   51,561.8   19,462.4   40,090.8
Total   63,245   22,615.4   ..   58,327.4   19,160.4   61,782.3

The following table
sets forth restructured loans at March 31, 2023 and 2022, as well as loans that were restructured during a fiscal year and defaulted
within the same or next fiscal year:

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Balances at March 31, 2023   Payment default during the year ended March 31, 2023 1   Balances at March 31, 2022   Payment default during the year ended March 31, 2022 1
Commercial loans   167,954.2   6,651.5   190,720.3   1,000.2
Consumer loans   56,104.6   7,755.0   79,787.3   16,466.2
Total   224,058.8   14,406.5   270,507.6   17,466.4

1.   Default is defined as 90 days past due.

Additionally, at
March 31, 2023, the Bank has outstanding loans amounting to Rs. 18,064.0 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 20,332.3 million) to equity affiliates,
where the Bank has opted for fair value accounting under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial Instruments”. See also 22. Notes
under U.S. GAAP – Additional information required under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial interests.

g)   Equity affiliates

Under U.S. GAAP,
the Group accounts for its ownership interest in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited (ICICI Life) and ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited (ICICI General) by the equity method of accounting.

F-
150

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

ICICI Life

The following tables
set forth, for the periods indicated, the summarized U.S. GAAP balance sheets and statements of operations of ICICI Life.

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
Balance sheet   2023   2022
Cash and cash equivalents   57,856.5   44,864.9
Securities   964,814.0   824,009.7
Assets held to cover linked liabilities   1,440,580.6   1,508,663.0
Other assets   139,349.3   123,718.5
Total assets   2,602,600.4   2,501,256.1
Provision for linked liabilities   1,440,580.6   1,508,663.0
Other liabilities   1,062,924.1   895,340.7
Stockholders’ equity   99,095.7   97,252.4
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   2,602,600.4   2,501,256.1

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022
Interest income   101,212.1   87,940.7
Interest expense   (1,014.2)   (999.7)
Net interest income   100,197.9   86,941.0
Insurance premium   399,327.8   374,579.9
Other non-interest income   (8,403.8)   150,410.2
Non-interest expense   (477,926.2)   (614,873.7)
Income tax (expense)/benefit   (1,782.8)   1,184.4
Income/(loss), net   11,412.9   (1,758.2)

The income increased
to Rs. 11,412.9 million in fiscal 2023 from a loss of Rs. 1,758.2 million in fiscal 2022, primarily due to lower policyholders’
liabilities and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost and lower marked-to-market
loss on trading portfolio and equity securities.

The aggregate market value of the investment
in shares of ICICI Life at March 31, 2023 based on quoted market prices was Rs. 321,374.7 million (At March 31, 2022: Rs. 369,466.6 million).

ICICI General

The following tables
set forth, for the periods indicated, the summarized U.S. GAAP balance sheets and statements of operations of ICICI General.

Rupees
in million

At March 31,
Balance sheet   2023   2022
Cash and cash equivalents   11,907.8   7,066.3
Securities   417,522.7   386,353.4
Other assets   176,329.3   173,986.0
Total assets   605,759.8   567,405.7

F-
151

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

At March 31,
Balance sheet   2023   2022
Other liabilities   455,252.5   422,936.5
Stockholders’ equity   150,507.3   144,469.2
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   605,759.8   567,405.7

Rupees
in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022
Interest income   25,604.5   22,916.0
Interest expense   (114.8)   (375.0)
Net interest income   25,489.7   22,541.0
Insurance premium   161,484.6   131,372.1
Other non-interest income   3,542.9   4,223.5
Non-interest expense   (171,855.0)   (144,442.7)
Income tax (expense)/benefit   (3,538.4)   (3,518.0)
Income/(loss), net   15,123.8   10,175.9

The income/(loss)
increased from Rs. 10,175.9 million in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 15,123.8 million in fiscal 2023 primarily due to increase in fair value of
on equity investments.

The aggregate market
value of the investment in shares of ICICI General at March 31, 2023 based on quoted market prices was Rs. 252,235.0 million (At March
31, 2022: Rs. 313,271.3 million).

h)   Insurance affiliates

Life insurance affiliate

The significant
differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the life insurance affiliate are primarily on account of:

i) Difference
in policyholders’ liability and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost

Policyholders’ liability

Reserves under Indian
GAAP are held as per the requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority
of India and Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India. Accordingly, the reserves are computed using the Gross
Premium Method (reserves are computed as the present value of future benefits including future bonuses and the present value of expenses
including overheads and are net of the present value of future total premiums, paid by policyholders). The discount rates used are on
prudent basis which change at every fiscal year end. Reserves under U.S. GAAP are valued using the Modified Net Premium Method as per
the valuation norms prescribed under U.S. GAAP. The liability under U.S. GAAP consists of two parts, namely, policy reserves (comprising
benefit reserve and maintenance expense reserve) and deferred profit liability.

F-
152

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The benefit
reserve is computed as the present value of guaranteed benefits less the present value of the net premium for benefits. The
maintenance expense reserve is computed as the present value of maintenance expenses less the present value of net premiums for
maintenance expenses. Deferred profit liability is held in accordance with ASC Topic 944-40-25-28 for products where the premium
paying term is shorter than the policy term so as to allow the emergence of the profits over the entire policy term. The discount
rates used for non-linked products represent best estimate with a provision for adverse deviation and are on locked-in basis, where
the assumptions change at every fiscal year end only for the new business sold with in the fiscal year. Such assumptions include
mortality, morbidity, policy expenses, policy lapse, policy surrenders and interest rates. Under unit-linked products, the excess of
initial charges over ultimate charges is held as unearned revenue reserve to allow for the emergence of the profit over the term of
the policy. The discount rates used are on best estimate basis and change at every financial year end.

Unallocated policyholders’
surplus

Participating policyholders
are entitled to 90% of the surplus generated in the fund, which is given in the form of bonus.

Under Indian GAAP,
based on the recommendation of Appointed Actuary, 1/9
th
 of the bonus declared is transferred to the shareholders and remaining
surplus after the transfer is held back as Funds for future appropriation.

Under U.S. GAAP,
10% of the surplus is transferred to shareholders and 90% is held back as unallocated policyholders’ surplus for participating policyholders.

Amortization of
deferred acquisition cost

Under U.S GAAP, acquisition
costs are those costs that vary with and are primarily related to the acquisition of new and renewal of existing insurance contracts.
If an acquisition cost has substantial future utility, and is clearly associated with (and recoverable from) future revenue, it may be
considered for deferral. These costs are referred to as deferrable acquisition costs.

The deferrable acquisition
cost asset amortizes over time with a pattern of amortization that is proportional to revenues. Deferrable acquisition costs amortization
for the accounting period is recognized as an expense in the income statement. In case of deferrable acquisition cost amortization for
non-linked products, the unamortized balance of deferrable acquisition cost is reflected as an asset on the balance sheet. The assumptions
used to calculate deferrable acquisition costs are the same as those used for policy reserves.

The deferred acquisition
costs are amortized in proportion to premium revenue recognition for non linked insurance products and is based on the estimated gross
profits for unit linked and universal life products as per ASC Topic “Financial Services – Insurance”. The estimated
gross profits are made up of margins available from mortality and contract administration, investment earnings spreads, surrender charges
and other expected assessments and credits.

Under Indian GAAP,
acquisition cost is charged to the revenue account in the year in which it is incurred whereas under U.S. GAAP, the acquisition costs
that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts and is deferred over the policy term.

ii)   Compensation costs

Accounting for employee
stock options

Under Indian GAAP,
stock compensation costs are accounted for using the intrinsic value method as compared to U.S. GAAP where the stock compensation costs
have been accounted for based on fair value method.

F-
153

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP,
all actuarial gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit
in the profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income. Subsequently
cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10% corridor is amortized through profit
and loss account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality fixed income securities in
U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on Government securities under Indian GAAP.

iii)   Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio and equity securities

Under Indian GAAP,
accounting for investments is in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India,
which do not allow the unrealized gain to be routed through the revenue account except in the case of linked business. A linked life insurance
policy is a policy in which the cash value of the policy varies according to the net asset value of units (i.e., shares) in investment
assets chosen by the policyholder. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gain/(loss) on investments classified as “held for trading”
is taken to the profit and loss account. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gain/losses on equity securities are recognized in profit and loss
account.

iv) Income taxes

The differences in
the accounting for income taxes are primarily on account of the income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments.

v) Lease

Under Indian GAAP,
expenses towards operating lease is charged to profit and loss account on a straight line basis. Under U.S. GAAP, a right to use asset
and a lease liability is required to be recognized at the commencement of the lease for all lease on adoption of FASB ASC 842- “Leases”
and a single lease cost is recognized, which is calculated such that the cost of the operating lease is allocated over the lease term
on a generally straight-line basis.

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the life insurance affiliate.

Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Profit as per Indian GAAP   8,134.9   7,592.0   9,561.6
Adjustments on account of
Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio and equity securities   (4,532.8)   (12,544.7)   40,326.6
Difference in policyholders’ liabilities and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost   8,502.5   1,479.4   (23,030.4)
Compensation costs   (692.1)   (563.5)   (744.4)
Deferred taxes benefit/(expense)   160.4   2,140.4   (4,739.6)
Others   (160.0)   138.2   (46.4)
Profit/(loss) as per U.S. GAAP   11,412.9   (1,758.2)   21,327.4
Net income/(loss) (net of tax)   11,412.9   (1,758.2)   21,327.4
Other Comprehensive Income:
Net unrealized gain/(loss) on securities, net of realization & others   (11,667.8)   (17,777.5)   (3,963.3)
Accounting for post retirement employee benefits   (0.2)   (28.8)   44.0
Deferred taxes benefit/(expense)   1,698.5   2,591.0   574.3
Total comprehensive income/(loss)   1,443.4   (16,973.5)   17,982.4

F-
154

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The profit under
Indian GAAP increased from Rs. 7,592.0 million in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 8,134.9 million in fiscal 2023, net income under U.S. GAAP increased
from a loss of Rs. 1,758.2 million in fiscal 2022 to an income of Rs. 11,412.9 million in fiscal 2023. In fiscal 2023, the total comprehensive
income was Rs. 1,443.4 million as compared to total comprehensive loss of Rs. 16,973.5 million in fiscal 2022.

The unrealized loss
on the trading portfolio and equity securities decreased from Rs. 12,544.7 million in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 4,532.8 million in fiscal 2023.
This reduction was primarily due to lower marked-to-market losses in debt securities and marked-to-market gains in equity securities.
In fiscal 2023, the marked-to-market loss recognized in net income on the debt securities was Rs. 4,683.4 million (compared to Rs. 6,466.3
million in fiscal 2022), out of which a loss of Rs. 4,562.2 million (compared to Rs. 6,302.4 million in fiscal 2022) was recognized in
participating funds. Furthermore, the marked-to-market gain recognized on equity securities in fiscal 2023 was Rs. 150.6 million (compared
to a marked-to-market loss of Rs. 6,078.4 million in fiscal 2022), with a gain of Rs. 1,458.6 million (compared to a marked-to-market
loss of Rs. 4,815.6 million in fiscal 2022) recognized on the equity securities of shareholders’ fund.

Under U.S. GAAP,
the policyholders' liabilities and unallocated policyholders' surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost, were lower by
Rs. 8,502.5 million in fiscal 2023 compared to Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2022, the difference was lower by Rs. 1,479.4 million. In fiscal
2023, the liabilities recognized through the income statement towards unallocated policyholders' surplus under U.S. GAAP were lower by
Rs. 7,339.6 million compared to Indian GAAP, primarily due to the marked-to-market loss on the debt portfolio of participating funds.
In fiscal 2022, the liabilities recognized through the income statement towards unallocated policyholders' surplus under U.S. GAAP were
lower by Rs. 3,590.7 million compared to Indian GAAP, primarily due to the marked-to-market loss on the debt portfolio of participating
funds.

The liabilities associated
with Guaranteed Savings Insurance Plan product include the impact of marked-to-market gain/loss on underlying investments. Under U.S.
GAAP, the changes in liabilities related to Guaranteed Savings Insurance Plan are recognized through net income, while the marked-to-market
changes in underlying debt investments, classified as available-for-sale investments, is recognized through other comprehensive income.
During fiscal 2023, the life insurance affiliate recognized a marked-to-market loss of Rs. 4,995.2 million (compared to a marked-to-market
loss of Rs. 5,028.1 million in fiscal 2022) on available-for-sale debt securities through other comprehensive income, while the related
change in liability was recognized through net income.

Other comprehensive
income arising from policyholders’ assets classified as available for sale decreased on account of unrealized loss of Rs. 11,667.8
million in fiscal 2023 (fiscal 2023: unrealized loss of Rs. 17,777.5 million).

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of income taxes in net income reconciliation of ICICI Life.

F-
155

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments   160.4   2,140.4   (4,739.6)
Total differences in income taxes   160.4   2,140.4   (4,739.6)

General insurance affiliate

The significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the general insurance affiliate are primarily on account of:

i)   Provision for reinsurance commission

Under Indian GAAP,
reinsurance commission on business ceded is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk. Under U.S. GAAP, proceeds from
reinsurance transactions that represent recovery of acquisition costs are reduced from unamortized acquisition costs in such a manner
that net acquisition costs are capitalized and charged to expense in proportion to net revenue recognized over the related policy period.

ii)   Amortization of deferred acquisition costs

Under Indian GAAP,
acquisition cost is charged as an expense to the revenue account in the year in which it is incurred whereas under U.S. GAAP, the same
is deferred and charged as an expense in proportion to premium revenue recognized as per ASC Topic 944 “Financial Services-Insurance”.
Accordingly, certain acquisition costs specified in Accounting Standards Update 2010-26 have been deferred that are related directly to
the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts.

iii)   Premium deficiency

Under Indian GAAP,
premium deficiency is recognized if the sum of the expected claims costs, related expenses and maintenance costs exceed related unearned
premiums. Under Indian GAAP, for assessment of premium deficiency, line of business are segmented under “Fire”, “Marine”,
“Miscellaneous” segments. Under U.S. GAAP premium deficiency is assessed for each line of business and recognized in the profit
& loss account if the sum of expected claim costs and claims adjustment expenses, expected dividends to policyholders, un-amortized
acquisition costs and maintenance costs exceed related unearned premiums. A premium deficiency is recognized by first charging acquisition
costs to expense, to the extent required to eliminate the deficiency. If the premium deficiency is greater than un-amortized acquisition
costs, a liability for the excess deficiency is required to be accrued.

iv)   Compensation costs

Accounting for employee
stock options

Under Indian GAAP,
stock compensation costs are accounted for by the intrinsic value method as compared to U.S. GAAP where the compensation costs have been
accounted for at the fair value method in accordance with the requirement of FASB ASC Topic 718 “Compensation-Stock Compensation”.

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP,
all actuarial gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit
in the profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income. Subsequently
cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10% corridor is amortized through profit
and loss account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality fixed income securities in
U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on government securities under Indian GAAP.

F-
156

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

v)   Mark to market on equity investments

Under Indian GAAP,
all unrealized gains/ (losses) on equity investments are recognized through reserves. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains/ (losses) on equity
investments are recognized through income statement.

vi)   Income taxes

The differences in
the accounting for income taxes are primarily on account of the income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments.

vii)   Lease

Under Indian GAAP,
expenses towards operating lease is charged to profit and loss account on a straight line basis. Under U.S. GAAP, a right to use asset
and a lease liability is required to be recognized at the commencement of the lease for all lease on adoption of FASB ASC 842- “Leases”
and a single lease cost is recognized, which is calculated such that the cost of the operating lease is allocated over the lease term
on a generally straight-line basis.

viii)   Business Combination

During fiscal 2022,
in accordance with the Scheme of Arrangement between ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Bharti AXA General Insurance
Company Limited, as approved by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India with effect from September 8, 2021, assets and
liabilities of Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited’s general insurance business vested with ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited on the Appointed Date of April 1, 2020. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited issued two fully paid up equity
shares to the shareholders of Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited for every 115 fully paid up equity shares.

Under Indian GAAP
the merger was accounted using the “Pooling of Interest Method” as prescribed in Accounting Standard 14 “Accounting
for Amalgamations” where all the assets, liabilities and reserves of the Bharti AXA’s general insurance business were recorded
in their existing form and at their carrying value and the excess of consideration paid over net assets taken-over was adjusted with the
reserve and surplus account.

Under US GAAP, the
merger was accounted in accordance with ASC 805 – Business Combinations where all the assets and liabilities were measured at fair
value on September 8, 2021 of merger. Goodwill was measured as excess of consideration paid over the net assets taken over. Accordingly
under US GAAP, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited recognized intangible assets of Rs. 1,230.0 million and goodwill of Rs.
46,454.5 million. The goodwill is tested for impairment on annual basis and intangible assets are amortized over the useful life.

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the details of the significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for the general insurance affiliate.

F-
157

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Profit as per Indian GAAP   17,290.5   12,710.1   14,730.5
Adjustments on account of
Provision for reinsurance commission   (1,171.9)   1,511.7   2,715.1
Amortization of deferred acquisition costs   531.3   (125.0)   824.1
Premium deficiency   11.9   (5.8)   6.7
Compensation costs   (1,285.6)   (981.3)   (760.2)
Unrealized gain/(loss) on equity investments.   (413.6)   (2,791.4)   11,285.1
Income tax benefit/(expense)   296.4   607.2   (3,707.2)
Business Combination   (123.0)   (508.2)   ..
Others   (12.2)   (241.4)   (129.4)
Profit/(Loss) as per U.S. GAAP   15,123.8   10,175.9   24,964.9
Other Comprehensive Income
MTM on Debt Securities   (6,010.8)   (2,763.0)   976.0
Compensation Cost   1,285.6   981.2   760.2
Actuarial Gain/(Loss)   14.4   0.6   43.0
Total Other Comprehensive Income   (4,710.8)   (1,781.2)   1,779.1
Total Comprehensive Income   10,413.0   8,394.7   26,744.1

The profit under
Indian GAAP increased from Rs. 12,710.1 million in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 17,290.5 million in fiscal 2023, profit under U.S. GAAP increased
from Rs. 10,175.9 million in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 15,123.8 million in fiscal 2023. Total comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP increased
from Rs. 8,394.7 million in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 10,413.0 million in fiscal 2023. The unrealized loss on available for sale debt securities
increased from Rs. 2,763.0 million in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 6,010.8 million in fiscal 2023.

Reinsurance commission
on premium ceded is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk under Indian GAAP and recognized over the policy period
under U.S. GAAP. Reinsurance commission income was lower by Rs. 1,171.9 million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP in fiscal 2023
(higher by Rs. 1,511.7 million in fiscal 2022). This decrease was primarily due to increase in reinsurance commission of health attachment
business in fiscal 2023 resulting in higher deferral under U.S. GAAP, which was accounted as upfront under Indian GAAP in fiscal 2023.

Deferred acquisition
cost resulted in income of Rs. 531.3 million in fiscal 2023 (fiscal 2022: cost of Rs. 125.0 million) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian
GAAP primarily due to higher deferred acquisition cost incurred during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022.

Unrealized loss on
equity investments decreased from Rs. 2,791.4 million in fiscal 2022 to Rs. 413.6 million in fiscal 2023 primarily due to equity market
movement in March 2023. While, these gains/losses are accounted through fair value change account in balance sheet under Indian GAAP,
under U.S. GAAP these gains/losses are accounted through net income.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of income taxes in net income reconciliation of the general insurance affiliate.

Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments   296.4   607.2   (3,707.2)
Total differences in income taxes   296.4   607.2   (3,707.2)

F-
158

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

i)

Goodwill and intangible assets

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of goodwill and intangible assets, by category under U.S. GAAP
.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022
Goodwill   35,101.4   35,101.4
Charge off/write off   (54.0)   (54.0)
Goodwill, net……………………………………………………………………   (A)   35,047.4   35,047.4
Asset management and advisory intangibles……………………………………   (B)   367.0   367.0
Customer-related intangibles   10,410.0   10,410.0
Accumulated amortization   (10,410.0)   (10,410.0)
Customer-related intangibles net……………………………………………   (C)   ..   ..
Goodwill and intangible assets, net……………………………………………   (A+B+C)   35,414.4   35,414.4

1.   See also “Schedule 18 -Fixed assets”.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in goodwill under U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022
Opening balance   35,047.4   177,944.3
Goodwill addition during the period   ..   ..
Goodwill disposed off during the period 1   ..   (142,896.9)
Closing balance   35,047.4   35,047.4

1.   Represents Goodwill
                                            disposed off due to loss of control of general insurance subsidiary.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in intangible assets under U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022
Opening balance   ..   8,751.6
Additions   ..   ..
Amortization   ..   (704.1)
Disposal   ..   (8,047.5) 1
Closing balance   ..   ..

1.   Represents intangible
                                            assets disposed off due to loss of control of general insurance subsidiary

The Group has assigned
goodwill to reporting units. The Group tests its goodwill for impairment on an annual basis at a reporting unit level. The fair value
of the reporting units was assessed as per ASC topic 350-20-35-3 and determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair value
of the reporting units was less than their carrying amounts and the quantitative goodwill impairment test was unnecessary at March 31,
2023.

F-
159

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

j)

Employee benefits

Gratuity

In accordance with
Indian regulations, the Group provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan covering all employees. The plan provides a lump
sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death or termination of employment based on the respective employee’s salary and
the years of employment with the Group. The gratuity benefit provided by the Group to its employees is equal to or greater than the statutory
minimum.

In respect of the
parent company, the gratuity benefit is provided to the employee through a fund administered by a Board of Trustees and managed by ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. The parent company is responsible for settling the gratuity obligation through contributions
to the fund.

In respect of the
remaining entities within the Group, the gratuity benefit is provided through annual contributions to a fund administered and managed
by Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. Under this scheme, the settlement obligation
and contribution to be paid remains with the Group, although LIC and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited administer the scheme.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the funded status of the plans and the amounts recognized in the financial statements.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022
Change in benefit obligations
Projected benefit obligations at the beginning of the year   15,469.9   15,358.4
Less: Reduction due to deconsolidation of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company during the year   ..   (1,020.2)
Add: Adjustment for exchange fluctuation on opening obligations   12.2   6.0
Adjusted opening obligations   15,482.1   14,344.2
Service cost   1,526.2   1,435.9
Interest cost   1,063.6   984.5
Acquisition/(Divestitures)   34.1   (2.8)
Benefits paid   (1,742.0)   (1,454.4)
Unrecognized prior service cost   ..   ..
Plan amendments   (72.2)   ..
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligations   506.0   162.5
Projected benefit obligations at the end of the year   16,797.8   15,469.9
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year   15,190.5   15,091.6
Less: Reduction due to deconsolidation of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company during the year   ..   (1,080.6)
Adjusted opening plan assets   15,190.5   14,011.0
Acquisition/(Divestitures)   50.8   (2.8)
Actual return on plan assets   551.6   989.6
Employer contributions   1,403.2   1,647.1
Benefits paid   (1,742.0)   (1,454.4)
Plan assets at the end of the year   15,454.1   15,190.5
Funded status   (1,343.7)   (279.5)
Amount recognized, net   (1,343.7)   (279.5)
Accumulated benefit obligation at year-end   10,111.0   9,422.6

F-
160

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the net gratuity cost.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Service cost   1,526.2   1,435.9   1,422.1
Interest cost   1,063.6   984.5   1,018.0
Expected return on plan assets   (1,092.2)   (1,019.5)   (953.1)
Amortization of prior service cost   8.3   8.3   1.6
Amortized actuarial (gain)/loss   10.2   16.2   12.1
Acquisition and divestiture (gain)/loss   ..   ..   ..
Exchange (gain)/loss   12.2   6.0   (6.5)
Gratuity cost, net   1,528.3   1,431.4   1,494.2

The discount rate
for the corresponding tenure of obligations for gratuity is selected by reference to local government security yield with a premium added
to reflect the additional risk for AAA rated corporate bonds.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost
.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Discount rate   6.7%   6.6%   7.4%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels   7.0%   7.1%   7.2%
Rate of return on plan assets   7.5%   7.5%   8.0%

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022
Discount rate   7.7%   6.6%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels   8.0%   7.0%

Plan assets

The Group determines
its assumptions for the expected rate of return on plan assets based on the expected average long-term rate of return over the next 7
to 8 years.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s asset allocation for gratuity by asset category based on fair values.

Rupees in million

At March 31,
2023   2022
Assets category
Investment in schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
Group balance fund 1   14,439.4   14,087.9
Group growth fund 2   1.7   58.5
Group debt fund 3   158.0   207.5
Group short-term debt fund 4   101.3   107.3
Total investment in schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   14,700.4   14,461.2
Investment in scheme of Life Insurance Corporation of India   425.4   418.1
Total assets managed by external entities   15,125.8   14,879.3
Special deposit with central government   290.0   290.0
Government debt securities   13.2   24.9
Balance with banks and others   25.1   (3.6)
Total   15,454.1   15,190.5

1.   Objective
                                            of the scheme is to provide a balance between long-term capital appreciation and current
                                            income through investment in equity as well as fixed income instruments in appropriate proportions.
                                            At March 31, 2023, investment in government securities, corporate bonds, fixed deposits and
                                            equity were 35.37%, 41.26%, 8.55% and 14.82% respectively.

2.   Objective
                                            of the scheme is to primarily generate long-term capital appreciation through investment
                                            in equity and equity related securities and complement it with current income through investment
                                            in fixed income instruments in appropriate proportions depending on market conditions prevalent
                                            from time to time. At March 31, 2023, investment in government securities, corporate bonds,
                                            fixed deposits and equity were 17.12%, 18.04%, 11.61% and 53.23% respectively.

3.   Objective
                                            of the scheme is to provide accumulation of income through investment in various fixed income
                                            securities. The Fund seeks to provide capital appreciation while maintaining suitable balance
                                            between return, safety and liquidity. At March 31, 2023, investment in government securities,
                                            corporate bonds, and fixed deposits were 29.59%, 60.25% and 10.16% respectively.

4.   Objective
                                            of the scheme is to provide suitable returns through low risk investments in debt and money
                                            market instruments while attempting to protect the capital deployed in the fund. At March
                                            31, 2023, investment in government securities, corporate bonds and fixed deposits were 14.67%,
                                            79.15% and 6.18% respectively, the rest is in money market instruments.

F-
161

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s target asset allocation for gratuity by asset category.

Description   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2024   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2023
Funds managed by external entities 1   98%   98%
Special deposit with central government   2%   2%
Debt securities   0%   0%
Total   100%   100%

1.   Targeted
                                            investment during fiscal 2024 of about 45% in Central Government securities, about 35% in
                                            corporate debt securities, about 5% in money market investment and about 15% in equity investment.

The plan assets primarily
consist of investments made in funds managed by external entities, which are primarily in equity, money market instruments and debt instruments
in different proportions depending on the objective of schemes. The value of the plan assets in funds managed by ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited has been arrived at based on the net asset value per unit of individual schemes. The value of plan assets in
the form of investments in scheme of LIC and special deposit with the Central Government are recorded at carrying value. The value of
plan assets in the form of debt securities is derived using Level 2 input.

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited administers the plan fund and it independently determines the target allocation by asset category. The
investment strategy is to invest in a prudent manner for providing benefits to the participants of the scheme. The strategies are targeted
to produce a return that, when combined with the Group’s contribution to the funds will maintain the fund’s ability to meet
all required benefit obligations. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited functions within the regulated investment norms.

LIC administers the
plan fund and it independently determines the target allocation by asset category. The selection of investments and the asset category
is determined by LIC. The investment strategy is to invest in a prudent manner to produce a return that will enable the fund to meet the
required benefit obligations. LIC, which is owned by Government of India, functions within regulated investment norms.

The plan assets are
mainly invested in various gratuity schemes of the insurance companies to limit the impact of individual investment. The Group’s
entire investment of plan assets is in India and 95.1% of investment is in various gratuity schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited. Insurers managing the plan assets of the Group consider operational risk, performance risk, credit risk and equity risk
in their investment policy as part of their risk management practices.

F-
162

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table
sets forth, the benefit expected to be paid in each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter.

Rupees in million

Amount
Expected Group contributions to the fund during the year ending March 31, 2024   1,600.0
Expected benefit payments from the fund during year ending March 31,
2024   2,465.2
2025   2,024.6
2026   2,098.5
2027   2,197.1
2028   2,433.6
Thereafter upto 10 years   13,654.3

The expected benefits
are based on the same assumptions as used to measure the Group’s benefit obligation at March 31, 2023.

Pension

The Group provides
for pension, a deferred retirement plan covering certain employees. The plan provides for a pension payment on a monthly basis to these
employees on their retirement based on the respective employee’s salary and years of employment with the Group. Employees covered
by the pension plan are not eligible for benefits under the provident fund plan. The pension plan pertained to the employees of erstwhile
Bank of Madura, erstwhile Sangli Bank and erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan which were acquired with effect from March 2001, April 2007 and
August 2010 respectively. The Group makes contribution to a trust which administers the funds on its own account or through insurance
companies.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the funded status of the plan and the amounts recognized in the financial statements.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022
Change in benefit obligations
Projected benefit obligations at beginning of the year   18,543.6   19,871.3
Service cost   150.8   200.7
Interest cost   1,152.3   1,151.9
Liability extinguished on settlement   (2,192.6)   (2,289.8)
Benefits paid   (99.8)   (118.2)
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligations   (178.3)   (272.2)
Projected benefit obligations at the end of the year   17,376.0   18,543.6
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of the year   19,843.2   21,162.1
Actual return on plan assets   840.0   1,288.8
Assets distributed on settlement   (2,436.2)   (2,544.2)
Employer contributions   42.9   54.7
Benefits paid   (99.8)   (118.2)
Plan assets at the end of the year   18,190.1   19,843.2
Funded status   814.1   1,299.6
Net amount recognized   814.1   1,299.6
Accumulated benefit obligation at year end   16,819.6   17,848.7

F-
163

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the net pension cost.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Service cost   150.8   200.7   204.4
Interest cost   1,152.3   1,151.9   1,209.1
Expected return on assets   (1,522.1)   (1,621.0)   (1,350.8)
Curtailment and settlement (gain)/loss   243.6   254.4   244.2
Actuarial (gain)/loss   1,402.5   1,779.8   1,528.0
Net pension cost   1,427.1   1,765.8   1,834.9

The discount rate
for the corresponding tenure of obligations for pension is selected by reference to government security yield with a premium added to
reflect the additional risk corresponding to AAA rated corporate bonds.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Discount rate   6.4%   5.9%   7.3%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels
On basic pay   1.5%   1.5%   1.5%
On dearness relief   7.0%   7.0%   7.0%
Rate of return on plan assets   7.5%   7.5%   8.0%
Pension increases (applicable on basic pension)   7.0%   7.0%   7.0%

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations.

Year
ended March 31,
2023   2022
Discount rate   7.8%   6.4%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels
On basic pay   1.5%   1.5%
On dearness relief   8.0%   7.0%
Pension increases (applicable on basic pension)   7.0%   7.0%

The compensation
escalation rate eligible for pension was determined at the time of acquisition and the same escalation rate is consistently considered
for computation of benefit obligations and periodic cost.

F-
164

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Plan Assets

The Group determines
its assumptions for the expected rate of return on plan assets based on the expected average long-term rate of return over the next 7
to 8 years.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s asset allocation and target asset allocation for pension by asset category based
on fair values.

Rupees in million

Asset
category   Fair
value at March 31, 2023   Fair
value at March 31, 2022   Target
asset allocation at March 31, 2024   Target
asset allocation at March 31, 2023
Government debt securities   7,592.9   9,264.4   42%   47%
Corporate debt securities   8,786.4   9,217.3   48%   46%
Equity securities   1,288.2   1,281.3   7%   6%
Balance with banks and others   522.6   80.2   3%   1%
Total   18,190.1   19,843.2   100%   100%

The valuation of
the government and corporate securities is derived using Level 2 inputs.

The Group’s
entire investment of plan assets are in India and invested in government securities, corporate bonds, equity securities and equity traded
funds. Trustees manage the plan assets of the Group by investing in above securities as per the investment pattern and guidelines prescribed
under the Indian income tax law. Securities are purchased after considering credit rating, comparative yields and tenure of investment.

The following table
sets forth, the benefit expected to be paid in each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter.

Rupees in million

Amount
Expected Group contributions to the fund during the year ending March 31, 2024   1,000.0
Expected benefit payments from the fund during the year ending March 31,
2024   1,086.9
2025   924.4
2026   915.1
2027   1,017.4
2028   1,038.1
Thereafter upto 10 years   7,080.9

The expected benefits
are based on the same assumption as used to measure the Group’s benefit obligation at March 31, 2023.

k)   Lease

The Group as lessee

The Group has entered
into lease arrangements primarily for the real estate office premises and for certain equipment used for the business purposes. For these
lease arrangements, the Group is required to make fixed lease payments adjusted for escalation clauses for certain lease arrangements,
except for certain assets where the variable lease payments are being made by the Group. The variable lease payments are determined primarily
based on the usage of the asset by the Group. None of these lease arrangements impose any restriction on the Group in relation to dividend
payments or incurring any additional financial obligations. The group has elected not to separate the lease and non-lease components of
these arrangements.

F-
165

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Operating lease

Operating lease liabilities
and right of use assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments
over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that represents the Group’s incremental borrowing rate for
financing instruments of a similar term and are included in accounts payable and other liabilities. The operating lease right of use asset,
included in premises and equipment, also includes any lease prepayments made, plus initial direct costs incurred, less any lease incentives
received. Rental expense associated with operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is included
in the consolidated statements of income. The following table sets forth, the information related to the Group’s operating leases.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Right-of-use assets at year end   52,069.1   46,568.7
Lease liability at year end   57,128.2   51,550.6
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities – operating cashflows from operating lease   11,139.4   10,904.8
Non-cash investing and financing activities – additions to right-of-use asset obtained from new operating lease liabilities   17,268.7   9,974.0
Weighted average remaining lease term (in years)   8.0 years   7.6 years
Weighted average discounting rate (in %)   6.1%   6.0%

The following table
sets forth, the future payments under operating leases as of March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31, 2023
Fiscal 2024   10,947.5
Fiscal 2025   10,034.3
Fiscal 2026   9,250.2
Fiscal 2027   8,382.1
Fiscal 2028   7,867.6
After Fiscal 2028   27,440.4
Total Lease payments   73,922.1
Less: Imputed interest   16,793.9
Lease liabilities at March 31, 2023   57,128.2

The Group does not
have any other significant future commitments at the end of fiscal 2023.

F-
166

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Finance lease

Finance lease liabilities
and right of use assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments
over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that represents the implicit rate in the lease. Rental expense
associated with finance leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is included in the consolidated statements
of income. The following tables provide information related to the Bank’s finance leases:

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Right-of-use assets at year end   832.6   1,061.0
Lease liability at year end   929.3   1,124.6
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities a.        finance cashflows from finance lease b.       operating cashflows from finance lease   220.0 93.5   183.2 106.4
Non-cash investing and financing activities – additions to right-of-use asset obtained from new finance lease liabilities   11.7   388.3
Weighted average remaining lease term (in years)   4.1 years   4.8 years
Weighted average discounting rate (in %)   10.2%   10.6%

The following table sets forth,
the future payments under finance leases as of March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31, 2023
Fiscal 2024   326.0
Fiscal 2025   306.3
Fiscal 2026   213.5
Fiscal 2027   180.4
Fiscal 2028   66.1
After Fiscal 2028   15.0
Total Lease payments   1,107.3
Less: Imputed interest   178.0
Lease liabilities at March 31, 2023   929.3

Lease cost

The Group’s lease cost
recognized in profit and loss account during the fiscal year is as below.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022
Finance lease cost
Amortisation of right-to-use assets   240.1   195.4
Interest on lease liabilities   106.5   108.8
Operating lease cost   11,578.6   11,424.5
Short-term lease cost   3.9   0.9
Variable lease cost   4,658.9   4,552.7
Less: Sublease income   (12.8)   (51.1)
Total lease cost   16,575.2   16,231.2

F-
167

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

I)

Income taxes

Components of deferred tax
balances

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, components of the deferred tax balances.

Rupees in million

At March 31,
2023   2022
Deferred tax assets
Allowance for credit losses   96,231.3   100,963.3
Debt and equity securities   3,138.4   8.5
Business and capital loss carry forwards   8,569.7   6,890.2
Financial instruments   2,843.0   2,727.0
Investments in affiliates   30,153.5   30,224.8
Lease liability   14,334.5   12,929.7
Others   7,036.4   3,655.2
Total deferred tax assets   162,306.8   157,398.7
Valuation allowance   (3,553.3)   (878.2)
Total deferred tax assets (net of valuation allowance)   158,753.5   156,520.5
Deferred tax liabilities
Debt and equity securities   ..   (6,485.1)
Property, plant and equipment   (5,044.8)   (4,559.8)
Investments in branches, subsidiaries and affiliates   (12,764.9)   (25,357.7)
Amortization of fees and costs   (9,271.8)   (7,999.9)
Non-banking assets   (6,194.3)   (6,273.4)
Right to use assets   (13,061.3)   (11,675.8)
Others   (3,902.7)   (2,913.0)
Total deferred tax liabilities   (50,239.8)   (65,264.7)
Net deferred tax assets   108,513.7   91,255.8

In assessing the
realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable
income during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible. Management considers carryback availability, the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on
the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable incomes over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are
deductible, management believes that it is more likely than not that the Group will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets, net
of the existing valuation allowances at March 31, 2023 and 2022. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however could
be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income are reduced.

The Indian statutory
income tax rate, including surcharge and cess was 25.17% for the year ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.

Reconciliation of income tax expense

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of expected income tax expense at the Indian statutory income tax rate, the income
tax rate in our country of domicile to reported income tax expense/(benefit).

F-
168

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Income/(loss) before income tax expense from continuing operations
In India   359,939.4   622,481.7   308,259.6
Outside India   6,381.2   5,922.9   (4,663.4)
Total   366,320.6   628,404.6   303,596.2
Statutory tax rate   25.17%   25.17%   25.17%
Effective tax rate   28.96%   16.86%   22.20%
Income tax expense/(benefit) at the statutory tax rate   92,195.6   158,156.9   76,409.1
Increases/(reductions) in taxes on account of:
Special tax deductions available to financial institutions/insurance companies through appropriation of profits to a Special Reserve   (6,580.8)   (3,669.5)   (2,743.2)
Exempt interest and dividend income   (832.9)   (964.7)   (198.9)
Income charged at rates other than statutory tax rate 1   15,997.8   (37,780.6)   63.8
Expenses disallowed for income tax purposes   2,861.6   2,021.3   1,617.9
Tax on investment and undistributed earnings  in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates 2   2,139.4   (9,340.1)   (2,313.0)
Change in valuation allowance   2,675.1   (71.3)   (2,404.5)
Tax adjustments in respect of prior year tax assessments   276.2   (230.6)   108.4
Others   (2,629.4)   (2,144.3)   (1,087.2)
Income tax expense/(benefit) reported   106,102.6   105,977.2   69,452.4
Current tax expense
In India   111,869.8   73,064.0   61,312.2
Outside India   1,694.8   600.3   301.9
Total   113,564.6   73,664.3   61,614.1
Deferred tax (benefit)/expense
In India 3   (7,517.5)   31,858.2   6,490.9
Outside India   55.5   454.7   1,347.4
Total   (7,462.0)   32,312.9   7,838.3

1.   During
                                            fiscal 2022, includes tax effect of Rs. (35,006.1) million on gains due to remeasurement
                                            of equity interest in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

2.   During
                                            fiscal 2022, the Bank had recognized a deferred tax asset amounting to Rs. 8,247.7 million
                                            on the investment in its equity affiliate (ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited).

3.   During
                                            fiscal 2023, includes income tax expense of Rs 2,683.1 million for an increase of a valuation
                                            allowance because of a change in judgment about the realizability of a beginning-of-the-year
                                            deferred tax assets for capital loss carryforwards of the Bank in future years.

The following
table sets forth the details of the amount and expiration dates of operating loss carry forwards at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Expiry period   Bank   Subsidiaries   Overseas branches
Capital loss carry forwards
April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2028   1,000.3   2,069.1   ..
April 1, 2028 to March 31, 2033   27,353.3   88.1   ..
Total capital loss carry forwards   28,353.6   2,157.2   ..
Business loss carry forwards
April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2028   ..   659.6   ..
April 1, 2028 to March 31, 2033   ..   899.3   ..
April 1, 2033 to March 31, 2038   ..   29.0   5,798.1
April 1, 2038 to March 31, 2043   ..   0.4   ..
Indefinite period   ..   3,325.1   5,937.8
Total business loss carry forwards   ..   4,913.4   11,735.9

F-
169

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Accounting for uncertainty in income taxes

The Group has a policy
to include interest and penalties on income taxes, if any, within interest expense or income and income tax expense respectively. However,
no interest expense has been recognized in view of the adequate income taxes paid by the Group. No penalties have been accrued as of March
31, 2023 and 2022, as the Group believes that the tax positions taken have met the minimum statutory requirements to avoid payment of
penalties.

The Group has recognized
income with respect to interest accrued or received on tax refunds due to the Group against favourable orders received from tax authorities
amounting to Rs. 1,149.5 million, Rs. 2,434.3 million and Rs. 2,569.7 million during the year ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively.
Further, the Group does not recognize the interest income accrued on advance income taxes paid against various income tax matters until
the related matter is resolved with the taxing authority. Unrecognized interest on such advance income taxes paid is Rs. 13,866.7 million
and Rs. 11,636.2 million at March 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Beginning balance   36,271.5   35,856.2   31,945.3
Increases related to prior year tax positions.   41.8   ..   1,227.3
Increases related to current year tax positions   5,462.6   4,116.5   2,740.5
Decreases related to prior year tax positions   (1,633.1)   (3,701.2)   (56.9)
Ending balance   40,142.8   36,271.5   35,856.2

The Group’s
total unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce income tax expense and thereby would affect the Group’s effective tax
rate.

The Group’s
major tax jurisdiction is India and the assessments are not yet completed for fiscal 2020 and onwards. However, appeals filed by the Group
are pending with various local tax authorities in India from fiscal 1990 onwards.

Significant changes
in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated as the changes would depend upon the
progress of tax examinations with various taxing authorities.

m)

Earnings per share

Basic earnings per
share is net income per weighted average equity shares. Diluted earnings per share reflects the effect that existing options would have
on the basic earnings per share if they were to be exercised, by increasing the number of equity shares.

F-
170

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

The basic and diluted
earnings per share under U.S. GAAP differs to the extent that income under U.S. GAAP differs.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the computation of earnings per share as per U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million, except per share data

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Basic   Diluted   Basic   Diluted   Basic   Diluted
Earnings
Net income attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders (before dilutive impact)   249,993.7   249,993.7   511,792.6   511,792.6   213,700.7   213,700.7
Contingent issuances of subsidiaries/equity affiliates   ..   (441.8)   ..   (224.1)   ..   (415.9)
249,993.7   249,551.9   511,792.6   511,568.5   213,700.7   213,284.8
Common stock
Weighted-average common stock outstanding   6,966.3   6,966.3   6,933.7   6,933.7   6,743.4   6,743.4
Dilutive effect of employee stock options   ..   130.0   ..   131.2   ..   86.6
Total   6,966.3   7,096.3   6,933.7   7,064.9   6,743.4   6,830.0
Earnings per share (Rs.)   35.89   35.17   73.81   72.41   31.69   31.23

n)

Comprehensive income

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, details of comprehensive income.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2023   2022   2021
Net income/(loss) (net of tax) excluding non-controlling interest   249,993.7   511,792.6   213,700.7
Other Comprehensive Income:
Net unrealized gain/(loss) on securities, net of realization & others (net of tax) 1   (34,719.5)   (33,087.7)   4,643.9
Translation adjustments (net of tax) 2   2,476.1   (838.1)   (4,825.3)
Employee accounting for deferred benefit pensions and other post retirement benefits (net of tax) 3   (61.3)   1,161.2   (1,050.3)
Comprehensive income attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   217,689.0   479,028.0   212,469.0
Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests   10,301.6   14,041.9   21,325.7
Total comprehensive income   227,990.6   493,069.9   233,794.7

1.   Net
                                            of tax effect of Rs. (10,211.3) million, Rs. (8,963.5) million and Rs. 1,483.2 million for
                                            the year ended March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 respectively.

2.   Net
                                            of tax effect of Rs. 630.5 million, Rs. (466.6) million and Rs. (1,747.0) million for the
                                            year ended March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 respectively.

3.   Net
                                            of tax effect of Rs. (14.4) million, Rs. 390.6 million and Rs. (345.7) million for the year
                                            ended March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 respectively.

F-
171

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

o)

Guarantees

As a part of its
project financing and commercial banking activities, the Group has issued guarantees to enhance the credit standing of its customers.
These generally represent irrevocable assurances that the Group will make payments in the event that the customer fails to fulfill its
financial or performance obligations. Financial guarantees are obligations to pay a third party beneficiary where a customer fails to
make payment towards a specified financial obligation. Performance guarantees are obligations to pay a third party beneficiary where a
customer fails to perform a non-financial contractual obligation. The guarantees are generally for a period not exceeding 10 years.

The credit risks
associated with these products, as well as the operating risks, are similar to those relating to other types of financial instruments.
The current carrying amount of the liability for the Group’s obligations under the guarantees at March 31, 2023 amounted to Rs.
7,713.8 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 8,049.8 million).

The following table
sets forth, the details of guarantees outstanding at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Nature of guarantee   Maximum potential amount of future payments under guarantee
Less than 1 year   1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Financial guarantees   460,062.6   194,977.2   29,149.4   11,423.1   695,612.3
Performance guarantees   343,517.9   352,135.4   69,022.1   19,491.4   784,166.8
Total guarantees   803,580.5   547,112.6   98,171.5   30,914.5   1,479,779.1

The following table sets forth, the details of guarantees
outstanding at March 31, 2022.

Rupees in million

Nature of guarantee   Maximum potential amount of future payments under guarantee
Less than 1 year   1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Financial guarantees   257,758.7   266,161.4   30,650.5   6,061.5   560,632.1
Performance guarantees   260,614.3   343,329.8   74,327.6   17,203.8   695,745.5
Total guarantees   518,373.0   609,491.2   104,978.1   23,265.3   1,256,107.6

The Group has collateral
available to reimburse potential losses on its guarantees. At March 31, 2023, margins in the form of cash and fixed deposit available
to the Group to reimburse losses realized under guarantees amounted to Rs. 243,659.2 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 220,022.8 million).
Other property or security may also be available to the Group to cover losses under these guarantees.

Performance risk

For each corporate
borrower, a credit rating is assigned at the time the exposure is being evaluated for approval and the rating is reviewed periodically
thereafter. At the time of assigning a credit rating, the possibility of non-performance or non-payment is evaluated. Additionally, an
assessment of the borrower's capacity to repay obligations in the event of invocation is also evaluated. Thus, a comprehensive risk assessment
is undertaken at the time of sanctioning such exposures and reviewed periodically thereafter.

F-
172

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

23.   Regulatory matters

Statutory liquidity requirement

In accordance with the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949, the Bank is required to maintain a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities by way of liquid
unencumbered assets like cash, gold and approved securities. The amount of securities required to be maintained at March 31, 2023 was
Rs. 2,067,305.8 million (March 31, 2022: Rs. 1,853,475.8 million), and the Bank complied with the requirement throughout the year.

Capital Adequacy

The Bank is subject to Basel
III capital adequacy guidelines stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India with effect from April 1, 2013. As per the guidelines, the Tier-1
capital is made up of Common Equity Tier-1 and additional Tier-1.

At March 31, 2023, the Bank
is required to maintain minimum Common Equity Tier-1 capital ratio of 8.20%, minimum Tier-1 capital ratio of 9.70% and minimum total capital
ratio of 11.70%. The minimum total capital requirement includes capital conservation buffer of 2.50% and additional Common Equity Tier-1
capital surcharge of 0.20% on account of the Bank being designated as a Domestic Systemically Important Bank. Under Pillar 1 of the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines on Basel III, the Bank follows the standardized approach for measurement of credit risk, standardized duration
method for measurement of market risk and basic indicator approach for measurement of operational risk.

The total capital adequacy
ratio of the Bank calculated in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on Basel III at March 31, 2023 was 18.34% (March
31, 2022: 19.16%). These are based on unconsolidated financial statements as per Indian GAAP.

F-
173

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements

24.   Impact of deconsolidation of ICICI General on previous period numbers

From September 8,
2021 (the effective date of merger), ICICI General ceased to be a subsidiary and became affiliate of the Bank and accordingly has been
accounted as per the equity method of accounting in Consolidated Financial Statements under U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the numbers for previous
periods may not be comparable.

For and on behalf of Board
of Directors

/s/ Sandeep Bakhshi Managing Director &
CEO   /s/ Sandeep Batra Executive Director
/s/ Anindya Banerjee Group Chief Financial Officer   /s/ Prachiti Lalingkar Company Secretary
/s/ Rajendra Khandelwal Chief Accountant

Mumbai

July 28, 2023

F-
174
