
20-F

1

dp213313_20f.htm

FORM 20-F

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2024

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 20-F

(Mark One)

□   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT
                                            TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☒   ANNUAL
                                            REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024.

OR

□   TRANSITION
                                            REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from _____________________________ to

_____________________________.

OR

□   SHELL
                                            COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of event requiring this shell company report
_____________________________

For
the transition period from
  _____________________________ to

_____________________________.

Commission file
number: 001-15002

ICICI BANK LIMITED

(Exact name of Registrant
as specified in its charter)

India

(Jurisdiction
of incorporation or organization)

ICICI Bank Towers

Bandra-Kurla Complex

Mumbai 400051, India

(Address of principal
executive offices)

Name: Anindya
Banerjee / Abhinek Bhargava

Telephone:
+91 22 2653 6173

Email:
anindya.banerjee@icicibank.com / abhinek.bhargava@icicibank.com

Office address:
ICICI Bank Towers, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai – 400051, India

 (Name, Telephone,
E-mail and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class   Trading Symbol(s)   Name of each exchange on which registered
Equity Shares of ICICI Bank Limited (1)   IBN   The New York Stock Exchange
American Depositary Shares, each representing two Equity Shares of
ICICI Bank Limited, par value
Rs. 2 per share

_______________________

1
 Not for trading, but only
in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares representing such Equity Shares pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities and Exchange Commissi
on.

Table of Contents

[None]

Securities registered or to be registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

[None]

Securities for which there is a reporting
obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act:

[None]

Indicate the number of outstanding shares
of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report.

The number of outstanding Equity Shares
of ICICI Bank Limited as of March 31, 2024 was 7,022,335,643.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes
☒
	   No

☐

If this report is an annual
or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Yes
☐
	   No

☒

Note
– Checking
the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections.

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes
☒
	   No

☐

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files).

Yes
☐

   No
☐

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition
of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large
Accelerated Filer
☒
 Accelerated Filer
☐

Non-accelerated Filer
☐
 Emerging Growth Company
☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares
its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act.
☐

†The term “new or revised
financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards
Codification after April 5, 2012.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on the attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report.
☒

If securities are registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.
☐

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of
the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b).
☐

Table of Contents

Indicate by check mark which
basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

☐   U.S.
                                            GAAP

☐   International
                                            Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board

☒   Other

If “Other” has
been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to
follow.

□
Item 17
☒
 Item 18

If this is an annual report, indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes
☐

No
☒

(APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS)

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.

Yes
☐
 No
☐

Table of Contents

table
of contents

Page

Cross Reference Sheet

2

Certain Definitions

3

Forward-Looking Statements

4

Market Price Information

5

Risk Factors

6

Major Shareholders

48

Related Party Transactions

50

Business

56

Overview

56

History

57

Strategy

57

Overview of Our Products and Services

59

Commercial Banking for Retail Customers

59

Retail Lending for Rural Customers

62

Commercial Banking for Small and Medium Enterprises and Business Banking

64

Commercial Banking for Corporate Customers

64

Commercial Banking for Government and Institutions

66

Commercial Banking for International Customers

66

Branch and ATM Netword and Call Centers

67

Investment Banking

68

Private Equity

70

Asset Management

70

Insurance

71

Risk Management

72

Audit

88

Loan Portfolio

92

Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

95

Technology

97

Competition

101

Employees

103

Properties

104

Legal and Regulatory Proceedings

104

American Depository Receipt Fees and Payments

109

Selected Statiscal Information

111

Operating and Financial Review and Prospects

134

Management

196

Supervision and Regulation

220

Exchange Controls

243

Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities

245

Dividends

250

Taxation

251

Presentation of Financial Information

259

Additional Information

261

Exhibit Index

263

Table of Contents

Cross
Reference Sheet

Form 20-F   Item Caption   Location   Page No.
Part – I
Item 1   Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers   Not Applicable
Item 2   Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable   Not Applicable
Item 3   Key Information   Risk Factors   6
Item 4   Information on the Company   Business   56
Selected Statistical Information   111
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   134
Supervision and Regulation   220
Additional Information—Documents on Display   262
Item 4A   Unresolved Staff Comments   Not Applicable
Item 5   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   146
Business—Risk Management   72
Selected Statistical Information—Funding   120
Item 6   Directors, Senior Management and Employees   Management   196
Business—Employees   103
Item 7   Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions   Major Shareholders   48
Related Party Transactions   50
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Loans   217
Schedule 18 Note 2 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   F-46
Item 8   Financial Information   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-3
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto   F-10
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects   134
Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings   104
Dividends   250
Item 9   The Offer and Listing   Market Price Information   5
Item 10   Additional Information   Additional Information   261
Exchange Controls   243
Taxation   251
Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities   245
Dividends   250
Business—Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures   95
Item 11   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   Business—Risk Management—Market Risk   79
Selected Statistical Information–Risk Management   122
Item 12   Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities   Business—American Depository Receipt Fees and Payments   109
Part – II
Item 13   Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies   Not Applicable
Item 14   Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds   Not Applicable
Item 15   Controls and Procedures   Management—Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices—Controls and Procedures   210
Item 16A   Audit Committee Financial Expert   Management—Corporate Governance—Audit Committee   205
Item 16B   Code of Ethics   Management—Corporate Governance—Code of Ethics   209
Item 16C   Principal Accountant Fees and Services   Management—Corporate Governance—Principal Accountant Fees and Services   209
Item 16D   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees   Not Applicable
Item 16E   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers   Not Applicable
Item 16F   Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant   Not Applicable
Item 16G   Corporate Governance   Management—Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices   209
Item 16H   Mine Safety Disclosure   Not Applicable
Item 16I   Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections   Not Applicable
Item 16J   Insider Trading Policies   Management—Corporate Governance—Code of Ethics—Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading   209
Item 16K   Cybersecurity   Business—Risk Management—Cyber Security   87
Part – III
Item 17   Financial Statements   See Item 18
Item 18   Financial Statements   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-3
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto   F-10
Item 19   Exhibits   Exhibit Index and Attached Exhibits   263

2

Table of Contents

Certain
Definitions

In this annual
report, all references to “we”, “our”, and “us” are to ICICI Bank Limited and its consolidated subsidiaries
and other consolidated entities under generally accepted accounting principles in India (“Indian GAAP”). In the financial
statements contained in this annual report and the notes thereto, all references to “the Company” are to ICICI Bank Limited
and its consolidated subsidiaries and other consolidated entities under Indian GAAP.

References to specific
data applicable to particular subsidiaries or other consolidated entities are made by reference to the name of that particular entity.
References to the “amalgamation” are to the amalgamation of ICICI, ICICI Personal Financial Services and ICICI Capital Services
with ICICI Bank. References to “Sangli Bank” are to The Sangli Bank Limited prior to its amalgamation with ICICI Bank, effective
April 19, 2007. References to “Bank of Rajasthan” are to the Bank of Rajasthan Limited prior to its amalgamation with ICICI
Bank, effective from the close of business at August 12, 2010.

References to “ICICI
Bank” and “the Bank” are to ICICI Bank Limited on an unconsolidated basis. References to a particular “fiscal”
year are to the year ended on March 31 of such a year. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to the “Board of Directors”
and the “Board” are to the board of directors of ICICI Bank.

All references
to the “Companies Act”, the “Banking Regulation Act” and the “Reserve Bank of India Act” are, respectively,
to the Companies Act, 2013, the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 as passed by the Indian Parliament
and as amended from time to time. All references to “RBI” and the “Reserve Bank of India” are to the central
banking and monetary authority of India.

Pursuant to the
issuance and listing of our securities in the United States under registration statements filed with the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission, we file annual reports on Form 20-F which must include financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP), or financial statements prepared according to a comprehensive body of accounting principles
with a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP. When we first listed our securities in the United States,
Indian GAAP was not considered a comprehensive body of accounting principles under the United States securities laws and regulations.
However, pursuant to a significant expansion of Indian accounting standards, Indian GAAP constitutes a comprehensive body of accounting
principles. Accordingly, we have included in this annual report, as in the annual reports for fiscal years 2022 through 2024, consolidated
financial statements prepared according to Indian GAAP, with a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP
and a description of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Our annual report
prepared and distributed to our shareholders under Indian law and regulations include unconsolidated Indian GAAP financial statements,
management’s discussion and analysis of the Bank’s results of operations and financial condition based on the Bank’s
unconsolidated Indian GAAP financial statements and our consolidated Indian GAAP financial statements.

The economic and
industry data and information presented in this document are sourced from government statistical releases, press releases and notifications
by the Government of India, the Reserve Bank of India and other regulators, data available on the websites of the Government of India,
Reserve Bank of India, other regulators and industry bodies.

3

Table of Contents

Forward-Looking
Statements

We have included
statements in this annual report which contain words or phrases such as “will”, “would”, “aim”, “aimed”,
“will likely result”, “is likely”, “are likely”, “believe”, “expect”, “expected
to”, “will continue”, “will achieve”, “anticipate”, “estimate”, “estimating”,
“intend”, “plan”, “contemplate”, “seek to”, “seeking to”, “trying to”,
“target”, “propose to”, “future”, “objective”, “goal”, “project”,
“should”, “can”, “could”, “may”, “will pursue” and similar expressions or
variations of such expressions that may constitute “forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, opportunities and growth potential to differ materially
from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the actual growth
in demand for banking and other financial products and services in the countries in which we operate or where a material number of our
customers reside; the level and direction of interest rates, the yield on our loans and investments and the cost of our funding; future
levels of non-performing and restructured loans and any increased provisions and regulatory and legal changes relating to those loans;
our ability to successfully implement our strategies, including our growth strategy, our strategic use of technology and the internet
and our strategy for resolution of non-performing assets; the resilience of our technology infrastructure; the continued service of our
senior management; the outcome of any legal, tax or regulatory proceedings in India and in other jurisdictions in which we are or become
a party to; the outcome of any internal or independent enquiries or regulatory or governmental investigations; our expansion or increased
presence in areas such as small business and unsecured retail lending; our exploration of merger and acquisition opportunities; our ability
to integrate recent or future mergers or acquisitions into our operations and manage the risks associated with such acquisitions to achieve
our strategic and financial objectives; our ability to manage the increased complexity of the risks that we face in our international
operations; our growth and expansion in domestic and overseas markets; our status as a systemically important bank in India; our ability
to maintain enhanced capital and liquidity requirements; the adequacy of our allowance for credit and investment losses; our ability
to market new products; investment income; cash flow projections; the impact of any changes in India’s credit rating; the impact
of any new accounting standards or new accounting framework; our ability to implement our dividend payment practice; the impact of changes
in banking and insurance regulations and other regulatory changes in India and other jurisdictions on us, including changes in regulatory
intensity, supervision and interpretations; the state of the global financial system and systemic risks; the bond and loan market conditions
and availability of liquidity amongst the investor community in these markets; the nature of credit spreads and interest spreads from
time to time, including the possibility of increasing credit spreads or interest rates; our ability to roll over our short-term funding
sources and our exposure to credit, market, liquidity and reputational risks. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof.

In addition, other
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated by the forward-looking statements contained in this
annual report include, but are not limited to, the monetary and interest rate policies of India and the other markets in which we operate,
general economic and political conditions in India, southeast Asia, and the other countries which have an impact on our business activities
or investments, political or financial instability in India or any other country caused by any factor including regional hostilities,
terrorist attacks or social unrest, man-made or natural disasters and catastrophes, climate change events, inflation, deflation, unanticipated
turbulence in interest rates, changes or volatility in the value of the rupee, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or
prices, the performance of the financial markets in general, changes in domestic and foreign laws, regulations and taxes, changes in
competition and the pricing environment in India and regional or general changes in asset valuations. For a further discussion of the
factors that could cause actual results to differ, see the discussion under “Risk Factors” contained in this annual report.

4

Table of Contents

Market
Price Information

Equity Shares

Our outstanding
equity shares are currently listed and traded on the BSE Limited, and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

At June 28, 2024,
total 7,036,188,396 equity shares were outstanding. The prices for equity shares as quoted in the official list of each of the Indian
stock exchanges are in Indian rupees.

At June 28, 2024,
there were 1,891,442 holders of record of our equity shares, of which 2,798 had registered addresses in the United States and held an
aggregate of 2,066,866 equity shares.

ADSs

Our ADSs, each
representing two equity shares, were originally issued in March 2000 in a public offering and are listed and traded on the New York Stock
Exchange under the symbol IBN. The equity shares underlying the ADSs are listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of
India Limited.

At June 28, 2024,
we had 686 million ADSs, equivalent to about 1,373 million equity shares, outstanding. At June 28, 2024, there were 188,864 record holders
of our ADSs, out of which 77 have registered addresses in the United States.

See also “Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to ADSs and Equity Shares—Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price
or liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs
”.

5

Table of Contents

Risk
Factors

You should carefully
consider the following risk factors as well as other information contained in this annual report in evaluating us and our business.

Summary

Our business is
subject to various risks and uncertainties. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following:

Risks relating to India and other
economic and market risks

·   A
                                            prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer.

·   Financial
                                            instability in other countries, particularly countries where we have established operations,
                                            could adversely affect our business.

·   Any
                                            downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency
                                            debt by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, liquidity and
                                            the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Any
                                            adverse impact on India’s external position due to an increase in the price of crude
                                            oil, the current account deficit, the outflow of foreign capital or exchange rate volatility
                                            could adversely affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business.

·   The
                                            banking and financial markets in India are still evolving, and the Indian financial system
                                            could experience difficulties which could adversely affect our business and the prices of
                                            our equity shares and ADSs.

·   A
                                            significant change in the Indian government’s policies, including economic policies,
                                            fiscal policies and structural reforms, could adversely affect our business and the prices
                                            of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Natural
                                            disasters, climate change and health epidemics could adversely affect the Indian economy,
                                            or the economy of other countries where we operate, which could adversely affect our business
                                            and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   If
                                            regional hostilities, terrorist attacks, or social unrest in India or elsewhere increase,
                                            our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Risks that arise as a result of
our presence in a highly regulated sector

·   The
                                            enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk
                                            of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.

·   We
                                            may be subject to fines, restrictions or other sanctions for regulatory compliance failures,
                                            which may adversely affect our financial position or our ability to expand our activities.

·   We
                                            are at risk of inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities, which
                                            may adversely affect our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us to incur
                                            additional costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct business.

·   We
                                            are subject to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, which may
                                            also involve buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any
                                            shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required to be invested in Government of India
                                            schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability. We may also experience
                                            a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely
                                            impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares
                                            and ADSs.

6

Table of Contents

·   We
                                            are subject to capital adequacy requirements stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, including
                                            Basel III, as well as general market expectations regarding the level of capital adequacy
                                            large Indian private sector banks should maintain, and any inability to maintain adequate
                                            capital due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise
                                            may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.

·   We
                                            are subject to liquidity requirements of the Reserve Bank of India as well as those of banking
                                            regulators in our overseas locations, and any inability to maintain adequate liquidity due
                                            to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our
                                            ability to grow and support our businesses.

·   Changes
                                            in the regulation and structure of the financial markets in India may adversely impact our
                                            business.

·   The
                                            opportunities for growth in our international operations and our ability to repatriate capital
                                            from these operations may be limited by the local regulatory environments.

·   The
                                            board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, taken action against
                                            the former Managing Director and CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries
                                            in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have violated applicable laws or regulations,
                                            the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory actions that may result in legal and
                                            reputation risk for the Bank.

·   Our
                                            asset management, private equity, insurance and securities broking subsidiaries are subject
                                            to extensive regulation and supervision which can lead to increased costs or additional restrictions
                                            on their activities that could adversely impact the Bank.

·   Adoption
                                            of a different basis of accounting or new accounting standards may result in changes in our
                                            reported financial position and results of operations for future and prior periods.

 Risks relating to our business

·   If
                                            the level of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio
                                            deteriorates, our business will suffer.

·   We
                                            have a high concentration of loans to certain customers, borrower groups and sectors and
                                            if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of our
                                            loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely
                                            affected.

·   The
                                            value of our collateral may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing our collateral
                                            when borrowers default on their obligations to us which may result in failure to recover
                                            the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential loss.

·   Our
                                            banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements
                                            in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed
                                            income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio
                                            and our financial performance.

7

Table of Contents

·   Our
                                            inability to effectively manage credit, market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation
                                            models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization,
                                            credit ratings and cost of funds.

·   Our
                                            funding is primarily short-term and if depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity,
                                            our business could be adversely affected.

·   A
                                            determination against us in respect of disputed tax assessments may adversely impact our
                                            financial performance.

·   Negative
                                            publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results
                                            and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   The
                                            exposures of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our
                                            business, financial condition and results of operations.

·   Entry
                                            into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased
                                            risks that may adversely affect our business.

·   Commission,
                                            exchange and brokerage income, profit on foreign exchange transactions and other sources
                                            of fee income are important elements of our profitability, and regulatory changes and market
                                            conditions could cause these income streams to decline and adversely impact our financial
                                            performance.

·   Our
                                            industry is very competitive and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.

·   There
                                            is operational risk associated with the financial industry which, when realized, may have
                                            an adverse impact on our business.

·   Our
                                            failure to establish, maintain and apply an adequate internal control over financial reporting
                                            could have a material adverse affect on our reputation, business, financial condition or
                                            results of operations.

·   We
                                            and our customers are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

·   We
                                            may seek opportunities for growth through acquisitions, divest our existing businesses, or
                                            be required to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and could face integration
                                            and other acquisitions risks.

·   We
                                            depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties.

·   We
                                            are involved in various litigations. Any final judgment awarding material damages against
                                            us could have a material adverse impact on our future financial performance and our stockholders’
                                            equity.

·   We
                                            continue to expand our branch network and any inability to use these branches productively
                                            may have an adverse impact on our growth and profitability.

·   We
                                            depend on the knowledge and skills of our senior management. Any inability to attract and
                                            retain them and other talented professionals or any loss of senior management or other talented
                                            professionals may adversely impact our business.

8

Table of Contents

Risks relating to technology

·   The
                                            growing use of technology in banking and financial services creates additional risks of competition,
                                            reliability and security.

·   We
                                            face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks
                                            targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and
                                            identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely
                                            affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.

·   System
                                            failures or system downtime could adversely impact our business.

Risks relating to our insurance
subsidiaries

·   Additional
                                            capital requirements of our insurance entities or our inability to monetize a part of our
                                            shareholding or make additional investments in these entities as required may adversely impact
                                            our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   While
                                            our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance
                                            of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability.

·   Actuarial
                                            experience and other factors could differ from assumptions made in the calculation of life
                                            actuarial reserves and other actuarial information.

·   Loss
                                            reserves for our subsidiary’s general insurance business are based on estimates as
                                            to future claims liabilities and adverse developments relating to claims could lead to further
                                            reserve additions and materially adversely affect the operation of our general insurance
                                            subsidiary.

·   The
                                            financial results of our insurance companies could be materially adversely affected by the
                                            occurrence of a catastrophe.

Risks relating to ADSs and equity
shares

·   You
                                            will not be able to vote your ADSs and your ability to withdraw equity shares from the depositary
                                            facility is subject to delays and legal restrictions.

·   Your
                                            holdings may be diluted by additional issuances of equity and any dilution may adversely
                                            affect the market prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   You
                                            may be unable to exercise pre-emptive rights available to other shareholders.

·   Your
                                            ability to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion
                                            of rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency and the repatriation of such foreign
                                            currency may be subject to delays if specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

·   Restrictions
                                            on reissuance and deposit of equity shares in the depositary facility could adversely affect
                                            the price of our ADSs.

·   Certain
                                            shareholders own a large percentage of our equity shares and their actions could adversely
                                            affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

·   Conditions
                                            in the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity
                                            shares and ADSs.

9

Table of Contents

·   Settlement
                                            of trades of equity shares on Indian stock exchanges may be subject to delays.

·   Because
                                            the equity shares underlying ADSs are quoted in rupees in India, you may be subject to potential
                                            losses arising out of exchange rate risk on the Indian rupee.

·   You
                                            may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains.

·   There
                                            may be less company information available in Indian securities markets than in securities
                                            markets in the United States.

Risks relating to India and other
economic and market risks

A prolonged slowdown
in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer.

We are heavily
dependent upon the state of the Indian economy, and a slowdown in growth in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business, our
borrowers, our counterparties and other constituents, especially if such a slowdown was to be prolonged. India’s gross domestic
product declined by 5.8% in fiscal 2021 as the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and consequent lockdowns and other containment measures
negatively impacted economic activity during the year. However, India’s gross domestic product is estimated to have grown by 8.2%
in fiscal 2024 (as per Second Advance Estimates (SAE) of National Statistical Office (NSO)) compared with the 7.0% first revised estimates
for fiscal 2023.

An economic slowdown
and a general decline in business activity in India could impose stress on our borrowers’ financial soundness and profitability
and thus expose us to increased credit risk.

Economic growth
in India is also influenced by inflation, interest rates, external trade and capital flows. The level of inflation or depreciation of
the Indian rupee may limit monetary easing or cause monetary policy tightening. Any increase in inflation, due to increase in domestic
food prices or global prices of commodities, including crude oil, the impact of currency depreciation on the prices of imported commodities
and additional pass through of higher fuel prices to consumers, or otherwise, may result in a tightening of monetary policy. Between
May 2022 and February 2023, the Monetary Policy Committee increased the repo rate by 250 basis points from 4.00% to 6.50% in response
to the rise in inflation. In its meetings during fiscal 2024 and thereafter in April and June 2024, the Monetary Policy Committee kept
the repo rate unchanged and decided to remain focused on withdrawal of accommodation to ensure that inflation progressively aligns within
the target of 4%, while supporting growth.

There are uncertainties
remain in the global environment due to geo-political tensions, uncertainties around global growth recovery, volatility in commodity
prices and inflation. Adverse changes to global liquidity conditions, comparative interest rates and risk appetite could lead to significant
capital outflows from India, which could adversely affect our business. For instance, the increased uncertainties and risk aversion caused
by the COVID-19 pandemic led to significant net outflows of investments by foreign portfolio investors from Indian equity and debt markets
in an aggregate amount of approximately US$ 14.7 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2020. For the fiscal year 2024, Foreign
Portfolio Investments (FPI) increased sharply to approximately US$ 41.0 billion compared with an outflow of US$ 5.0 billion in fiscal
2023. Apart from equities, investment in debt witnessed an increase on the back of India’s inclusion in major global bond indices.
A slowdown in global growth may impact India’s exports. Sharp and sustained price reductions of globally traded commodities such
as metals and minerals in the event of a global slowdown may negatively impact our borrowers in these sectors. Global trade disputes
and protectionist measures and counter-measures could impact trade and capital flows and negatively affect the Indian economy, which
could adversely affect our business. Developments in technology, such as artificial intelligence, may impact businesses, including ours
and our customers’, and influence global and Indian employment markets, with an impact on employment and incomes of our existing
and potential customers.

10

Table of Contents

Adverse economic
conditions in India due to movements in global capital, commodity and other markets, changes in business due to technology or adverse
impact of any natural disasters could result in reduction of demand for credit and other financial products and services, increased competition,
and higher defaults among corporate, small business, retail and rural borrowers, which could adversely impact our business, our financial
performance, our stockholders’ equity, our ability to implement our strategy and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Financial instability
in other countries, particularly countries where we have established operations, could adversely affect our business.

There is a history
of financial crises and boom-bust cycles in multiple markets in both the emerging and developed economies, which increase risks for all
financial institutions, including for our business and results of operations.

Global economic
changes, such as ongoing geo-political tensions; a resumption of the tariff war between US and China; tight monetary policy could pose
several challenges; elevated inflation and volatility in global energy prices may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global
capital markets and foreign exchange rate movements, which could impact global liquidity and adversely affect our business.

Uncertainty around
these and related issues could lead to adverse effects on the economy of the United Kingdom and the other economies in which we operate.
Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom has made changes to its operations in the European Union due to Brexit, which could adversely affect
our business in the United Kingdom and Europe if the changes do not operate effectively. In addition, China is one of India’s major
trading partners and the border dispute between India and China could have an adverse impact on economic relations between the two countries.
Further, India has trade ties with both Russia and Ukraine. These factors may also result in a slowdown in India’s trade growth.
The effect of any legislative and regulatory efforts to address these risks is uncertain, and they may not have the intended positive
effects. Such volatility and negative economic developments could, in turn, materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
conditions or results of operations.

A loss of investor
confidence in the financial systems of India or other markets and countries or any financial instability in India or any other market
may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial
sector, our business and our future financial performance. We remain subject to the risks posed by the indirect impact of adverse developments
in the global economy and the global banking environment, some of which cannot be anticipated and the vast majority of which are not
under our control. We also remain subject to counterparty risk to financial institutions that fail or are otherwise unable to meet their
obligations to us.

Any downgrade
of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt by an international rating agency could adversely
affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Any adverse revisions
to India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact our business and limit our access to capital markets
and adversely impact our liquidity position and market perception of the Bank.

We are rated by
Moody’s and Standard and Poor’s in international markets. In 2020, Moody’s lowered the sovereign rating for India from
Baa2 to Baa3, with a negative outlook due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Government of India’s fiscal position and
the stress in the financial sector. In 2021, both the rating agencies revised the outlook on our ratings from negative to stable, while
maintaining the rating on our senior unsecured foreign currency debt at BBB- by Standard and Poor’s and Baa3 by Moody’s.
In June 2024, Standard and Poor’s revised India’s sovereign rating outlook from stable to positive while maintaining country’s
rating at BBB-, which also led to revision of our rating outlook from stable to positive. In June 2023, S&P revised the Issuer’s
Stand-Alone Credit Profile (SACP) rating from BBB- to BBB and again in June 2024 from BBB to BBB+.

11

Table of Contents

Rating agencies
may also change their methodology for rating banks or their assessment of specific parameters which may impact our ratings. In 2020,
Moody’s revised its assessment of government support for Indian private sector banks in view of the mechanism of resolution for
a stressed private sector bank. Such revisions in assessment methodologies could adversely impact the rating of private sector banks
compared to public sector banks.

The rating of our
foreign branches is impacted by the sovereign rating of the country in which the branch is located, particularly if the rating is below
India’s rating. Any revision to the sovereign rating of the countries in which we operate to below India’s rating could impact
the rating of our foreign branch in the jurisdiction and the bonds issued from these branches. Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom is
rated by Moody’s and any change in our rating or outlook or in the financial position of the subsidiary could impact the rating
or outlook of our subsidiary.

Given the significant
uncertainties caused by global economic challenges, there can be no assurance that rating agencies will maintain their views on India’s
sovereign rating or that we and our subsidiaries and affiliates will be able to meet the expectations of rating agencies and maintain
our credit ratings. See also “
—Risks relating to our business—Our inability to effectively manage credit, market
and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings, capitalization,
credit ratings and cost of funds
”.

Any adverse impact
on India’s external position due to an increase in the price of crude oil, the current account deficit, the outflow of foreign
capital or exchange rate volatility could adversely affect the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our business.

India is vulnerable
to developments in the trade account. India imports a majority of its requirements of petroleum oil and petroleum products. The decline
in the oil import bill in fiscal 2021 was largely due to a decline in global crude oil prices and weak demand conditions in the Indian
economy caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. However, global crude oil prices began rising in 2020 and experienced a sharp increase following
the hostilities between Russia and Ukraine leading to a high import bill in fiscal 2023. However, the crude oil prices have moderated
in fiscal 2024. The risk of a possible rise in global oil prices if there is further escalation in geo-political uncertainty cannot be
ruled out. In the event of elevated oil price levels or volatility in oil prices, as well as the impact of currency depreciation, which
makes imports more expensive in local currency, and the pass-through of such increases to Indian consumers or an increase in subsidies
(which would increase the fiscal deficit) could have a material adverse impact on the Indian economy and the Indian banking and financial
system, including through a rise in inflation and market interest rates, higher trade and fiscal deficits and currency depreciation.

India’s trade
relationships with other countries and its trade deficit, may adversely affect Indian economic conditions and the exchange rate for the
rupee. As a proportion of India’s gross domestic product, there was a surplus in the current account of 0.9% in fiscal 2021. In
fiscal 2022 and 2023, the current account deficit was 1.2% and 2.0% respectively of India’s gross domestic product. For fiscal
year 2024, the current account deficit is expected to be at 0.7% of India’s gross domestic product. If current account and trade
deficits continue to increase, or are no longer manageable because of factors impacting the trade deficit like a significant rise in
global crude oil prices or otherwise, the Indian economy, and therefore our business, our financial performance and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected. Any reduction of or increase in the volatility of capital flows may impact the Indian
economy and financial markets and increase the complexity and uncertainty in monetary policy decisions in India, leading to volatility
in inflation and interest rates in India, which could also adversely impact our business, our financial performance, our stockholders’
equity, and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

12

Table of Contents

See also “—
Risks
relating to our business—We and our customers are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates
”.

The banking and
financial markets in India are still evolving and the Indian financial system could experience difficulties which could adversely affect
our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

As an Indian bank,
we are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system which may be affected by the financial difficulties faced by certain Indian
financial institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit,
trading, clearing or other relationships. This risk, which is sometimes referred to as systemic risk, may adversely affect financial
intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties
or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions
and banks and adversely affect our business. For instance, in 2020, the Reserve Bank of India imposed a moratorium restricting deposit
withdrawals from a private sector bank, followed by implementation of a scheme of reconstruction involving change in management and equity
capital infusion by several Indian banks, including us. Such developments may impact credit markets and there could be an adverse impact
on the loan portfolios of banks, including us, if customers are no longer able to access financing or refinancing from these entities
or replace such financing or refinancing from other sources, thereby impacting their ability to conduct operations or meet their financial
obligations. Our transactions with these financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default by the counterparty,
which can be exacerbated during periods of market illiquidity. See also “
—Risks relating to our business—There is
operational risk associated with the financial industry which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business”.

As the Indian financial
system operates in an emerging market, we face risks of a nature and extent not typically faced in more developed economies. Our credit
risk may be higher than the credit risk of banks in some developed economies. Our access to information about the credit histories of
our borrowers, especially individuals and small businesses, may be limited relative to what is typically available for similar borrowers
in developed economies. In addition, the credit risk of our borrowers is often higher than borrowers in more developed economies due
to the evolving Indian regulatory, political, economic and industrial environment. The directed lending norms of the Reserve Bank of
India require us to lend a certain proportion of our loans to “priority sectors”, including agriculture and small enterprises,
where we are less able to control the portfolio quality and where economic difficulties are likely to affect our borrowers more severely.
We also purchase priority sector lending certificates to meet directed lending requirements, and the cost of purchasing such certificates
may increase substantially depending on the demand and supply scenario of the certificates. Any shortfall in meeting the priority sector
lending targets and sub-targets may be required to be allocated to investments yielding sub-market returns. See also “
—Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are subject to the directed lending requirements of the
Reserve Bank of India, which may also involve buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets, and any shortfall
in meeting these requirements may be required to be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns, thereby impacting
our profitability. We may also experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, which could adversely
impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
” and “
Supervision
and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Advancing Loans—Directed Lending
”.

13

Table of Contents

We may face the
risk of deposit runs notwithstanding the existence of a national deposit insurance scheme. Any failure in controlling such situations
in the future could result in high volumes of deposit withdrawals, which would adversely impact our liquidity position, disrupt our business
and, in times of market stress, undermine our financial strength.

We pursue our banking,
insurance and other activities in India in a developing economy with all of the risks that come with operating in a developing economy.
Our activities in India are widespread and diverse and involve employees, contractors, counterparties and customers with widely varying
levels of education, financial sophistication and wealth. Although we seek to implement policies and procedures to reduce and manage
marketplace risks as well as risks within our own organization, some risks remain inherent in doing business in a large, developing country.
We cannot eliminate these marketplace and operational risks, which may lead to or exacerbate legal, regulatory or judicial actions, negative
publicity or other developments that could reduce our profitability. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence
in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of
regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal
”, “—
Risks that arise as a result of our presence in
a highly regulated sector—We are at risk for inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities, which may adversely
affect our reputation, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, cause us to incur additional costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct
business
” and “—
Risks relating to our business—Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan
portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business
”.

A significant
change in the Indian government’s policies, including economic policies, fiscal policies and structural reforms, could adversely
affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Our business and
customers are predominantly located in India or are related to and influenced by the Indian economy. The Indian government has traditionally
exercised, and continues to exercise, a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy. The Indian government’s policies could
adversely affect business and economic conditions in India, our ability to implement our strategy, the operations of our subsidiaries
and affiliates and our future financial performance. Successive Indian governments have pursued policies of economic liberalization,
including significantly relaxing restrictions on the private sector and encouraging the development of the Indian financial sector. The
leadership of India and the composition of the government are subject to change, and election results are not predictable. It is difficult
to predict the economic policies that will be pursued by governments in the future. In addition, investments by the corporate sector
in India may be impacted by government policies and decisions including judicial decisions, such as with respect to awards of licenses
and resources, access to land and natural resources and policies with respect to protection of the environment. Such policies and decisions
may result in delays in execution of projects, including those financed by us, and also limit new project investments, and thereby impact
economic growth.

The pace of economic
liberalization could change, and specific laws and policies affecting banking and finance companies, foreign investment, currency exchange
and other matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well. Decisions by the Government of India could impact our
business and financial performance. The Indian government announced the introduction of central bank digital currency by the Reserve
Bank of India. To further expand its usage, the Reserve Bank of India has proposed allowing non-bank payments system operators (PSOs)
to offer central bank digital currency (CBDC) wallets in order to make retail CBDC more accessible to a broader segment of users. Any
changes in regulations or significant change in India’s economic policies or any market volatility as a result of uncertainty surrounding
India’s macroeconomic policies or the future elections of its government could adversely affect business and economic conditions
in India generally and our business in particular and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

14

Table of Contents

Natural disasters,
climate change and health epidemics could adversely affect the Indian economy, or the economy of other countries where we operate, which
could adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

India has experienced
natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods and droughts in the past few years. The extent and severity of these natural disasters
determine their impact on the Indian economy. In particular, climatic and weather conditions, such as the level and timing of monsoon
rainfall, impact the agricultural sector, which constituted approximately 18% of India’s gross value added in fiscal 2023. However,
for fiscal year 2024, the rural demand and output for the agricultural sector will depend on expected normal monsoon and receding El
Nino conditions. Prolonged spells of below or above normal rainfall or other natural disasters, or global or regional climate change,
could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business, especially our rural portfolio. Similarly, global or regional climate change
in India and other countries where we operate could result in change in weather patterns and frequency of natural disasters like droughts,
El Nino, floods and cyclones, which could affect the economy of India, the countries where we operate and our operations in those countries.

Health epidemics
could also disrupt our business, our borrowers, our counterparties and other constituents. The emergence of disease pandemics like COVID-19,
and other earlier outbreaks like the nipah virus in 2018 in certain regions of southeast Asia, including India, have caused, and could
in the future cause, economic and financial disruptions. Such disruptions in India and other areas of the world in which we operate could
lead to operational difficulties, including travel restrictions, that could impact our business and our ability to manage or conduct
our business. Any future outbreak of health epidemics may impact the quality of our portfolio and result in an increase in our non-performing
loans, and restrict the level of business activity in affected areas, which may in turn adversely affect our business and the prices
of our equity shares and ADSs.

If regional hostilities,
terrorist attacks, or social unrest in India or elsewhere increase, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be
adversely affected.

India has from
time to time experienced social and civil unrest and hostilities both internally and with neighboring countries. In the past, there have
been military confrontations between India and Pakistan, and border disputes with neighboring countries, including China. In 2020, Indian
and Chinese troops engaged in physical conflict in the Galwan River valley. Both Indian and Chinese governments have undertaken protective
measures, such as in relation to the presence of Chinese businesses in India. We cannot predict how such geopolitical events will develop
in the future and how it may impact our business, operations, reputation and financial condition.

India has also
experienced terrorist attacks in some parts of the country, including in Mumbai, where our headquarters are located. India could also
be impacted by intensifying border disputes with its neighbors, trade wars between large economies like the U.S. increasing trade tariffs
on goods imported from China, or possible import restrictions on Indian goods by trading partners that could have an adverse impact on
India’s trade and capital flows, exchange rate and macroeconomic stability. In addition, geopolitical events in the Middle East,
Asia and Europe or terrorist or military action in other parts of the world, including the ongoing military conflict between Russia and
Ukraine, may impact prices of key commodities, financial markets and trade and capital flows, including by leading to restrictions on
countries which are among India’s significant trading partners. These factors and any political or economic instability in
India could adversely affect our business, our future financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

15

Table of Contents

Risks that arise as a result of
our presence in a highly regulated sector

The enhanced
supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or
informal.

We are subject
to a wide variety of banking, insurance and financial services laws, regulations and regulatory policies and a large number of regulatory
and enforcement authorities in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Regulators in India and in the other jurisdictions in which
we operate subject financial sector institutions, including us, to intense review, supervision and scrutiny. This heightened level of
review and scrutiny, and the potential for changes in the existing regulatory supervision framework, increases the possibility that we
will face adverse legal or regulatory actions. In the face of difficulties in the Indian banking sector, the Reserve Bank of India has
been increasing the intensity of its scrutiny of Indian banks and has been imposing fines and penalties that are larger than the historic
norms on Indian banks, as well as restrictions on the conduct of business. The Reserve Bank of India and other regulators regularly review
our operations, and there can be no guarantee that all regulators will agree with our internal assessments of asset quality, provisions,
risk management, capital adequacy and management functioning, other measures of the safety and soundness of our operations or compliance
with applicable laws, regulations, accounting and taxation norms, listing norms or regulatory policies.

Regulators, including
among others the Reserve Bank of India and the Securities and Exchange Board of India, as well as governmental authorities and courts,
may find that we are not in compliance with applicable laws, regulations, accounting and taxation norms, listing norms or regulatory
policies, or with the regulators’ revised interpretations of such laws, regulations or regulatory policies, and may take formal
or informal actions against us. Such formal or informal actions may require us to make additional provisions for our non-performing assets,
divest assets, adopt new compliance programs or policies, remove senior executives or other personnel, reduce dividend or executive compensation,
provide remediation or refunds to customers or undertake other changes to our business operations, and may reduce our revenues, require
us to incur additional expenses, impact our profitability and damage our reputation. See also “
Supervision and Regulation
”.

If we fail to manage
our legal and regulatory risk in the many jurisdictions in which we operate, our business could suffer, our reputation could be harmed
and we would be subject to additional legal and regulatory risks. This could, in turn, increase the size and number of claims and damages
asserted against us and/or subject us to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions or other proceedings, or lead to increased supervisory
concerns. We may also be required to spend additional time and resources on remedial measures and conducting enquiries, beyond those
already initiated and ongoing, which could have an adverse effect on our business.

New regulations
and compliance and disclosure requirements relating to environment, social and governance matters, especially climate change, have been
recommended or are under consideration by regulators in the jurisdictions where we have our operations. Other jurisdictions in which
we operate are also proposing or considering climate-risk related initiatives, policies and standards. For example, the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission finalized rules related to climate-related disclosures of publicly traded entities in March 2024, which include
new requirements to disclose information about climate-related risks which are currently stayed pending judicial review. We may be subject
to risk arising from the inconsistencies and conflicts in the manner in which climate policy and financial regulation is implemented
in the regions where the Bank operates, including initiatives to apply and enforce policy and regulation with extraterritorial effect.

Despite our best
efforts to comply with all applicable regulations, there are a number of risks that cannot be completely controlled. Our international
presence has led to increased legal and regulatory risks. Regulators in every jurisdiction in which we operate or have listed our securities
have the power to restrict our operations, stipulate higher capital and liquidity requirements or bring administrative or judicial proceedings
against us (or our employees, representatives, agents and third-party service providers), which could result, among other things, in
suspension or revocation of one or more of our licenses, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other
disciplinary action which could materially harm our reputation, results of operations and financial condition.

16

Table of Contents

We may be subject
to fines, restrictions or other sanctions for regulatory compliance failures, which may adversely affect our financial position or our
ability to expand our activities.

Failure to comply
with applicable regulations in various jurisdictions, including unauthorized actions by employees, representatives, agents and third
parties, suspected or perceived failures and media reports, and ensuing inquiries or investigations or proceedings by regulatory and
enforcement authorities, has resulted, and may result in the future, in regulatory actions, including financial penalties and restrictions
on or suspension of the related business operations. Whenever we consider it appropriate and the regulatory guidelines so permit, we
may seek to settle or compound regulatory inquiries or investigations or proceedings through a consensual process with the concerned
regulator, which may entail monetary payment by us or agreeing to non-monetary terms. The non-monetary terms may include suspension or
cessation of business activities for a specified period; change in key management personnel or restrictions being placed on key management
personnel; disgorgement; implementation of enhanced policies and procedures to prevent future violations; appointing or engaging an independent
consultant to review internal policies, processes and procedures; providing enhanced training and education; and/or submitting to enhanced
internal audit, concurrent audit or reporting requirements.

We are at risk
for inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities, which may adversely affect our reputation, lead to increased
regulatory scrutiny, cause us to incur additional costs or adversely affect our ability to conduct business.

A failure to comply
with the applicable regulations in various jurisdictions by our employees, representatives, agents and third-party service providers
either in or outside the course of their services, or suspected or perceived failures by them, may result in further inquiries or investigations
by regulatory and enforcement authorities and in additional regulatory or enforcement action against either us, or such employees, representatives,
agents and third-party service providers. Such additional actions may further impact our reputation, result in adverse media reports,
lead to increased or enhanced regulatory or supervisory concerns, cause us to incur additional costs, penalties, claims and expenses
or impact adversely our ability to conduct business. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly
regulated sector—The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, taken action against the former Managing
Director and CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have
violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory actions that may result in legal and reputation
risk for the Bank.
”

We have also experienced
international expansion into banking in multiple jurisdictions which exposes us to a variety of regulatory and business challenges and
risks, including cross-cultural risk, and further increases the risk of inquiries or investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities.
In October 2022, ICICI Bank’s federally licensed New York branch (New York Branch)   entered into a consent order with
its federal banking supervisor, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which required the New York Branch to enhance certain
processes in its Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering program, and establish and maintain an effective sanctions compliance program.
The Consent Order did not involve any monetary penalty. The New York Branch is addressing corrective actions outlined in the Consent
Order Action Plan as per committed timelines. Expansion into additional jurisdictions also increases the complexity of our risks in a
number of areas including currency risks, interest rate risks, compliance risk, regulatory risk, reputational risk and operational risk.
We, or our employees, may from time to time, and as is common in the financial services industry, be the subject of inquiries, examinations
or investigations that could lead to proceedings against us or our employees.

17

Table of Contents

We cannot predict
the timing or form of any current or future regulatory or law enforcement initiatives, which are increasingly common for international
banks and financial institutions.

We are subject
to the directed lending requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, which may also involve buying related certificates at a premium to
meet the annual targets, and any shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required to be invested in Government of India schemes
that yield low returns, thereby impacting our profitability. We may also experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed
lending portfolio, which could adversely impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and
ADSs.

Under the directed
lending norms of the Reserve Bank of India, banks in India are required to lend 40.0% of their adjusted net bank credit to certain eligible
sectors, categorized as priority sectors. Under such lending norms, banks also have sub-targets for lending to key segments or sectors. A
proportion of 10.0% and 12.0% of adjusted net bank credit were required to be lent to small and marginal farmers and identified weaker
sections of society, respectively, in fiscal 2024. The Reserve Bank of India has directed banks to maintain direct lending to non-corporate
farmers at the banking system’s average level for the last three years and set a target of 13.78% of adjusted net bank credit for
this purpose for fiscal 2024. In addition, 7.5% of adjusted net bank credit is required to be lent to micro-enterprises. The balance
of the priority sector lending requirement can be met by lending to a range of sectors, including small businesses, medium-sized enterprises,
renewable energy, social infrastructure and residential mortgages satisfying certain criteria. These requirements and achievements are
assessed considering the average of the outstanding balances at the quarter end. From fiscal 2022, the priority sector achievements are
computed based on the weight assigned to the incremental priority sector credit in identified districts. The necessary adjustments for
weight of districts and calculation of achievement are done by the Reserve Bank of India on the basis of data submitted by banks on a
quarterly basis.

These requirements
apply to ICICI Bank on a standalone basis. The Reserve Bank of India allows banks to sell and purchase priority sector lending certificates
in the event of excess/shortfall in meeting priority sector targets, which help in reducing the shortfall in priority sector lending.
These instruments are issued by banks that have a surplus in priority sector lending or any of its individual sub-segments and are purchased
by banks having a shortfall, through a trading portal, without the transfer of risks or loan assets. The Bank also purchases priority
sector lending certificates to meet directed lending requirements, the cost of which may vary based on the demand for and supply of such
certificates. During fiscal 2024, the Bank met all of the targets. The quarterly achievement as a percentage of the adjusted net bank
credit for agricultural sector was 18.1% against the requirement of 18.0%, sub-category within agricultural sector for non-corporate
farmers was 14.4% against the requirement of 13.8% and for lending to weaker sections was 12.1% against the requirement of 12.0%.

Any shortfall we
may have in meeting the priority sector lending requirements, after taking into account any priority sector lending certificates purchased,
may be required to be invested at any time, at the Reserve Bank of India’s directive, in Government of India schemes that yield
low returns, determined depending on the prevailing bank rate and on the level of shortfall, thereby impacting our profitability. At
March 31, 2024, our total investments in such schemes on account of past shortfalls in achieving the required level of priority sector
lending were Rs. 200.9 billion. Our investments in Government of India schemes are expected to decrease in view of regulatory target
achievement in fiscal 2024. These investments count towards overall priority sector target achievement. Investments at March 31 of the
preceding year are included in the adjusted net bank credit which forms the base for computation of the priority sector and sub-segment
lending requirements.

As a result of
priority sector lending requirements, we may experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio, particularly
due to loans to the agricultural sector and small enterprises, where we are less able to control the portfolio quality and where economic
difficulties are likely to affect our borrowers more severely. The Bank’s gross non-performing assets in the priority sector loan
portfolio were 2.3% in fiscal 2020, 3.4% in fiscal 2021, 2.7% in fiscal 2022, 1.9% in fiscal 2023 and 1.8% in fiscal 2024. In fiscal
2018 and fiscal 2019, some states in India announced schemes for waiver of loans taken by farmers. While the cost of such schemes
is borne by the state governments, such schemes or borrower expectations of such schemes result in higher delinquencies including in
the farmer loan portfolio for banks, including us. Under the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines, these and other specified categories
of agricultural loans are classified as non-performing when they are overdue for more than 360 days, as compared to 90 days for loans
in general. Thus, the classification of overdue loans as non-performing occurs at a later stage in respect of such loans than the loan
portfolio in general.

18

Table of Contents

Going forward,
growth in our domestic loan portfolio could lead to a significant increase in our priority sector lending target amounts. In case of
the continuing shortfall in agriculture lending sub-targets and weaker section loans, the Bank may have to significantly increase the
purchase of priority sector lending certificates. The Reserve Bank of India has from time to time issued guidelines on priority sector
lending requirements that restrict the ability of banks to meet the directed lending obligations through lending to specialized financial
intermediaries, specify criteria to be fulfilled for investments by banks in securitized assets and outright purchases of loans and assignments
to be eligible for classification as priority sector lending and regulate the interest rates charged to ultimate borrowers by the originating
entities in such transactions. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Advancing Loans—Directed
Lending
”. Any future changes by the Reserve Bank of India to the directed lending norms may result in an inability to meet
the priority sector lending requirements as well as require us to increase our lending to relatively riskier segments and may result
in an increase in non-performing loans.

We are subject
to capital adequacy requirements stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel III, as well as general market expectations
regarding the level of capital adequacy large Indian private sector banks should maintain, and any inability to maintain adequate capital
due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses.

Banks in India
are subject to the Basel III capital adequacy framework as stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India. The Basel III guidelines in India,
among other things, require a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 5.5% and a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio
of 7.0%, a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 9.0%, and a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted
assets above the minimum requirements to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. The Bank is also
required to maintain a capital surcharge of 0.20% on account of being designated a domestic systemically important bank. The guidelines
also establish eligibility criteria for capital instruments in each tier of regulatory capital, require adjustments to and deductions
from regulatory capital, and provide for limited recognition of minority interests in the regulatory capital of a consolidated banking
group. Applying the Basel III guidelines, our capital ratios on a consolidated basis at March 31, 2024 were: common equity Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio of 15.4% and total risk-based capital ratio of 16.1%.

The Reserve Bank
of India has released guidelines on implementation of counter cyclical capital buffers, which propose higher capital requirements for
banks, ranging from 0% to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, during periods of high economic growth. This capital requirement would be determined
based on certain triggers such as deviation of long-term average credit-to-GDP ratio and other indicators. While these guidelines
are already effective, the Reserve Bank of India has stated that current economic conditions do not warrant activation of the counter
cyclical capital buffer. The Reserve Bank of India has also issued a leverage ratio framework which is measured as the ratio of a bank’s
Tier 1 capital to its total exposure. Since October 2019, the Reserve Bank of India has required maintenance of a minimum leverage ratio
of 4.0% for domestic systemically important banks, including us, and 3.5% for other banks. In 2018, the Reserve Bank of India advised
banks to create an Investment Fluctuation Reserve from fiscal 2019 with the aim of building adequate reserves to protect against any
sudden increase in Government of India bond yields. A minimum amount equal to the lesser of either the net profit on sale of investments
during the year or net profit for the year excluding mandatory appropriations would have to be transferred to the Investment Fluctuation
Reserve and would cover at least 2.0% of the held-for-trading and available-for-sale portfolio of a bank, on a continuing basis. This
reserve is eligible for inclusion in tier 2 capital. On November 16, 2023, the Reserve Bank of India has released guidelines which increases
risk weight on the consumer credit portfolio and credit to Non Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs).

19

Table of Contents

Regulatory changes
may impact the amount of capital that we are required to hold. Our ability to grow our business and execute our strategy is dependent
on our level of capitalization and we may be required to raise resources from the capital markets or to divest stake in one or more of
our subsidiaries to meet our capital requirements. Any reduction in our regulatory capital ratios, changes to the capital requirements
applicable to us on account of regulatory changes or otherwise, our inability to access capital markets or otherwise increase our capital
base and our inability to meet stakeholder expectations of the appropriate level of capital for us, while also meeting expectations of
return on capital, may limit our ability to maintain our market standing and grow our business, and adversely impact our future performance
and strategy. Debt and equity investors, rating agencies, equity and fixed income analysts, regulators and others would likely expect
us to maintain capital adequacy ratios well above the regulatory requirements, reflecting our position as a large private sector bank.
In 2020, we raised Rs. 150.0 billion of equity capital through a Qualified Institutions Placement. We may seek to access the equity
capital markets in the future, or make additional divestments of our investments in our subsidiaries and affiliates. Increases in our
equity shares would dilute the shareholding of existing shareholders. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in raising
the capital when required or that the timing for accessing the market or the terms of the capital raised would be attractive, and these
may be subject to various uncertainties including liquidity conditions, market stability, or political or economic conditions. If we
are unable to raise enough capital to satisfy our regulatory capital requirements, we will be subject to restrictions on capital distributions
and discretionary bonus payments, as well as other potential regulatory actions.

In fiscal 2021,
the Reserve Bank of India prohibited banks from making any dividend payouts from the profit pertaining to fiscal 2020 in order to conserve
capital and to maintain their capacity to support the economy and absorb losses in an environment of heightened uncertainty caused by
the COVID-19 pandemic. Accordingly, we did not declare any dividend for fiscal 2020. We cannot guarantee that we will not be subject
to similar restrictions in the future. The Reserve Bank of India’s Prompt Corrective Action framework for banks defines risk thresholds
for indicators like capital adequacy, asset quality and leverage, and stipulates actions like restriction on dividend distribution/remittance
of profits, restriction on branch expansion, domestic and/or overseas expansion, and restrictions on capital expenditure other than for
technological upgradation. At year-end fiscal 2024, the Bank’s financial indicators did not breach the risk thresholds prescribed
by the Reserve Bank of India. There can be no assurance that we will always remain within the thresholds prescribed by the Reserve Bank
of India in the future.

Our insurance,
banking and home finance subsidiaries are also subject to solvency and capital requirements imposed by their respective regulators. While
we currently do not expect these entities to require significant additional equity capital, any requirement for ICICI Bank to make additional
equity investments in these entities in the event of an increase in their capital requirements due to regulation or material stress would
impact our capital adequacy.

We are subject
to liquidity requirements of the Reserve Bank of India as well as those of banking regulators in our overseas locations, and any inability
to maintain adequate liquidity due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability
to grow and support our businesses.

The Reserve Bank
of India has released guidelines on liquidity coverage ratio requirements under the Basel III liquidity framework that require banks
to maintain and report the Basel III liquidity coverage ratio, which is a ratio of the stock of high quality liquid assets to total net
cash outflows over the next 30 calendar days. The Reserve Bank of India has also defined categories of assets qualifying as high quality
liquid assets and mandated a minimum liquidity coverage ratio of 100.0%. Further, the Reserve Bank of India has issued final guidelines
on the net stable funding ratio for banks, which requires banks to maintain sufficient funds that are considered as reliable to cover
the liquidity requirements and asset maturities coming up over the next one year on an ongoing basis. There are similar requirements
stipulated by regulators in most of our overseas locations due to which we are required to maintain appropriate levels of liquidity in
those geographies as well. These liquidity requirements, together with the existing liquidity and cash reserve requirements, result in
Indian banks, including us, holding high amounts of liquidity, thereby impacting profitability.

20

Table of Contents

Any reduction in
our liquidity coverage or net stable funding ratios, increase in liquidity requirements applicable to us on account of regulatory changes
or otherwise, changes in the composition of liquidity or inability to access capital markets may limit our ability to grow our business
or adversely impact our profitability and our future performance and strategy.

As we and other
banks manage these various liquidity requirements, there could be a sudden increase in demand for liquidity in the banking system, which
could have an adverse impact in the financial markets, and result in an increase in our short term borrowing costs and a sudden increase
in the Bank’s cost of funds. Further, any tightening of liquidity and volatility in international markets may limit our access
to international funding markets and result in an increase in our cost of funding for our international branches and overseas banking
subsidiaries, and impact our ability to replace maturing borrowings and fund new assets.

Reserve Bank of India has issued draft guidelines
on Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) which mainly requires commercial banks to assign an additional 5% run-off factor for retail and small
business deposits enabled with internet or mobile banking from 5% to 10% for stable deposits and 10% to 15% for less stable deposits.
These instructions shall come into force with effect from April 1, 2025. These draft guidelines may have implications for a range of
parameters at a systemic level including increase in liquidity requirement, deposit costs, loan growth, lending rates, investment yields
and asset mix.

Changes in the
regulation and structure of the financial markets in India may adversely impact our business.

The Indian financial
markets have in recent years experienced, and continue to experience, changes and developments aimed at reducing the cost and improving
the quality of service delivery to users of financial services. We may experience an adverse impact on the cash float and fees from our
cash management business resulting from the development and increased usage of payment systems, as well as other similar structural changes.
See also
“—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and
compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal”
.

Our subsidiaries
and affiliates are also subject to similar risks. For instance, the Indian government’s tax policies generally influence the purchase
of insurance and investment in mutual funds by customers. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—While
our insurance businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of
profitability”.

The Reserve Bank
of India has been permitting the entry of new players in the financial sector, including through issuance of licenses for universal banks
and small finance banks in the private sector under the continuous licensing policy and allowing fintechs and technology companies to
offer payment and other financial services. The entry of new players has intensified competition which could impact our ability to capture
business opportunities if we are not able to adapt our business strategy to new developments. See also
“—Risks Relating
to Our Business—Our industry is very competitive and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.”

In addition, changes
in laws, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in the interpretation or application of such laws, regulations and regulatory
policies, may adversely affect the products and services we offer, the value of our assets or the collateral or contractual comforts
available for our loans or our business in general. Changes in regulations, such as those relating to ownership, governance and corporate
structure of private sector banks, management compensation, board governance, consumer protection, sustainable finance and risk management,
may have an impact on our business and our future strategy. These changes could require us to reduce or increase our business in specific
segments, increase competition, and impact our overall growth and return on capital. We cannot predict future legal or regulatory changes.
Any such regulatory or structural changes may result in increased expenses, including enhanced compliance costs, operational restrictions,
increased competition or revisions to our business operations, which may reduce our profitability or force us to forego potentially profitable
business opportunities.

21

Table of Contents

The opportunities
for growth in our international operations and our ability to repatriate capital from these operations may be limited by the local regulatory
environments.

Our international
franchise focuses on non-resident Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses and on deepening relationships with well-rated
Indian corporates in international markets and multinational companies to maximize the India-linked trade, transaction banking and lending
opportunities within our risk management framework. Our overseas banking subsidiaries continue to serve local markets selectively with
a focus on risk management and granularity of business. There can be no assurance of the successful execution of this strategy and the
future growth and profitability of our international operations.

Further, while
both our overseas banking subsidiaries are focused on optimizing their capital base and have repatriated capital and made dividend payments
to ICICI Bank in the past, such actions are subject to regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance regarding the timing or grant
of such approvals in the future. Our international branches are also subject to respective local regulatory requirements, which may include
requirements related to liquidity, capital, asset classification and provisioning.

The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, taken action against the former Managing Director and CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory agencies to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory actions that may result in legal and reputation risk for the Bank.

Pursuant to an
independent enquiry, the board of director of the Bank decided to treat the separation of Ms. Chanda Kochhar, former Managing Director
and Chief Executive Officer, from the Bank as a ‘Termination for Cause’ under the Bank’s internal policies, schemes
and the Code of Conduct, with all attendant consequences. In 2020, the Bank instituted a recovery lawsuit against Ms. Kochhar for, among
other things, the clawback of bonus paid from April 2009 to March 2018. Ms. Kochhar also filed a lawsuit before Bombay High Court in
January 2022 contending that her employment termination is invalid and she is entitled to all the Employee Stock Options, which were
originally allocated to her. She has also sought an alternate prayer for claiming, damages of Rs. 17.3 billion. Both these lawsuits
are under trial and being heard by the single bench of Bombay High Court.

The Securities
and Exchange Board of India issued a show-cause notice to Ms. Kochhar and to the Bank in 2018 in relation to the allegations. In 2020,
the Securities and Exchange Board of India issued a modified show cause notice to the Bank and responses were submitted by the Bank.
In fiscal 2023, pursuant to the Securities Appellate Tribunal order the Securities and Exchange Board of India sought documents and materials
in relation to the adjudication proceedings from the Bank, which were then submitted by the Bank.

Bank has been cooperating on a continuous basis, with law enforcement agencies, in connection with the pending enquiries. In the event that the Bank is found by Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other authority or agency to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory actions that may result in legal and reputation risk for the Bank.

22

Table of Contents

Our asset management,
private equity, insurance and securities broking subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation and supervision which can lead to increased
costs or additional restrictions on their activities that could adversely impact the Bank.

Our asset management
subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, is subject to supervision and regulation by the Securities and Exchange
Board of India.

The Securities
and Exchange Board of India, based on any observations reported in inspection reports or reports submitted by our asset management subsidiary,
may take actions like issuing administrative warnings, show cause notices, penalties or initiating enforcement actions. Further, there
could be claims from investors of the funds or the portfolios managed by our subsidiary, which would be determined in the court of law
or by regulators and may impact the reputation and business of our subsidiary and us.

Our insurance businesses
are also subject to extensive regulation and supervision by India’s insurance regulator Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority
of India (IRDAI). They have a large number of retail and corporate customers, from whom claims may arise which could be determined in
courts or also by regulators and result in determination against our insurance businesses or us or our insurance businesses’ management
and employees. The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India has the authority to specify, modify and interpret regulations
regarding the insurance industry, including regulations governing products, selling commissions, solvency margins and reserving, issuance
of new licenses, which can lead to additional costs or restrictions on our insurance subsidiaries’ activities.

Further, our insurance
and securities broking subsidiaries are now publicly listed companies on the Indian stock exchanges, which has resulted in enhanced compliance
requirements and regulatory oversight. There can be no assurance that increased regulatory scrutiny of our insurance and securities broking
subsidiaries along with stringent requirements, including additional disclosures, will not have a material adverse impact on the Bank.
There could be instances where the regulator or governmental agency may find that we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations
pertaining to listed companies or their relationship with the parent or other group companies, or with their interpretations of laws
and regulations, and may take formal or informal actions against us and our subsidiaries or affiliates.

Adoption of a
different basis of accounting or new accounting standards may result in changes in our reported financial position and results of operations
for future and prior periods.

The financial statements
and other financial information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report are based on our unconsolidated and consolidated
financial statements under Indian GAAP. Indian corporations have transitioned to Ind AS, a revised set of accounting standards, which
largely converges the Indian accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards, as per the roadmap provided to the
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, which is the law making authority for adoption of accounting standards in India. Some of our group non-banking
finance companies have transitioned to Ind AS. For banking and insurance companies, the implementation of Ind AS has been deferred until
further notice. During fiscal 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued a revised master directions on prudential norms on classification,
valuation and operations of investment portfolio of commercial banks, which are broadly based on the principles of the International
Financial Reporting Standard 9, and became applicable effective April 1, 2024. During fiscal  2023, the Reserve Bank of India, through its discussion paper on Introduction of Expected Credit Loss framework
for provisioning by banks has proposed to adopt expected credit loss framework based on approach used in International Financial Reporting
Standard 9, supplemented by regulatory backstops wherever necessary. –Adoption of Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments (Standard
equivalent to International Financial Reporting Standard 9) or final guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India based on the above
standards or discussion papers would have a significant impact on the way financial assets and liabilities are classified and measured,
resulting in volatility in profit or loss and equity. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Convergence
of Indian accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards
”.

23

Table of Contents

Risks relating to our business

If the level
of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our business will suffer.

In recent years,
banks in India, including us, have focused on growing their retail and small business lending portfolios. While we expect the retail
and small business segment to remain a key driver of growth, a slowdown in economic growth, investment, consumption or employment or
any increase in unemployment, could have an adverse impact on the quality of our retail loan portfolio. As a recent example, following
the outbreak of the first wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India announced several measures
during fiscal 2021, including a moratorium on loan repayments for certain borrowers and an asset classification standstill benefit for
overdue accounts where a moratorium had been granted, restructuring of loans to small borrowers including individuals, small businesses
and micro, small and medium enterprises, and funding under the Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme for micro, small and medium enterprises
and other stressed sectors. Our portfolio includes lending under the guarantee scheme and loans where a resolution plan had been
implemented and loans to borrowers who had availed moratorium, that may carry higher risks compared to our overall portfolio.

Our loan portfolio
includes long-term project finance loans, which are particularly vulnerable to completion and other risks. The viability of these projects
depends upon a number of factors, including market demand, government policies, the processes for awarding government licenses and access
to natural resources and their subsequent judicial or other review, the financial condition of the government or other entities that
are the primary customers for the output of such projects and the overall economic environment in India and the international markets.
In the past, we have experienced a high level of default and restructuring in our industrial and manufacturing project finance loan portfolio.
Our loans to the power sector as a proportion of total loans declined from 3.1% at March 31, 2019 to 1.1% at March 31, 2024. Power projects
face a variety of risks, including access to fuel such as coal and gas, volatility in pricing of power and off-take of the power produced.
In addition, power projects inherently have high leverage levels.

Our loan portfolio
also includes project finance, corporate finance, and working capital loans to commodity-based sectors such as iron and steel, other
metals and mining, which are subject to similar and additional risks, as well as global commodity price cycles. Further, the growing
focus on climate change and national commitments towards a low-carbon economy may impact the flow of capital to specific sectors and
could lead to structural shifts in these sectors, and the overall economy. It is difficult to assess the impact of these changes, which
can expose us to new risks and challenges in managing the loan portfolio.

Our portfolio also
includes purchases of retail asset pools of home finance companies and non-banking finance companies, that may expose us to additional
risks, including the failure of the underlying borrowers to perform as anticipated, risks arising out of weakness in the financial position
or operations of the originators, who are generally responsible for collections and servicing, and additional mark-to-market provisions
where the purchases are structured as securitized instruments classified as investments. In addition, challenges in certain sectors like
real estate, such as the inability of real estate developers to complete and deliver residential properties for which we have provided
loans to customers, may impact the repayment behavior of the customers and result in higher delinquencies and non-performing loans. See
also
“—Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks—A prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India
could cause our business to suffer”
and
“—Risks relating to India and other economic and market risks—A
significant change in the Indian government’s policies, including economic policies, fiscal policies and structural reforms, could
adversely affect our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs”.

24

Table of Contents

The Reserve Bank
of India has substantially expanded its guidance relating to the identification of non-performing assets over the last few years, which
has resulted in an increase in our loans classified as non-performing and an increase in provisions. Nevertheless, these provisions may
not be adequate to cover further increases in the amount of non-performing loans or further deterioration in our non-performing loan
portfolio. In addition, the Reserve Bank of India’s annual supervisory process may assess higher provisions than we have made.
In the event that additional provisioning is required by the Reserve Bank of India, our net income, balance sheet and capital adequacy
could be affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity
and the price of our equity shares and ADSs. The Reserve Bank of India also requires banks to disclose the divergence in asset classification
and provisioning between what banks report and what the Reserve Bank of India assesses through its annual supervisory process. There
can be no assurance that such disclosures in the future will not impact us, our reputation, our business and future financial performance.
Our subsidiaries and affiliates are also regulated by their respective regulatory bodies. Similar to us, there may arise a requirement
for additional disclosures from our subsidiaries and affiliates in the future, which may have an adverse impact on us.

If the level of
our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our provisioning costs could increase,
our net interest income and net interest margin could be negatively impacted due to non-accrual of income on non-performing loans, our
credit ratings and liquidity may be adversely impacted, we may become subject to enhanced regulatory oversight and scrutiny, and our
reputation, our business, our future financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely impacted.
The Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 131.0 billion at March 31, 2024. There can be no assurance of the adequacy of these
provisions, or the level of additional provisions that will be required.

Any adverse economic,
regulatory, legal developments and natural disasters like the COVID-19 pandemic could cause further increases in the level of our non-performing
assets and have a material adverse impact on the quality of our loan portfolio and business.

See also “
—Risks
relating to our business—Our loan portfolio includes long-term project finance loans, which are particularly vulnerable to completion
and other risks” and “—Risks relating to our business—We have a high concentration of loans to certain customers,
borrower groups and sectors and if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing, the overall quality of our loan portfolio,
our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected
”.

We have a high
concentration of loans to certain customers, borrower groups and sectors and if a substantial portion of these loans become non-performing,
the overall quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs could be adversely affected.

Our loans and advances
to the retail segment constituted 55.6% of our gross advances (gross loans) at March 31, 2024. Our loans and advances to the rural finance
segment were 8.2%, services-finance sector were 5.4%, the infrastructure sector (excluding power) were 2.9%, the wholesale/retail trade
sector were 4.7%, and the power sector were 1.1% of our gross loans and advances at March 31, 2024.

Banks are subject
to the Reserve Bank of India’s framework for large exposures with limits on exposure of banks to a single counterparty and a group
of connected counterparties. As per this framework, the sum of all the exposure values of a bank to a single counterparty must not be
higher than 20% of the bank’s available eligible capital base (i.e., Tier 1 capital) at all times and the sum of all the exposure
values of a bank to a group of connected counterparties must not be higher than 25% of the bank’s available eligible capital base
at all times. At year-end fiscal 2024, our largest single counterparty accounted for 9.4% of our Tier I capital fund. The largest group
of connected counterparties accounted for 20.9% of our Tier I capital fund.

25

Table of Contents

Since 2019, banks
have also been subject to the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines proposing that large borrowers should reduce reliance on banks
for their additional funding and access market borrowings and other funding sources. Borrowers to be considered for this purpose were
those having an aggregate fund-based credit limit of Rs. 250.0 billion at any time during fiscal 2018 and the limit was reduced
to Rs. 100.0 billion from fiscal 2020 onwards. Loans from banks in excess of 50.0% of the incremental funds raised by these borrowers
attracts higher risk weights and provisioning.

These guidelines,
and our focus on controlling and reducing concentration risk, may restrict our ability to grow our business with some customers, thereby
impacting our earnings. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in controlling the concentration risk and that we will be
able to successfully grow our operating profits while controlling non-performing loans and provisions.

The value of
our collateral may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing our collateral when borrowers default on their obligations to us
which may result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential loss.

A substantial portion
of our loans to corporate and retail customers is secured by collateral. See also “
Business—Loan Portfolio—Collateral—Completion,
Perfection and Enforcement
”. Changes in asset prices may cause the value of our collateral to decline, and we may not be able
to realize the full value of our collateral as a result of delays in bankruptcy and foreclosure proceedings, delays in the creation of
security interests, defects or deficiencies in the perfection of collateral (including due to inability to obtain approvals that may
be required from various persons, agencies or authorities), fraudulent transfers by borrowers and other factors, including depreciation
in the value of the collateral and illiquid market for disposal of and volatility in the market prices for the collateral, current legislative
provisions or changes thereto and past or future judicial pronouncements.

In India, foreclosure
on collateral consisting of property can be undertaken directly by lenders by fulfilling certain procedures and requirements (unless
challenged in courts of law) or otherwise by a application to an Indian court or tribunal. An application, when made (or a legal challenge
to the foreclosure undertaken directly), may be subject to delays or administrative requirements that may result in, or be accompanied
by, a decrease in the value of collateral. These delays can last for several years and might lead to deterioration in the physical condition
or market value of the collateral. In the event that a corporate borrower is in financial difficulty and unable to sustain itself, it
may opt for the process of voluntary insolvency/winding up. Corporate borrowers may voluntarily, or by creditor action be admitted to
the insolvency resolution process under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016. During the period of resolution under the Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, there is a moratorium applicable on foreclosure and other recovery proceedings by the lenders. In some
cases, we may foreclose on collateral in lieu of principal and interest dues but may experience delays in liquidating the collateral.

The Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code enacted in 2016 provides for a time-bound mechanism to resolve stressed assets. Further, the prudential framework
for resolution of stressed assets, introduced in 2018 and amended in 2019 by the Reserve Bank of India, requires banks to implement a
plan to resolve any overdue account within timelines as approved by the board and may include legal proceedings for insolvency or recovery.
The process of resolution of accounts referred under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code is still evolving, with periodic amendments being
incorporated in the framework through both legislation and judicial decisions. A few large accounts have been resolved under the Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code since fiscal 2019. However, uncertainties continue and there are delays in the resolution of accounts referred under
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. Should the resolution of accounts not be achieved and the borrowers go into liquidation, the market
value of the collateral may come down thus impacting the recovery of dues by lenders. There can be no assurance of the level of
recovery even in cases where a resolution is achieved.

26

Table of Contents

In addition, for
collateral we hold in jurisdictions outside India, the applicable laws and regulations in such jurisdictions may impact our ability to
foreclose on collateral and realize its value. Failure to recover the expected value of collateral could expose us to potential losses,
which could adversely affect our future financial performance, our stockholders’ equity and the prices of our equity shares and
ADSs.

Our banking and
trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and movements in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest
margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial
performance.

Interest rates
in India are impacted by a range of factors including inflation, fiscal deficit and government borrowing, monetary policy and market
liquidity. Due to the reserve requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, we may be more structurally exposed to interest rate risk than
banks in other countries. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Legal Reserve Requirements
”. These requirements
result in our maintaining a large portfolio of fixed income Government of India securities, and we could be materially adversely impacted
by a rise in interest rates, especially if the rise were sudden or sharp. A rise in yields on government securities reduces our realized
and marked-to-market gains and the value of our fixed income portfolio. The requirement to maintain a large portfolio of government securities
and other liquid assets to comply with reserve requirements and the liquidity coverage ratio also has a negative impact on our net interest
income and net interest margin because we earn interest on a portion of our assets at rates that are generally less favorable than those
typically received on our other interest-earning assets.

If the yield on
our interest-earning assets does not increase at the same time or to the same extent as our cost of funds, or if our cost of funds does
not decline at the same time or to the same extent as the decrease in yield on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income and
net interest margin would be adversely impacted. A slower growth in low cost deposits in the form of current and savings account deposits
compared to total deposits would result in an increase in the cost of funds and could adversely impact our net interest margin if we
are not able to pass on the increase to borrowers. Introduction of higher deposit interest rates, by banks with whom we compete
may also lead to revisions in our deposit rates to remain competitive and this could adversely impact our cost of funds.

Effective October
2019, the Reserve Bank of India mandated the linking of interest rates on new floating rate retail loans and floating rate loans to micro
and small enterprises to an external benchmark. From April 2020, floating rate loans to medium enterprises were also required to be linked
to an external benchmark. Since our funding is primarily fixed rate, volatility in external benchmarks underlying loan pricing may cause
volatility in or compress our net interest margin. If there are increases in our cost of funds and if we are unable to pass on the increases
fully into our lending rates, our net interest margins and profitability would be adversely impacted. Such revisions in external benchmark
lending rates may impact the yield on our interest-earning assets, our net interest income and net interest margin. At year-end fiscal
2024, approximately 51.0% of the Bank’s domestic loan portfolio was linked to external benchmarks.

We are also exposed
to interest rate risk through our treasury operations as well as the operations of certain of our subsidiaries and affiliates, including
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, which have a portfolio of fixed income securities,
and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership, which is a primary dealer in Government of India securities. In our asset management business,
we manage money market, debt and hybrid mutual fund schemes whose performance is impacted by a rise in interest rates, which adversely
impacts our revenues and profits from this business. See also “
—Risks relating to India and other economic and market
risks—A prolonged slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer.
”

27

Table of Contents

High and increasing interest rates or
greater interest rate volatility and differential movement between external benchmarks underlying loan pricing and our cost of funding
may adversely affect our ability to grow, our net interest margins, our net interest income, our income from treasury operations and
the value of our fixed income securities portfolio as well as the operations of certain of our subsidiaries.

Our inability
to effectively manage credit, market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models and accounting estimates may have an adverse
effect on our earnings, capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds.

Our risk management
strategies may not be effective because in a difficult or less liquid market environment other market participants may be attempting
to use the same or similar strategies to deal with difficult market conditions. In such circumstances, it may be difficult for us to
reduce our risk positions due to the activity of such other market participants. Our derivatives businesses may expose us to unexpected
market, credit and operational risks that could cause us to suffer unexpected losses or enhanced regulatory scrutiny. Severe declines
in asset values, unanticipated credit events, or unforeseen circumstances that may cause previously uncorrelated factors to become correlated
may create losses resulting from risks not appropriately taken into account in the development, structuring or pricing of a derivative
instrument. In addition, some derivative transactions are not cleared and settled through a central clearing house or exchange, and they
may not always be confirmed or settled by counterparties on a timely basis. In these situations, we are subject to heightened credit
and operational risk, and in the event of a default, we may find the contract more difficult to enforce. Further, as new and more complex
derivative products are created, disputes regarding the terms or the settlement procedures of the contracts could arise, which could
force us to incur unexpected costs, including transaction and legal costs, and impair our ability to manage effectively our risk exposure
to these products. Many of our hedging strategies and other risk management techniques have a basis in historic market behavior, and
all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management’s subjective judgment. To the extent any of the instruments
and strategies we use to hedge or otherwise manage our exposure to market or credit risk are not effective, we may not be able to mitigate
effectively our risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk. Our balance sheet growth is dependent
upon economic conditions, as well as upon our ability to securitize, sell, purchase or syndicate particular loans or loan portfolios.
Our trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon our ability to properly identify, and mark-to-market, changes in the value
of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or rates. Our earnings are dependent upon the effectiveness of our management
of migrations in credit quality and risk concentrations, the accuracy of our valuation models and our critical accounting estimates and
the adequacy of our allowances for loan losses. The risk of future pandemics, climate change, the geological situation and related economic
disruption have significantly complicated risk management for banks, including us, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate the
changes in our risk exposures.

To the extent our
assessments, assumptions or estimates prove inaccurate or not predictive of actual results, we could suffer higher than anticipated losses
and enhanced regulatory scrutiny. The successful management of credit, market and operational risk is an important consideration in managing
our liquidity risk because it affects the evaluation of our credit ratings by domestic and international rating agencies. Rating agencies
may reduce or indicate their intention to reduce the ratings at any time. See also “
—Risks relating to India and other
economic and market risks—Any downgrade of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt
by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”.
The rating agencies can also decide to withdraw their ratings altogether, which may have the same effect as a reduction in our ratings.
We are rated by certain Indian rating agencies, which include CRISIL, CARE and ICRA, with a long-term rating of AAA and a stable outlook.
However, there is no assurance that we will always be able to maintain the highest rating and any significant decline in our business
or capital position or increase in non-performing loans could impact our rating or outlook. Any reduction in our ratings (or withdrawal
of ratings) may increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to capital markets and adversely affect our ability to sell or market
our products, engage in business transactions particularly longer-term, and derivatives transactions, or retain our customers. Conditions
in the international and Indian debt markets may adversely impact our access to financing and liquidity. This, in turn, could reduce
our liquidity and negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. For more information, relating to our ratings, see
also “
Business—Risk Management—Market Risk—Liquidity Risk.
”

28

Table of Contents

Our funding is
primarily short-term and if depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely affected.

Most of our incremental
funding requirements are met through short-term funding sources, primarily in the form of deposits including current and savings account
deposits, term deposits from retail customers, term deposits from corporate customers and interbank deposits. Our customer deposits generally
have a maturity of less than two years with an option of early withdrawal before contractual maturity. A large portion of our assets
have medium or long-term maturities, creating the potential for funding mismatches. For instance, our mortgage loans and corporate term
loans typically have longer-term maturities compared to our funding profile.

Our international
branches are primarily funded by debt capital market issuances and syndicated/bilateral loans, while our international subsidiaries generally
raise deposits in their local markets. Volatility in the international debt markets may constrain our international capital market borrowings.
There can be no assurance that our international branches and subsidiaries will be able to obtain funding from the international debt
markets or other sources in a timely manner on terms acceptable to them or at all. This may adversely impact our ability to replace maturing
borrowings and fund new assets. In addition, borrowers who have taken foreign currency loans from us may face challenges in meeting their
repayment obligations on account of market conditions and currency movements. See also “
—Risks relating to India and other
economic and market risks—Financial instability in other countries, particularly countries where we have established operations,
could adversely affect our business.
”

A determination
against us in respect of disputed tax assessments may adversely impact our financial performance.

We are regularly
assessed by the Government of India’s tax authorities, and on account of outstanding tax demands we have included in contingent
liabilities Rs. 103.5 billion in additional taxes in excess of our provisions at March 31, 2024. These additional tax demands mainly
relate to income tax, service tax, goods and services tax, sales tax and value added tax by the Government of India’s tax authorities
for past years. The amount of Rs. 103.5 billion included in our contingent liabilities does not include further disputed tax
assessments amounting to Rs. 141.1 billion, of which Rs. 92.1 billion pertains to the demand of inadvertently denied advance tax
credit and incorrect tax rate considered by tax authority, Rs. 25.9 billion mainly relates to tax on bad debts written off, broken
period interest and penalties levied, where the possibility of liability arising has been considered remote based on favorable Supreme
Court of India decisions in own or other similar cases, Rs. 19.0 billion relating to non-payment of GST on co-insurance premium and re-insurance
commission and Rs. 4.1 billion relating to error requiring rectification by tax authorities. See also “
Business—Legal
and Regulatory Proceedings
”. Further, we are subject to various ongoing inquiries by the tax authorities through ongoing investigations/
notices which mainly consist of levy of service tax on deemed services provided by banks to customers maintaining specified minimum balances
in their deposit accounts and denial of goods and services input tax credit on non-cashless settlements and marketing expenses in the
case of our insurance subsidiaries. The department has issued show cause notice, which is not adjudicated as demand. These issues are
industry wide issues and the ICICI Group is contesting these issues with the tax authorities. The tax related inquiries are usually not
included in contingent liabilities, as we believe that such proceedings will not be upheld by judicial authorities.

29

Table of Contents

We have contested
all of these issues which are the subject matter of investigations initiated or unfavorable orders issued by the tax authorities. While
we expect that no additional liability will arise out of these matters based on our consultations with tax counsel and favorable decisions
in our own and other cases, wherever applicable, there can be no assurance that these matters will be settled in our favor or that no
further liability will arise out of these demands. Any additional tax liability may adversely impact our financial performance and the
prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

There could be
a difference in the assessment of our indirect tax liability which may lead to additional demand being raised subsequently by tax authorities.
For instance, the service tax authorities, in earlier years, had raised a demand on trusts for certain funds managed by ICICI Venture
Funds Management Company Limited (“ICICI Venture”), our private equity subsidiary, including in relation to the amounts retained
by the trusts for incurring various expenses, distribution of certain class of unit holders and provisions for certain expenses/losses.
This matter is under litigation in the Karnataka High Court and the Karnataka High court has granted favourable order in current year
against appeals filed by funds managed by ICICI Venture for the partial period. The matter for the balance period is pending for adjudication
with the High Court, against the order of the Appellate Tribunal.

Negative publicity
could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Reputation risk,
or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative publicity, is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion about
the financial services industry generally or us specifically could adversely affect our ability to keep and attract customers, and expose
us to litigation and regulatory action. Negative publicity can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities,
including lending practices and specific credit exposures, the level of non-performing loans, corporate governance, regulatory compliance,
mergers and acquisitions, and related disclosure, sharing or inadequate protection of customer information, and actions taken by government,
regulators, investigative agencies, courts and community organizations in response to that conduct. Being a large financial services
organization, we are exposed to media coverage and public scrutiny of our business practices, our board of directors, key management
personnel, policies and actions. Although we take steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with such events, we, are inherently exposed
to this risk.

We have experienced
negative publicity with respect to the allegations levelled against Ms. Kochhar and her spouse and the whistleblower complaints regarding
alleged incorrect asset classification and other allegations. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence
in a highly regulated sector—The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent enquiry, taken action against the
former Managing Director and CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter by government and regulatory agencies
to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory actions that may result in legal
and reputation risk for the Bank
.” Investigations are still going on and we cannot be certain how the investigations by the
government and regulatory and other agencies will conclude with regard to the issue of the former CEO and it is possible that the conclusions
of these investigations could lead to more negative publicity.

Any additional
unfavorable publicity may adversely impact investor confidence and affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. Our subsidiaries’
businesses include mutual fund, portfolio and private equity fund management, which are exposed to various risks including diminution
in value of investments and inadequate liquidity of the investments. We also distribute products of our insurance, asset management and
private equity subsidiaries. Investors in these funds and schemes may allege mismanagement or weak fund management as well as mis-selling
and conflicts of interest, which may impact our overall reputation as a financial services group and may require us to support these
businesses with liquidity and may result in a reduction in business volumes and revenues from these businesses. We are also exposed to
the risk of litigation, claims or disputes by customers, counterparties or other constituents across our businesses.

30

Table of Contents

The exposures
of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The loan portfolio
of our international branches and banking subsidiaries includes foreign currency loans to Indian companies for their Indian operations
(where permitted by regulation) as well as for their overseas ventures, including cross-border acquisitions. This exposes us to specific
additional risks including the failure of the acquired entities to perform as expected, and our inexperience in various aspects of the
economic and legal framework in overseas markets. We are, through our international branches and banking subsidiaries, also exposed to
a variety of credit risks in local markets, where our expertise and experience may be limited. Our international profile has also increased
the complexity of our risks in a number of areas including price risks, currency risks, interest rate risks, compliance risk, regulatory
and reputational risk and operational risk. We also face risks arising from our ability to manage inconsistent legal and regulatory requirements
in the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate. Our businesses are subject to changes in legal and regulatory requirements and it
may not be possible to predict the timing or nature of such changes. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence
in a highly regulated sector—The opportunities for growth in our international operations and our ability to repatriate capital
from these operations may be limited by the local regulatory environments.
” Business opportunities in these jurisdictions will
also determine the growth in our operations.

Global developments
including geopolitical tensions could impact economic growth in Canada and the United Kingdom, which in turn could impact the business
of our banking subsidiaries in these countries. Our international branches and banking subsidiaries undertake select local banking businesses,
including lending to multinational and local corporations, small businesses, property backed lending and insured and other mortgages,
and in the event of these corporations being impacted by global and local economic conditions it could have an adverse impact on our
business. Our international branches and banking subsidiaries have also made investments in bonds, certificates of deposit, mortgage
backed securities, treasury bills and asset-backed commercial paper.

We are repositioning
our international business strategy to sharpen our focus on the non-resident Indian community and on India-linked trade. We aim to progressively
exit exposures that are not linked to India in a planned manner at our international branches. Our overseas banking subsidiaries will
continue to serve local markets selectively with a focus on risk mitigation and granularity of business. There can be no assurance of
our successful execution of this strategy. Moreover, the risk of future pandemics and financial crises may also increase challenges for
our international branches and banking subsidiaries. If we are unable to manage these risks, our business would be adversely affected.
The classification of the loan portfolio of our international branches and banking subsidiaries is also subject to the regulations of
respective local regulators. Such loans that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations for reasons other than record
of recovery, but which are standard as per the current Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are classified as non-performing to the extent
of the amount of outstanding loan in the host country. Overseas regulators may also require higher provisions against loans held in their
jurisdictions.

Entry into new
businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business.

The rapid growth
of our retail, rural and small business loan portfolios exposes us to increased risks within India including higher levels of non-performing
loans in our unsecured retail credit portfolio, increased operational risk, increased fraud risk and increased regulatory and legal risk.
We continue to focus on scaling up our retail lending volumes and have seen an increase in our retail unsecured portfolio and our lending
to small businesses and entrepreneurs. Retail lending, including unsecured retail credit, has been an important driver of growth
for the Indian banking system. We have also entered into partnerships with technology companies with large customer bases to offer co-branded
credit products and as well as with non-banking financial companies for co-origination and/or purchases of loans. We intend to continue
to pursue similar partnerships.

31

Table of Contents

While we have taken
measures to address the risks in these businesses, there can be no assurance that the businesses would perform according to our expectations
or that there would not be any adverse developments in these businesses in the future. We use data analytics extensively in our lending
to retail and small business customers, and there can be no assurance that these analytical models will perform as intended. Our focus
on partnerships with other entities to grow our portfolio may not yield the desired results and may lead to additional risks. Our inability
to manage such risks may have an adverse impact on our future business and strategy, our asset quality and profitability and the prices
of our equity shares and ADSs.

Commission, exchange
and brokerage income, profit on foreign exchange transactions and other sources of fee income are important elements of our profitability,
and regulatory changes and market conditions could cause these income streams to decline and adversely impact our financial performance.

We earn commission,
exchange and brokerage income from a variety of activities, including loan processing, syndication and advisory services for corporate
clients with respect to their acquisition and project financing, distribution of retail investment and insurance products, transaction
banking and retail credit products. Our commission, exchange and brokerage income is therefore impacted by the level of corporate activity
including new financing proposals, the demand for retail financial products and the overall level of economic and trade activity. Our
commission, exchange and brokerage income is also impacted by applicable regulations governing various products and segments of financial
services and changes in these regulations may adversely impact our income streams and ability to grow our business. Our fee income from
distribution of third party financial products is dependent on applicable regulations, the demand for these products and our distribution
strategy for banking and third party products.

Our industry
is very competitive and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.

Within the Indian
market, we face intense competition from other commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies, non-bank finance companies, new
private sector banks like payments banks and small finance banks and non-bank entities offering retail payments services. Some Indian
public and private sector banks have experienced higher growth and increase in market shares relative to us. The expansion of existing
competitors or the entry of new competitors could increase competition for products and services. There could be greater competition
for business opportunities if there is a slowdown in growth in the Indian banking sector. The establishment of account aggregators, permitted
by the Reserve Bank of India, facilitates sharing of customer data with different financial service providers from whom customers may
be seeking loans or other products and may increase competition by making it easier for new entrants to onboard customers at a lower
cost than traditional models. A large private sector bank in India has executed a merger of its parent company, which is a large housing
finance company, with itself, leading to a significant increase in size and scale for the bank. Further, a large private sector bank
in India completed the acquisition of the consumer businesses of a foreign bank operating in India, which will consolidate the bank’s
position in certain retail products. These moves may significantly impact competition in the industry, especially for deposits and retail
products.

Further, technology
innovations in mobility and digitization of financial services require banks and financial services companies to continuously develop
new and simplified models for offering banking products and services. The emergence of new platforms, or new operating models or new
types of banks or other entities offering digital banking solutions, are trends that could increase competitive pressures on banks, including
us. Innovations in the payments system and increasing use of mobile banking are leading to emergence of new platforms for cashless payments.
This can also lead to new types of banks expanding their presence in other financial products like insurance and mutual funds. Non-financial
companies, particularly international technology companies including large e-commerce players and internet-based service providers are
increasing their presence in the financial sector and are offering payment platforms and select services. We are currently partnering
with some of these entities to jointly offer payment and credit products and services. Some or all of these entities, which have substantially
more resources than us and other Indian banks, may eventually seek a larger share of the banking and financial services market in India
and compete with us. Our subsidiaries also face similar risks, including enhanced competition from new, technology-led players with disruptive
business models that may result in a loss of market share or reduced profitability or both, for existing players. There is no assurance
that we will be able to continue to respond promptly to new technological developments, and be in a position to participate in new market
opportunities or dedicate resources to upgrade our systems and compete with new players entering the market. See also “
—Risks
relating to technology—The growing use of technology in banking and financial services creates additional risks of competition,
reliability and security”.

32

Table of Contents

We face competition
from non-banking finance companies that are lending in segments in which banks also have a presence, including home loans and vehicle
loans. Their presence in the market may grow during periods when banks are unable to grow their advances due to challenges and stress
in other businesses. There is no assurance that we will be able to effectively compete with these non-banking finance companies at all
times. Further, changes in the banking sector structure due to consolidation as well as entry of new competitors may lead to volatility
and new challenges and may increase pressure on banks to remain competitive.

Any changes in
the banking structure in India, including the entry of new banks, greater competition between existing players and improvement in the
efficiency and competitiveness of existing banks, may have an adverse impact on our business. Due to competitive pressures, we may be
unable to successfully execute our growth strategy or offer products and services at reasonable returns and this may adversely impact
our business. See also “
Business—Competition
”.

In our international
operations we also face competition from the full range of competitors in the financial services industry, both banks and non-banks and
both Indian and foreign banks. We remain a small to mid-size player in the international market and many of our competitors have resources
much greater than our own.

There is operational
risk associated with the financial industry which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business.

We, like all financial
institutions, are exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees or outsiders,
unauthorized transactions by employees and third parties (including violation of regulations for prevention of corrupt practices, and
other regulations governing our business activities), misreporting or non-reporting with respect to statutory, legal or regulatory reporting
and disclosure obligations, or operational errors, including non-compliance with internal processes, clerical or recordkeeping and reconciliation
errors or errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems. We have experienced significant growth in a fast changing
environment, and management as well as our regulators are aware that this may pose significant challenges to our control framework. As
a result of our internal evaluations, we and our regulators have noted certain areas where our processes and controls could be improved.
Our growth, particularly in retail, small business and rural lending, our international business and our insurance businesses, and our
extensive use of digital technology, expose us to additional operational and control risks. Regulatory scrutiny of areas related to operational
risk, including internal audit information, systems and data processing is increasing. Our inability to manage operational risk and ensure
the resilience of our systems and infrastructure may lead to regulatory action against us. The large size of our treasury and retail
operations, which use automated control and recording systems as well as manual checks and recordkeeping, exposes us to the risk of errors
in control, recordkeeping and reconciliation. The increasing size of our insurance business and the complexities of the products expose
us to the risk that the models set up on actuarial software to compute the actuarial liabilities and deferred acquisition cost may contain
errors or may require continuous improvement over a period of time. Given our high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated
or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. In addition, our dependence upon automated systems to record, process
and monitor and/or review transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws, employee tampering, manipulation of
those systems and deficiency in access control management will result in losses that are difficult to detect. We may also be subject
to disruptions of our operating systems, arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control (including, for instance,
computer viruses or electrical or telecommunication outages), which may give rise to deterioration in customer service and to loss or
liability to us.

33

Table of Contents

We also outsource
some functions, like collections, sourcing of retail loans and management of ATMs to other entities and hence we are also exposed to
the risk that external vendors may be unable to fulfil their contractual obligations to us (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud
or operational errors by their respective employees as we are), and to the risk that our (or our vendors’) business continuity
and data security systems prove not to be sufficiently adequate. We also face the risk that the design of our controls and procedures
proves inadequate, or is circumvented, thereby causing delays in detection or errors in information. We are also exposed to operational
risks from transactions with other financial institutions and intermediaries. Although we maintain a system of controls designed to keep
operational risk at appropriate levels, like all banks and insurance companies we have suffered losses from operational risk. There can
be no assurance that we will not suffer losses from operational risks in the future that may be material in amount, and our reputation
could be adversely affected by the occurrence of any such events involving our employees, customers or third parties.

In addition, regulators
or governmental authorities or courts may also hold banks, including us, liable for losses on account of customer errors such as inadvertent
sharing of confidential account related information. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system especially of
controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error, circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures, in a fast
changing environment or when entering new areas of business or expanding geographic reach. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls
and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. We are committed to continuing to implement
and improve internal controls and our risk management processes, and this remains a key priority for us. If, however, we are unable to
manage operational risk in India and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate, or if we are perceived as being unable to manage
such risk, we may be subject to enhanced regulatory oversight and scrutiny. For a discussion of how operational risk is managed, see
also “
Business—Risk Management—Market Risk—Operational Risk
”.

Our failure to
establish, maintain and apply an adequate internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse affect on our reputation,
business, financial condition or results of operations.

We are responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and preparation and fair presentation of our published Indian GAAP consolidated financial statements
and disclosures relating to U.S. GAAP net income reconciliation, stockholders’ equity reconciliation and other disclosures as required
by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable GAAP. Our management is required to assess the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting and disclose whether such internal controls are effective. Our independent registered public accounting
firm has to conduct an audit to evaluate and then render an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
See “
Management—Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance Practices—Management’s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting
”.

34

Table of Contents

We have established
internal controls over financial reporting, as well as policies and procedures for evaluating those controls, in order to provide reasonable
assurance of the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements. However, these controls may not
prevent or detect errors. Any evaluation of effectiveness of future periods is subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. To the extent any
issues are identified through the foregoing processes, there can be no assurance that we will be able to resolve them in a timely manner
or at all. If this occurs, our reputation may be damaged, which could lead to a decline in investor confidence in us and may adversely
affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations.

We and our customers
are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

Certain of our
borrowers enter into derivative contracts to manage their foreign exchange risk exposures. Volatility in exchange rates may result in
increased mark-to-market losses in derivative transactions for our clients. Upon the maturity or premature termination of the derivative
contracts, these mark-to-market losses become receivables owed to us. Consequently, we become exposed to various kinds of risks including
but not limited to credit risk, market risk and exchange risk.

Exchange rates
are impacted by a number of factors including volatility of international capital markets, geo-political events, interest rates and monetary
policy stance in developed economies like the United States, level of inflation and interest rates in India, the balance of payment position
and trends in economic activity. Rising volatility in capital flows due to changes in monetary policy in the United States or other economies
or a reduction in risk appetite or increase in risk aversion among global investors and consequent reduction in global liquidity may
impact the Indian economy and financial markets. In fiscal 2023, the rupee depreciated to Rs. 82.19 per U.S. dollar at March 31,
2023 from Rs. 75.87 per U.S. dollar at March 31, 2022. This was following the tightening of monetary policy by the U.S. Federal
Reserve due to rising inflation concerns including the failure of three regional banks in the U.S. and a bank in Europe; the ongoing
war between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on Russia. During fiscal 2024, the rupee depreciated to Rs. 83.40 per U.S.
dollar at March 31, 2024 from Rs. 82.18 per U.S. dollar at March 31, 2023. The higher for longer narrative for US rates helped in
keeping the dollar stronger throughout the year, with dollar index appreciating by 1.9% during the fiscal 2024.

Some of our borrowers
with foreign exchange and derivative exposures may be adversely impacted by the depreciation of the rupee. These include borrowers impacted
by higher rupee denominated interest or principal repayment on unhedged foreign currency borrowings; increases in the cost of raw material
imports where there is limited ability to pass through such escalations to customers; and the escalation of project costs due to higher
imported equipment costs; and borrowers that may have taken adverse positions in the foreign exchange markets. The failure of our borrowers
to manage their exposures to foreign exchange and derivative risk, particularly adverse movements and volatility in foreign exchange
rates, may adversely affect our borrowers and consequently the quality of our exposure to our borrowers and our business volumes and
profitability.

Further, any increased
intervention in the foreign exchange market or other measures by the Reserve Bank of India to control the volatility of the exchange
rate, may result in a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and reduced liquidity and higher interest rates in the Indian
economy. Prolonged periods of volatility in exchange rates, reduced liquidity and high interest rates could adversely affect our business,
our future financial performance and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. A sharp depreciation in the exchange rate may also impact
some corporate borrowers having foreign currency obligations that are not fully hedged.

An increase in
non-performing or restructured assets on account of our borrowers’ inability to manage exchange rate risk and any increased capital
or provisioning requirement against such exposures may have an adverse impact on our profitability, our business and the prices of our
equity shares and ADSs. We have adopted certain risk management policies to mitigate such risk. However, there is no assurance that such
measures will be fully effective in mitigating such risks.

35

Table of Contents

We may seek opportunities
for growth through acquisitions, divest our existing businesses, or be required to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and
could face integration and other acquisitions risks.

We may seek opportunities
for growth through acquisitions or be required to undertake mergers mandated by the Reserve Bank of India under its statutory powers. In
the past, we have undertaken mergers and acquisitions. In some cases, the Reserve Bank of India has ordered mergers of weak banks with
other banks primarily in the interest of depositors of the weak banks. For example, the Government of India announced the amalgamation
of 10 public sector banks into four larger banks in 2020 as part of a consolidation measure to create fewer banks that are individually
larger in scale. We may in the future examine and seek opportunities for acquisitions. Our subsidiaries in India may also undertake mergers,
acquisitions and takeovers in India or internationally.

We may also increase
or reduce our shareholding in our subsidiaries and affiliates, or divest other existing businesses wholly or partially, for a variety
of reasons including changes in strategic focus, redeployment of capital, contractual obligations and regulatory requirements. Mergers
and acquisitions by our subsidiaries could lead to reduction in our shareholding in such subsidiaries (including to below majority ownership
in certain subsidiaries), and under applicable law that may require us to reduce our shareholding to 30.0% or less, unless we receive
regulatory and governmental approval to maintain a higher level of shareholding, which may be subject to various conditions including
divestment to the required level of 30.0% within a specified timeframe. During fiscal 2022, following the completion of a previously
announced all-stock merger by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company, the Bank’s shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company decreased to 48.1%, and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company ceased to be a subsidiary of the Bank. In May 2023, the Board
of the Bank approved acquisition of up to 4.0% of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's shareholding, to make it a subsidiary
of the Bank, subject to receipt of necessary regulatory approvals. During fiscal 2024, the Bank received regulatory approval and through
the stock exchange mechanism had acquired the additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in multiple tranches,
resulting into increase in shareholding of more than 50.0%. Consequently, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company ceased to be an affiliate
and became a subsidiary of the Bank.

At March 31, 2024,
ICICI Bank held 74.73% of the equity shares of its broking subsidiary, ICICI Securities Limited (ICICI Securities), and the other 25.27%
of the equity shares were held by the public. In June 2023, the Board of Directors of the Bank and its broking subsidiary, ICICI Securities
approved a scheme for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities, by issuing equity shares of the Bank to the public shareholders
of ICICI Securities (in the swap ratio of 67:100), in lieu of cancellation of their equity shares in ICICI Securities, thereby making
ICICI Securities a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, under Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021.
Pursuant to receipt of requisite regulatory approvals and the order of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunals,  meetings of
the equity shareholders of the Bank and ICICI Securities were held on March 27, 2024, wherein the proposed scheme was approved by the
requisite majority of shareholders. Certain shareholders of ICICI Securities have filed objections to the scheme and the scheme is currently pending for approval of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunals.

Any future acquisitions
or mergers or takeovers, whether by us or our subsidiaries, may involve a number of risks, Risks may include the possibility of a deterioration
of asset quality, quality of business and business operations, financial impact of employee related liabilities, changes in economic
and financial market conditions, and diversion of our management’s attention required to integrate the acquired business. Risks
may include the failure to retain key acquired personnel and clients, leverage synergies or rationalize operations, or develop the skills
required for new businesses and markets. We are also at risk of liabilities including any ongoing litigation, claims or disputes concerning
such acquisition, merger, its shareholders, share capital or its legal and regulatory compliance obligations or practices. Some or all
of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business or that of our subsidiaries.

36

Table of Contents

We depend on
the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties.

In deciding whether
to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or
on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We may also rely on certain
representations as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of their
independent auditors. For instance, in deciding whether to extend credit, we may assume that a customer’s audited financial
statements conform to generally accepted accounting principles and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the customer. Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected
by relying on financial statements that do not comply with generally accepted accounting principles or other information that is materially
misleading. According to data published by the Reserve Bank of India, frauds reported in the Indian banking sector have shown an increasing
trend in recent years, and the composition of the fraud amount reported is largely dominated by frauds related to loans and advances.
In addition, our access to information about the credit histories of our borrowers, especially individuals and small businesses, may
be limited, relative to what is typically available for similar borrowers in developed economies with more established nation-wide credit
bureaus. This may affect the quality of information available to us about the credit history of our borrowers, especially individuals
and small businesses. As a result, our ability to effectively manage our credit risk may be adversely affected.

We are involved
in various litigations. Any final judgment awarding material damages against us could have a material adverse impact on our future financial
performance and our stockholders’ equity.

We and our group
companies, or our or their directors or officers, are often involved in (civil and criminal litigation) in India and in the other jurisdictions
in which we operate for a variety of reasons, which generally arise because we seek to recover amounts due from borrowers or because
customers seek claims against us or disputes may arise in connection with financial services. In certain instances, former employees
have instituted legal and other proceedings against us. The majority of these cases arise in the normal course of business and we believe,
based on the facts of the cases and consultation with counsel, that these cases generally do not involve the risk of a material adverse
impact on our financial performance or stockholders’ equity. We estimate the probability of losses that may be incurred in connection
with legal and regulatory proceedings as of the date on which our unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements are prepared.
We recognize a provision when we have a present obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources will
be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made. We determine the amount of
provision based on our estimate of the amount required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date, supplemented by our experience
in similar situations. We review provisions at each balance sheet date and adjust them to reflect current estimates. In cases where the
available information indicates that a loss is reasonably possible but the amount of such loss cannot be reasonably estimated, we make
a disclosure to this effect in the unconsolidated and consolidated financial statements. Whenever we consider it appropriate and the
legal or regulatory guidelines so permit, we may seek to settle or compound legal or regulatory proceedings through consensual process
with the concerned claimant or regulator, which may entail monetary payment or receipt or agreeing to non-monetary terms. When there
is only a remote risk of loss, we do not recognize a provision nor do we include a disclosure in the unconsolidated and consolidated
financial statements. See also “
Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
”. We cannot guarantee that the judgments
in, or the outcomes of any of the litigation or other proceedings or of any settlement or compounding of legal or regulatory proceedings
in which we are involved would be favorable to us and if our assessment of the risk changes, our view on provisions will also change.

37

Table of Contents

See also, “—Risks
relating to our business—A determination against us in respect of disputed tax assessments may adversely impact our financial performance.”
and “Business—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings”.

We continue to
expand our branch network and any inability to use these branches productively may have an adverse impact on our growth and profitability.

The Bank’s
branch network in India increased from 5,900 branches at March 31, 2023 to 6,523 branches at March 31, 2024. Although we plan to leverage
our extensive geographical reach to support growth in our business, our new branches typically operate at lower productivity levels,
as compared to our existing branches. See also “
—Risks relating to our business—We may seek opportunities for growth
through acquisitions, divest our existing businesses, or be required to undertake mergers by the Reserve Bank of India and could face
integration and other acquisitions risks
”. We also have a substantial branch network in rural and semi-urban areas and have
also established branches in villages that did not have any banking services. Any inability to achieve or substantial delays in achieving
desired levels of deposits, advances and revenues from the new branches would have an adverse impact on our growth and profitability
and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

We depend on
the knowledge and skills of our senior management. Any inability to attract them and retain them and other talented professionals or
any loss of senior management or other talented professionals may adversely impact our business.

Our continued success
depends in part on the continued service of key members of our management team and our ability to continue to attract, train, motivate
and retain highly qualified professionals. This is a key element of our strategy and we believe it to be a significant source of competitive
advantage. The successful implementation of our strategy depends on the availability of skilled management, both at our head office and
at each of our business units and international locations, continuity in the service of our directors, executives and senior managers,
and our ability to attract and train young professionals.

The appointment
of individuals in certain positions is subject to regulatory and shareholder approvals. Any stringent requirements by our regulator for
appointing key members in the management may require us to reorganize our management structure and may affect our ability to identify,
hire and appoint suitable professionals for various roles.

The loss of any
member from our senior management, including directors and key personnel, can have a material impact on our business, our financial performance,
our stockholders’ equity, our ability to implement our strategy and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. If we or one of our
business units or other functions fail to staff operations appropriately, or lose one or more key senior executives or qualified young
professionals and fail to replace them in a satisfactory and timely manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations,
including our control and operational risks, may be adversely affected. Likewise, if we fail to attract and appropriately train, motivate
and retain young professionals or other talent, our business may likewise be affected. We have recently made several changes to our human
resource management practices, including key performance indicators, unit-level operating flexibility and accountability and a shift
from grades to functional designations at senior levels, aimed at greater agility and synergy across the organization. There can be no
assurance that these measures will be successful in meeting the desired objectives.

A substantial portion
of our compensation structure for middle and senior management is in the form of employee stock options and dependent on the market price
of our equity shares. We introduced an employee stock unit scheme aimed primarily at up to the middle-level management employees pursuant
to which, stock units will be issued at the face value of Rs. 2.0 per unit, with phased vesting of units based upon the continuation
of the employee. However, increased competition, including the entry of new banks into an already competitive sector, may affect our
ability to hire and retain qualified employees. See also “
Business—Employees
”.

38

Table of Contents

Future health epidemics
or natural disasters could impact our employees, including senior management. There can be no assurance that this would not impact our
ability to manage or conduct our business or the price of our equity shares and ADSs.

Risks relating to technology

The growing use
of technology in banking and financial services creates additional risks of competition, reliability and security.

Our business and
our operations are heavily dependent upon our ability to offer digital products and services and process large volumes of transactions.
This has increased our reliance on technology in recent years. Technology innovations in financial services require banks and financial
services companies to continuously develop new and simplified models for offering banking products and services. See also
“—Risks
relating to our business—Our industry is very competitive and our strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively.”

The growing demand
for digital banking services has substantially increased the volume of transactions for the banking system. This has required banks to
enhance their focus on the availability and scalability of their systems in the context of growing customer dependence on digital transactions
and increasing volumes of such transactions and may require additional investments. Any disruption in service delivery could impact our
business, our financial position and our reputation, and also lead to regulatory action including imposing restrictions on business.

We face security
risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion
or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our
business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.

Our businesses
rely on our secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer
and data management systems and networks and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. To access our
products and services, our customers may use personal smartphones, tablets, laptops, PCs, and other mobile devices that are beyond our
control systems and subject to their own cybersecurity risks. Given our reliance and focus on technology and presence in diverse geographies,
our technologies, systems, networks, and our customers’ devices are subject to security risks and are susceptible to cyber-attacks
(such as, denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities or identity theft) that could negatively impact the confidentiality,
integrity or availability of data pertaining to us or our customers, which in turn may cause direct loss of money to our customers or
to us, damage to our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results. Third parties with which we do business or that
facilitate our business activities could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns
or failures of their own systems or capacity constraints.

39

Table of Contents

We, our customers,
regulators and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been
subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. These cyber-attacks include computer viruses, malicious or
destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or information, ransomware, advanced threats from large language models, improper
access by employees or vendors, attacks on personal email of employees, ransom demands to not expose security vulnerabilities in our
systems or the systems of third parties or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring,
misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information of ours, our employees, our customers or of third parties,
damage our systems or otherwise materially disrupt our or our customers’ or other third parties’ network access or business
operations. Like many other large global financial institutions, we have also experienced attacks pertaining to distributed denial of
services which were intended to disrupt customer access to our main portal. While our monitoring and mitigating controls were able to
detect and effectively respond to such incidents, there can be no assurance that these security measures will be successful in the future.
As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our
protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.

We have a governance
framework in place for security and have implemented information security policies, procedures and technologies. However, considering
that technology is currently in a phase of rapid evolution and that the methods used for cyber-attacks are also changing frequently or,
in some cases, are not recognized until an actual attack, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures
against all security breaches. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and
could be held liable for any security breach or loss.

Cybersecurity risks
for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and
the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. For example, cybersecurity risks may increase
as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products
and applications. In addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication
and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors,
activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. Some of the newer technologies like artificial
intelligence and quantum computing harnesses the laws of quantum mechanics to solve problems that are too complex for classical computers. Large
scale artificial intelligence disruptions have the potential to improve technological advantages by swiftly processing data through real-time
analytics, ultimately leading to enhanced customer experience, optimized operations and predictive risk analysis. That being said, cyber
attacks using artificial intelligence technology present a substantial threat due to their ability to identify vulnerabilities faster
using sophisticated attack methods and adapt real-time, evading traditional security measures. Encryption tools are used to secure online
communications between parties from any possible attackers. Such newer technologies could pose a threat to the existing encryption
protocols and could lead to unauthorized access to internal data. Even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable
to compromise. Targeted social engineering attacks and “spear phishing” attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely
difficult to prevent. In such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, customers or other users of our
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients. Persistent attackers may succeed
in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be
recognized until launched and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. The risk of a security breach caused by a
cyber-attack at a vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. Additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks
or security breaches at third-party vendors with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. We could also face
cybersecurity risks which result in direct loss of money, of the Bank and its customers due to cyber attacks, which could result in penalty
and restrictions on business as well as reputational risks for the Bank.

We also face indirect
technology, cybersecurity and operational risks relating to clients and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we
rely to facilitate or enable our business activities, including, for example, financial counterparties, regulators and providers of critical
infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity
of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach that significantly
degrades, deletes or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties
or other market participants, including us. This consolidation, interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk of operational failure,
on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis.

40

Table of Contents

Any third-party
technology failure, cyber-attack or other information or security breach, termination or constraint could, among other things, adversely
affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our business. Cyber-attacks or
other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences.
Hacking of personal information and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. A successful penetration
or circumvention of system security could cause us serious negative consequences, including our loss of customers and business opportunities,
costs associated with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach; significant business disruption to our operations
and business, misappropriation, exposure, or destruction of our confidential information, intellectual property, funds, and/or those
of our customers; or damage to our computers or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation
exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement
or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial
condition.

Our customers could
also be exposed to increased phishing and vishing attacks that could result in a financial loss to them, and in turn lead to claims for
compensation from the Bank or reputation loss for the Bank.

System failures
or system downtime could adversely impact our business.

Given the large
share of retail products and services and transaction banking services in our total business, the importance of systems technology to
our business has increased significantly. Our business, financial, accounting, data processing systems or other operating systems and
facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly
or partially beyond our control, such as surges in customer transaction volume, utility disruptions or failures, natural disasters, diseases
pandemics, events arising from political or social matters and terrorist attacks. While we have procedures to monitor for and prevent
system downtime or failures, and to recover from system failures in the event they occur, there is no guarantee that these procedures
will successfully prevent a system failure or allow us to recover quickly from a system failure. In the event that our data center is
severely impacted, while we have a secondary disaster recovery data center, recovery of some of our systems and services may be delayed,
thereby adversely impacting our operations and customer service levels. Any failure in our systems, particularly for retail products
and services and transaction banking, could significantly affect our operations and the quality of our customer service and could result
in enhanced regulatory scrutiny and actions and business and financial losses that would adversely affect the prices of our equity shares
and ADSs. Regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing. See also “
—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a
highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory
action against us, whether formal or informal.
”

41

Table of Contents

Risks relating to our insurance
subsidiaries

Additional capital
requirements of our insurance subsidiaries or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding or make further investments in these
companies as required may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

At March 31, 2024,
we owned 51.2% of the equity shares of our life insurance subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, and 51.3% of the equity
shares of our general insurance subsidiary, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company.

Although our insurance
businesses are profitable and we currently do not anticipate that they would require capital, additional capital may be required to support
the business which may, among other reasons, arise due to regulatory requirements or increased opportunities for growth or changes in
loss experience and actuarial assumptions. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries— Actuarial experience
and other factors could differ from assumptions made in the calculation of life actuarial reserves and other actuarial information”
and “—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—Loss reserves for our subsidiary’s general insurance business
are based on estimates as to future claims liabilities and adverse developments relating to claims could lead to further reserve additions
and materially adversely affect the operation of our general insurance subsidiary.”
Our insurance subsidiaries may also explore
mergers and acquisitions which may lead to issuance of equity shares. Issuance of additional equity shares for these or other reasons
would reduce our shareholding, unless we invest additional capital in these businesses. Our ability to invest additional capital in these
businesses is subject to the Reserve Bank of India’s regulations on capital adequacy and its guidelines on financial services provided
by banks that prescribe limits for our aggregate investment in financial sector enterprises. All such investments require prior approval
of the Reserve Bank of India.

Any additional
capital requirements of our insurance companies, restrictions on our ability to capitalize them and a requirement that we reduce or increase
our shareholding could adversely impact their growth, our future capital adequacy, our financial performance and the prices of their
equity shares and our equity shares and ADSs. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Insurance
”
and “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—While our insurance businesses are an important part of our business,
there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability.
”

While our insurance
businesses are an important part of our business, there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability.

Our life insurance
and general insurance businesses are an important part of our business. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and
Services—Insurance
”. These businesses have experienced volatility in growth rates in the past and there can be no assurance
of their future rates of growth or profitability.

The Indian life
insurance sector has experienced significant regulatory changes in recent years. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations
Governing Insurance Companies
”. The regulatory changes, apart from impacting the business strategy, have also resulted in reduced
profit margins on life insurance products. Our life insurance subsidiary’s growth and profitability depends on various factors,
including the mix of products in its portfolio, its relationship with various distribution partners, regulatory changes and market movements.
ICICI Bank is a corporate agent of its insurance subsidiary and accounts for less than 15% of the business volumes of its life insurance
subsidiary based on annualised premium equivalent for fiscal 2024. The life insurance subsidiary’s business is well-diversified
across its product mix and distribution mix. While the subsidiary has been making profits since fiscal 2010, there can be no assurance
of the continued growth of the subsidiary’s business and profitability, including the business generated by the Bank.

42

Table of Contents

We conduct our
general insurance business through our general insurance subsidiary, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company. ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company’s growth, profitability and return on equity depends on various factors, including the proportion of certain profitable
products in its portfolio, the maintenance on its relationship with key distribution partners and credit worthy reinsurers, continuation
of support by the Government of India of certain insurance schemes, maintenance of continued reputation and goodwill with customers including
well managed customer concentration risk, regulatory changes and their compliance, climate change factors, changes to tax positions or
judgements/tax orders, minimization of losses attributable to internal and external frauds and market movements. There can be no assurance
of the future rates of growth, solvency and profitability in the insurance business and various global geo-political environment can
also influence the same, amongst other pertinent internal and external factors. While this subsidiary has been making profits since fiscal
2013, there can be no assurance of the future profitability or rates of growth in the insurance business. See also “
—Risks
relating to our insurance subsidiaries—Additional capital requirements of our insurance entities or our inability to monetize a
part of our shareholding in these entities may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.”

and “
Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Governing Insurance Companies.
”

Further, the Insurance
Regulatory Development Authority of India has from time to time proposed changes to the regulations governing distribution of insurance
products by corporate agents, including banks. Any future regulatory changes or restrictions may require our insurance subsidiaries to
change its distribution strategies, which may result in increased costs and lower business volumes, as well as impacting ICICI Bank’s
distribution of their products and the associated fee income. A slowdown in growth in the Indian economy, the impact from any future
catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics, further regulatory changes or customer dissatisfaction with our insurance products including
but not limited to lack of required innovation in products could adversely impact the future growth of these businesses. See also “
—Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector— The enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the
financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal
”. Any slowdown in these businesses
could have an adverse impact on our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Actuarial experience
and other factors could differ from assumptions made in the calculation of life actuarial reserves and other actuarial information.

The assumptions
our life insurance subsidiary makes in assessing its life insurance reserves and computing other actuarial information may differ from
actual experiences. These assumptions include the assessment of the long-term development of interest rates, investment returns, the
allocation of investments between equity, fixed income and other categories, persistency, mortality and morbidity rates, policyholder
lapses, policy discontinuation and future expense levels. In addition, there is a risk that the model used to estimate life and health
insurance reserves based on such assumptions could be incorrect.

Our life insurance
subsidiary monitors its actual experience of these assumptions and if any deviation from assumption is expected to continue in the longer
term, it refines its long-term assumptions. Changes in any such assumptions may lead to changes in the estimates of life and health insurance
reserves and other actuarial information. Such changes may also impact the valuation of our life insurance subsidiary by existing or
potential investors, and the valuation at which any future monetization of our shareholding in the life insurance subsidiary may take
place, if at all.

While our life
insurance subsidiary monitors its experience and assumptions, events such as the COVID-19 pandemic are not anticipated in setting life
insurance reserves. Higher claims due to any such pandemic in the future would have an adverse impact on the earnings and net worth of
the subsidiary.

43

Table of Contents

Loss reserves
for our subsidiary’s general insurance business are based on estimates as to future claims liabilities and adverse developments
relating to claims could lead to further reserve additions and materially adversely affect the operation of our general insurance subsidiary.

In accordance with
the general insurance industry practice and accounting and regulatory requirements, our general insurance company establishes reserves
for loss and loss adjustment expenses related to its general insurance business. Reserves are based on estimates of future payments that
will be made in respect of claims, including expenses relating to such claims. The estimation of the loss reserves relies on several
key actuarial steps and assumptions, for example, selection of the actuarial methods by line of business, groupings of similar product
lines and determination of underlying actuarial assumptions like expected loss ratios, loss development factors, and loss cost trend
factors. Such estimates are made on both a case-by-case basis of claims that have been reported but not settled, based on the facts
and circumstances available at the time the reserves are established, as well as in respect of losses that have been incurred but not
reported. These reserves represent the estimated ultimate cost necessary to bring all pending claims to final settlement.

Reserves are subject
to change due to a number of variables which affect the ultimate cost of claims, such as changes in claims handling procedures, legal
environment, social attitudes, results of litigation, costs of repairs, changing trends in medical costs, minimum wages and other factors
such as inflation and exchange rates. Our general insurance company’s reserves for environmental and other latent claims are particularly
subject to such variables. The results of operations of our general insurance company depend significantly upon the extent to which its
actual claims experience is consistent with the assumptions it uses in setting the prices for products and establishing the liabilities
for obligations for technical provisions and claims. To the extent that its actual claims experience is less favorable than the underlying
assumptions used in establishing such liabilities, it may be required to increase its reserves, which may materially adversely affect
its results of operations.

Established loss
reserves estimates are periodically adjusted in the ordinary course of settlement, using the most current information available to management,
and any adjustments resulting from changes in reserve estimates are reflected in current results of operations. Our general insurance
company also conducts reviews of all lines of business to consider the adequacy of reserve levels. Based on current information available
and on the basis of internal procedures, for example, multiple diagnostics, the management of our general insurance company considers
that these reserves are adequate. The management also follows a philosophy of keeping margins for adverse deviations over and above the
best estimates of the ultimate liability to protect against any unknown events which are not yet reflected in the past data. However,
because the establishment of reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses is an inherently uncertain process, there can be no assurance
that ultimate losses will not materially exceed the established reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses and have a material adverse
effect on the results of operations of our general insurance company. Such adverse effect may also impact the valuation of our general
insurance company by existing or potential investors, and the valuation at which any future monetization of our shareholding in the general
insurance company may take place, if at all. See also “
—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—Additional
capital requirements of our insurance entities or our inability to monetize a part of our shareholding in these entities may adversely
impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs
”.

The financial
results of our insurance companies could be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of a catastrophe.

Portions of our
general insurance business may cover losses from unpredictable events such as hurricanes, windstorms, epidemics, monsoons, earthquakes,
fires, industrial explosions, floods, riots and other man-made or natural disasters, including acts of terrorism, and epidemics or pandemics
and/or various climate change events. The incidence and severity of these catastrophes in any given period are inherently unpredictable.
Although reserves are established after an assessment of potential losses relating to catastrophes covered, there is no assurance that
such reserves would be sufficient to pay for all related claims.

44

Table of Contents

In addition, our
life insurance subsidiary’s business may incur losses due to increased mortality and morbidity claims of customers, affected by
catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics. In addition, catastrophes could result in losses in the investment portfolios of our life insurance
subsidiary due to, among other reasons, the failure of its counterparties to perform their obligations or significant volatility or disruption
in the financial markets.

Our general insurance
company’s operations are exposed to claims relating to catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics. Continuing higher claims related
to COVID-19 may adversely impact the profitability of our general insurance company.

Although our insurance
subsidiaries monitor their overall exposure to catastrophes and epidemics and other unpredictable events in each geographic region and
determine their underwriting limits related to insurance coverage for losses from such events, the insurance subsidiaries generally seek
to reduce their exposure through the purchase of reinsurance, selective underwriting practices and by monitoring risk accumulation. Claims
relating to catastrophes and epidemics or pandemics in future may result in unusually high levels of losses and may require additional
capital to maintain solvency margins and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or credit rating or the results
of our operations.

Risks Relating to ADSs and Equity
Shares

You will not
be able to vote your ADSs and your ability to withdraw equity shares from the depositary facility is subject to delays and legal restrictions.

Our ADS holders
have no voting rights, while holders of our equity shares do have voting rights. The ceiling on voting rights for any individual holder
of equity shares is 26.0% of the total voting rights of a bank. See also “
Major Shareholders
”. If you wish, you may withdraw
the equity shares underlying your ADSs and seek to exercise your voting rights under the equity shares you obtain from the withdrawal.
However, for foreign investors, this withdrawal process may be subject to delays. For a discussion of the legal restrictions triggered
by a withdrawal of the equity shares from the depositary facility upon surrender of ADSs, see also “
Restriction on Foreign Ownership
of Indian Securities
”.

Your holdings
may be diluted by additional issuances of equity and any dilution may adversely affect the market prices of our equity shares
and ADSs.

In 2020, we raised
Rs. 150.00 billion (US$ 2.0 billion) of equity capital through a Qualified Institutions Placement. We may in the future conduct
additional equity offerings to fund the growth of our business. In addition, up to 10.0% of our issued equity shares from time to time,
may be granted in accordance with our Employees Stock Option Scheme and 100 million units can be granted under Employees Stock Unit Scheme. We constantly evaluate different
financing options and any future issuance of equity shares or ADSs or exercise of employee stock options that would dilute the positions
of investors in equity shares and ADSs and could adversely affect the market prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

You may be
unable to exercise pre-emptive rights available to other shareholders.

A company incorporated
in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain
their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless these rights have been waived by at least
75.0% of the company’s shareholders present and voting at a shareholders’ general meeting. United States investors in ADSs
may be unable to exercise these pre-emptive rights for equity shares underlying ADSs unless a registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) is effective with respect to such rights or an exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act is available. Any decision to file a registration statement will depend on the costs and potential
liabilities associated with any such registration as well as the perceived benefits of enabling investors in ADSs to exercise their preemptive
rights and any other factors we consider appropriate at such time. To the extent that investors in ADSs are unable to exercise pre-emptive
rights, their proportional ownership interests in us would be reduced.

45

Table of Contents

Your ability
to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion of rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign
currency and the repatriation of such foreign currency may be subject to delays if specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India
is required.

ADS holders seeking
to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn upon surrender of ADSs, convert the rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency
or repatriate such foreign currency may need the Reserve Bank of India’s approval for each such transaction. See also “
Restriction
on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities
”. We cannot guarantee that any such approval will be obtained in a timely manner
or at terms favorable to the investor. Because of possible delays in obtaining the requisite approvals, investors in equity shares may be
prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increases or limiting losses during periods of price declines.

Restrictions
on reissuance and deposit of equity shares in the depositary facility could adversely affect the price of our ADSs.

Under current Indian
regulations, an ADS holder who surrenders ADSs and withdraws equity shares may deposit those equity shares again in the depositary
facility in exchange for ADSs. An investor who has purchased equity shares in the Indian market may also deposit those equity shares
in the ADS program. However, the deposit of equity shares may be subject to securities law restrictions and the restriction that
the cumulative aggregate number of equity shares that can be deposited as of any time cannot exceed the cumulative aggregate number represented
by ADSs converted into underlying equity shares as of such time. Further, the number of equity shares that can be deposited in exchange
of ADSs or the number of reissuances of the ADSs may be restricted subject to any amendment in the overall size of the ADS program. These
restrictions increase the risk that the market price of our ADSs will be below that of the equity shares.

The depositary
facility pursuant to which the ADSs are issued may be amended. Such amendment could include changes in the size of the ADS program. Any
such amendment could adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs or adversely affect the ability to
trade the ADSs.

Certain shareholders
own a large percentage of our equity shares and their actions could adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.

Any substantial
sale of our equity shares by any large shareholder See also “
Major Shareholders
” could adversely affect the prices
of our equity shares and ADSs. The Reserve Bank of India, in exercise of powers conferred by the Banking Regulation Act has notified
a ceiling on voting rights in a banking company for a single shareholder of 26.0%. Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas held 19.5% of
our equity shares at June 30, 2024 and must vote these shares as directed by our Board of Directors.

Conditions in
the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

The Indian securities
markets are smaller and more volatile than securities markets in developed economies. In the past, the Indian stock exchanges have experienced
high volatility and other problems that have affected the market price and liquidity of the listed securities, including temporary exchange
closures, broker defaults, settlement delays and strikes by brokers. Following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020,
the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex declined during the three months ended March 31, 2020 by 28.6%. During this period, several listed securities
were impacted, including our securities. The index has subsequently recovered. Even before the volatility caused by the COVID-19 pandemic,
volatility in the Indian stock markets have created temporary concerns regarding our exposure to the equity markets. In recent years,
there have been changes in laws and regulations regulating the taxation of dividend income, which have impacted the Indian equity capital
markets. See also “
Dividends
”. Similar problems or changes in the future could adversely affect the market price and
liquidity of our equity shares and ADSs.

46

Table of Contents

Settlement of
trades of equity shares on Indian stock exchanges may be subject to delays.

The equity shares
represented by ADSs are currently listed on the BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. Settlement on those stock
exchanges may be subject to delays and an investor in equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility upon surrender of ADSs
may not be able to settle trades on such stock exchanges in a timely manner. See also “
—Risks Relating to ADSs and
Equity Shares—Conditions in the Indian securities market may adversely affect the price or liquidity of our equity shares
and ADSs.
”

Because the equity
shares underlying ADSs are quoted in rupees in India, you may be subject to potential losses arising out of exchange rate risk on
the Indian rupee.

Investors who purchase
ADSs are required to pay for ADSs in U.S. dollars and are subject to currency fluctuation risk and convertibility risks since the equity
shares underlying ADSs are quoted in rupees on the Indian stock exchanges on which they are listed. Dividends on the equity shares will
also be paid in rupees and then converted into U.S. dollars for distribution to ADS investors. Investors who seek to convert the
rupee proceeds of a sale of equity shares withdrawn upon surrender of ADSs into foreign currency and repatriate the foreign currency
may need to obtain the approval of the Reserve Bank of India for each such transaction. See also “
—Risks Relating
to ADSs and Equity Shares—Your ability to sell in India any equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility, the conversion
of rupee proceeds from such sale into a foreign currency and the repatriation of such foreign currency may be subject to delays
if specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India is required
” and “
Exchange Controls
”.

You may be
subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains.

In certain circumstances,
capital gains arising on the sale of the underlying equity shares are subject to Indian capital gains tax. Investors are advised to consult
their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning ADSs or underlying equity shares. See also
“
Taxation—Indian Tax
”.

There may be
less company information available in Indian securities markets than in securities markets in the United States.

There is a difference between India
and the United States in the level of regulation and monitoring of the securities markets and the activities of investors, brokers and
other market participants. The Securities and Exchange Board of India is responsible for improving disclosure and regulating insider
trading and other matters for the Indian securities markets. There may however, be less publicly available information about Indian companies
than is regularly made available by public companies in the United States.

47

Table of Contents

MAJOR
SHAREHOLDERS

Shareholding Structure and Relationship
with Government of India

The following table
sets forth, at June 30, 2024, certain information regarding the ownership of our equity shares.

Percentage of Total Equity Shares Outstanding   Number of Equity Shares Held
Government Controlled Shareholders:
Life Insurance Corporation of India   5.8   410,885,932
Other Government-controlled institutions, insurance companies, reinsurers, corporations and banks   0.6   41,585,606
Total government-controlled shareholders   6.4   452,471,538
Other Indian Investors:
SBI Mutual Fund   5.4   379,401,745
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   3.6   253,396,803
HDFC Mutual Fund   2.9   205,016,550
National Pension Scheme Trust   2.1   148,046,743
UTI Mutual Fund   1.9   134,663,700
Nippon Life India Mutual Fund   1.5   107,198,943
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited   1.2   83,348,909
Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund   1.1   79,130,573
Other mutual funds and alternative investment funds   7.6   535,825,012
Private sector insurance companies other than SBI Life Insurance Company   2.2   155,117,026
Other private sector corporations and financial institutions   1.2   84,280,806
Investor education protection fund   0.1   8,869,948
Individual domestic investors (1),(2)   6.1   430,185,778
Total other Indian investors   36.9   2,604,482,536
Total Indian investors   43.4   3,056,954,074
Foreign investors:
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as depositary for American Depositary Shares (ADS) holders   19.5   1,372,728,095
Government of Singapore   2.3   163,236,709
Government Pension Fund Global   1.2   85,611,989
Other foreign institutional investors, foreign banks, overseas corporate bodies, foreign companies, foreign nationals, foreign institutional investors and non-resident Indians (2)   33.5   2,357,657,529
Total foreign investors   56.6   3,979,234,322
Total   100.0   7,036,188,396

(1)   Executive
                                            officers and directors (including non-executive directors) as a group held about 0.02% of
                                            ICICI Bank’s equity shares at June 30, 2024.

(2)   No
                                            single shareholder in this group owned 1.0% or more of ICICI Bank’s equity shares at
                                            June 30, 2024.

48

Table of Contents

The holding of
government-controlled shareholders was 6.4% at June 30, 2024 against 6.9% at June 30, 2023 and 7.6% at June 30, 2022. The holding of
Life Insurance Corporation of India was 5.8% at June 30, 2024 against 6.1% at June 30, 2023 and 6.7% at June 30, 2022.

We operate as an
autonomous commercial enterprise and the Indian government has never directly held any of our shares. We are not aware of or a party
to any shareholders’ agreement or voting trust relating to the ownership of the shares held by the government-controlled shareholders.
We do not have any agreement with our government-controlled shareholders regarding management control, voting rights, anti-dilution or
any other matter. Our Articles of Association include a provision for the government of India to appoint, pursuant to the provisions
of guarantee agreements between the government of India and ICICI, a representative to our Board. At present, there is no representative
of the government of India on our Board. At June 30, 2024, we do not have government guaranteed borrowings outstanding. See also
“Management—Directors
and Executive Officers
” for a discussion of the composition of our Board of Directors.

The holding of
other Indian investors was 36.9% at June 30, 2024 against 37.4% at June 30, 2023 and 38.9% at June 30, 2022. The total holding of Indian
investors was 43.4% at June 30, 2024 against 44.3% at June 30, 2023 and 46.5% at June 30, 2022. The holding of foreign investors was
56.6% at June 30, 2024 against 55.7% at June 30, 2023 and 53.5% at June 30, 2022. The Reserve Bank of India, exercising its powers under
the Banking Regulation Act has established a limit of 26% on the voting rights of a single shareholder in a banking company. Deutsche
Bank Trust Company Americas holds the equity shares represented by about 686 million American Depositary Receipts outstanding as depositary
on behalf of the holders of the American Depositary Shares (ADS). The ADS are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The Deutsche Bank
Trust Company Americas (as depositary) which held 19.5% of our equity shares at June 30, 2024, must vote these shares as directed by
our Board of Directors. Our ADS holders themselves have no voting rights unlike holders of our equity shares who have voting rights.
Except as stated above, no shareholder has differential voting rights. See also
“Supervision and Regulation—Structural
Reforms— Amendments to the Banking Regulation Act
” and “
Supervision and Regulation—Ownership and Voting
Restrictions
”.

49

Table of Contents

Related
Party Transactions

In fiscal 2024, we entered into transactions
with related parties consisting of (i) associates/other related entities and (ii) key management personnel and their close family members.

Related Parties

Associates/Other Related
Entities

For fiscal 2024,
the following parties were identified as our associates/other related entities: ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
1
,
Arteria Technologies Private Limited, India Advantage Fund-III, India Advantage Fund-IV, India Infradebt Limited, ICICI Merchant Services
Private Limited, I-Process Services (India) Private Limited
2
, NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited,
Comm Trade Services Limited, ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth and Cheryl Advisory Private Limited.

1.   ICICI
                                            Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary
                                            of the Bank effective February 29, 2024.

2.   I-Process
                                            Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the
                                            Bank effective March 20, 2024 and subsequently became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank
                                            effective March 22, 2024.

Key Management Personnel
and their Close Family Members

Our key management
personnel include our executive directors. The following individuals were our key management personnel in fiscal 2024: Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi,
Mr. Anup Bagchi (up to April 30, 2023), Mr. Sandeep Batra, Mr. Rakesh Jha and Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta (w.e.f. March 15, 2024). The close
family members of the above key management personnel are also our related parties. Close family members in relation to the executive
directors mean their spouses, children, children’s spouses, grandchildren, grandchildren’s spouses, siblings, sibling’s
spouses, parents, maternal grandparents, paternal grandparents and members of a hindu undivided family. We have applied the Indian GAAP
standard and Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 in determining the close family members of the executive directors.

Related Party Transactions

The following are
the material transactions between us and our associates/other related entities or our key management personnel or their close family
members.

For additional
details, see also “
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Loans
” and note 2 -
“
Related Party Transactions
” of Schedule 18 to the consolidated financial statements included herein.

Insurance Services

During fiscal 2024,
we received insurance premiums from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 49 million, from our key management personnel
of the Bank amounting to Rs. 0.3 million and from the close family members of our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 0.4 million.
The premiums received were towards cover for life insurance, group term insurance and investment linked insurance plans. The material
transactions during fiscal 2024 included Rs. 47 million of premium received from ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

50

Table of Contents

During fiscal 2024,
we paid insurance premiums amounting to Rs. 3.3 billion to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. The premiums paid covered
health insurance, personal accident and miscellaneous items.

During fiscal 2024,
we paid claims including maturity, annuity and policy surrender value to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 44 million
and to our key management personnel of the Bank amounting to Rs. 0.5 million. The material transactions during fiscal 2024 included Rs.
43 million paid to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

During fiscal 2024,
we received claims towards health, personal accident, fire, motor and other miscellaneous items amounting to Rs. 40 million from ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Income from services
rendered

During fiscal
2024, we earned income from services rendered to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 1.6 billion, from key
management personnel of the Bank amounting to Rs. 0.6 million and from the close family members of our key management personnel
amounting to Rs. 0.2 million. The income primarily related to marketing and promotion fee, sponsorship and banking service fee,
arranger fees and bank charges. The material transactions during fiscal 2024 included Rs. 1.4 billion of income from services
rendered to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Income from Shared
Services

During
fiscal 2024, we recovered cost towards sharing of premises, corporate infrastructure facilities and technology services from our associates/other
related entities amounting to Rs. 243 million. The material transactions during fiscal 2024 included recovery of Rs. 170 million from
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, recovery of Rs. 37 million from ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth and recovery of
Rs. 27 million from I-Process Services (India) Private Limited.

Expenses
for shared services and other payments

During fiscal 2024,
we paid cost towards sharing of premises, corporate infrastructure facilities and technology services to ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited amounting to Rs. 5 million.

Expenses for services
received

During fiscal 2024,
we paid brokerage, fees and other expenses to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 13.0 billion. These transactions
primarily pertain to availing manpower services for certain activities of the Bank and expenses towards providing basic banking services.
The material transactions during fiscal 2024 included Rs. 10.9 billion in expenses for services paid to I-Process Services (India) Private
Limited and Rs. 2.1 billion in expenses for services paid to ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited.

Investments in Securities
Issued by Related Parties

During fiscal 2024,
we invested Rs. 20.9 billion in securities issued by India Infradebt Limited.

51

Table of Contents

Redemption/buyback
of Investments

During fiscal 2024,
we received Rs. 2.5 billion from India Infradebt Limited on account of redemption of bonds.

Purchase of Investments

During fiscal 2024,
we purchased securities of Rs. 3.9 billion from ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. Purchase of securities included government
securities and corporate bonds/debentures in secondary market.

Interest Expenses

During fiscal 2024,
we paid interest on bond borrowings and deposits accepted to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 194 million, to our
key management personnel amounting to Rs. 14 million and to the close family members of our key management personnel amounting to Rs.
10 million. The material transactions during fiscal 2024 included Rs. 117 million of interest paid to ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited and Rs. 18 million of interest paid to ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited.

Interest Earned

During fiscal 2024,
we received interest on investments in bonds and loans from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 379 million and from
our key management personnel amounting to Rs. 1 million. The material transaction during fiscal 2024 included Rs. 366 million of interest
received from India Infradebt Limited.

Purchase of Fixed assets

During fiscal 2024,
we purchased fixed assets from Arteria Technologies Private Limited amounting to Rs. 2 million.

Dividend Income

During fiscal 2024,
we received dividend income from our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 2.6 billion. The material transaction during
fiscal 2024 was Rs. 2.5 billion of dividend received from ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Gain/(loss)
on Foreign Exchange and Derivative Transactions (Net)

During fiscal 2024,
we earned income on foreign exchange and derivative transactions from ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited amounting to Rs.
62 million.

CSR related
reimbursement of expenses

During fiscal 2024,
we reimbursed expenses to ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth amounting to Rs. 5.2 billion for corporate social responsibility related
activities.

Dividend
Paid

During
fiscal 2024, we paid dividends to our key management personnel, amounting to Rs. 4 million and to the close family members of our key
management personnel, amounting to Rs. 0.9 million. Dividends paid to Mr. Sandeep Bakshi was Rs. 2 million, to Mr. Sandeep Batra was
Rs. 1 million, to Mr. Rakesh Jha was Rs. 1 million and to Mr. Shivam Bakhshi was Rs. 0.3 million.

52

Table of Contents

Value of ESOPs exercised

During fiscal 2024,
our key management personnel exercised ESOPs amounting to Rs. 86 million. The value of ESOPs exercised during fiscal 2024 by Mr. Rakesh
Jha was Rs. 39 million, by Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi was Rs. 34 million and by Mr. Sandeep Batra was Rs. 13 million.

Sale of Investments

During fiscal 2024,
we sold securities to our associates/other related entities amounting to Rs. 23.8 billion. The material transactions during fiscal 2024
included Rs. 16.2 billion of securities sold to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Rs. 7.6 billion of securities sold
to India Infradebt Limited. Sale of securities included government securities and corporate bonds/debentures in secondary market.

Donations Given

During fiscal 2024,
we gave donations to ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth amounting to Rs. 712 million.

Volume
of fixed deposits accepted

During
fiscal 2024, the volume of fixed deposits accepted from our associates/other related entities amounted to Rs. 11.7 billion, from our
key management personnel amounted to Rs. 85 million and from the close family members of our key management personnel amounted to Rs.
31 million. The material transactions during fiscal 2024 were Rs. 6.0 billion of fixed deposits accepted from I-Process Services (India)
Private Limited and Rs. 5.3 billion of fixed deposits accepted from ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited.

Forex/swaps/derivatives
and forwards transactions entered (notional value)

During
fiscal 2024, we entered into forex/swaps/derivatives and forwards transactions with our associates/other related entities amounting to
Rs. 6.9 billion. The material transaction during fiscal 2024 was Rs. 6.3 billion with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Guarantees/letters
of credit given by the Group

During fiscal 2024, we gave guarantees to NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited amounting to Rs. 0.1 million. The Bank has, from time to time, issued various letters of comfort on behalf of its subsidiaries and branches, in favour of regulatory authorities. The letters of comfort, inter alia, include undertakings to infuse capital to meet regulatory solvency requirements and/or business requirements and/or liabilities of subsidiaries/overseas branches. The Bank ensures compliance with the applicable laws and regulations on the prudential norms for issuance of letters of comfort by banks regarding their subsidiaries.

Related Party Balances

The following table
sets forth, at the date indicated, our balance payable to/receivable from our associates/other related entities:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2024
(in million)
Deposits from related parties held by us   Rs.   2,023
Payables to related parties   3,158
Our investments in related parties   11,737
Investments of related parties in the Group   —
Loans and advances to related parties (2)   123
Receivables from related parties   239
Guarantees issued by us for related parties   60

53

Table of Contents

The following table
sets forth, at the date indicated, the balance payable to/receivable from the key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2024
(in million)
Deposits from key management personnel   Rs.   351
Payables to key management personnel   0.2
Investments in our shares held by key management personnel   3
Loans and advances to key management personnel (3)   69

The following table
sets forth, at the date indicated, the balance payable to/receivable from the close family members of key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2024
(in million)
Deposits from close family members of key management personnel   Rs.   144
Payables to close family members of key management personnel   1
Investments in our shares held by close family members of key management personnel   6
Loans and advances to close family members of key management personnel (2)   1
Receivables from close family members of key management personnel (1)   0

The following table
sets forth, for the period indicated, the maximum balance payable to/receivable from the key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2024
(in million)
Deposits from key management personnel   Rs.   351
Payables to key management personnel   2
Investments in our shares held by key management personnel   3
Loans and advances to key management personnel (3)   86

The following table
sets forth, for the period indicated, the maximum balance payable to/receivable from the close family members of key management personnel:

Items   At year-end fiscal 2024
(in million)
Deposits from close family members of key management personnel   Rs.   144
Payables to close family members of key management personnel   1
Investments in our shares held by close family members of key management personnel   6
Loans and advances to close family members of key management personnel (2)   3
Receivables from close family members of key management personnel (1)   0

(1)   Insignificant
                                            amount.

(2)   The
                                            loans and advances (a) were made in the ordinary course of business, (b) were made on substantially
                                            the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time
                                            for comparable transactions with other persons, and (c) did not involve more than the normal
                                            risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features.

(3)   The
                                            loans and advances (a) were made in the ordinary course of business and were made on substantially
                                            the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time
                                            for comparable transactions with other persons or (b) were made on the same terms, including
                                            interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for other employees as part
                                            of employee loan scheme, and (c) did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability
                                            or present other unfavorable features.

54

Table of Contents

Joint Ventures and Affiliates

From fiscal 2008,
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited and NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited were accounted as equity
affiliates in consolidated financial statements. From fiscal 2024, I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an equity
affiliate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective March 20, 2024 and subsequently became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank
effective March 22, 2024.

From fiscal 2010,
ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited was accounted as an equity affiliate in the consolidated financial statements.

From fiscal 2013,
India Infradebt Limited was accounted as an equity affiliate. From fiscal 2015, India Advantage Fund-III and India Advantage Fund-IV
were accounted as equity affiliates. From fiscal 2019, Arteria Technologies Private Limited was accounted as an equity affiliate.

From April 1, 2021,
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be a subsidiary and was accounted as an equity affiliate. From fiscal 2024,
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an equity affiliate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective February
29, 2024.

55

Table of Contents

Business

Overview

We are a diversified
financial services group offering a wide range of banking and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety
of delivery channels. Apart from banking products and services, we offer life and general insurance, asset management, securities broking,
and private equity products and services through our specialized subsidiaries. Our consolidated total assets at year-end fiscal 2024
was Rs. 23,640.6 billion. Our consolidated capital and reserves and surplus including employees’ stock options outstanding at year-end
fiscal 2024 was Rs. 2,561.4 billion and our consolidated net profit (after minority interest) for fiscal 2024 was Rs. 442.6 billion.

Our primary business
consists of commercial banking operations for retail and corporate customers. Our commercial banking operations for retail customers
consist of retail lending, deposit taking, distribution of insurance and investment products and other fee-based products and services.
We provide a range of commercial banking products and services, including loan products, fee and commission-based products and services,
deposit products and foreign exchange and derivatives products to large corporations, middle market companies and small and medium enterprises.
We also offer agricultural and rural banking products. We earn interest and fee income from our commercial banking operations. We deliver
our products and services through a variety of channels, including bank branches, ATMs, call centers, internet and mobile phones. We
had a network of 6,523 branches and 17,190 ATMs and cash recycler machines in India at year-end fiscal 2024.

Our international
franchise focuses on four strategic pillars, namely the (a) non-resident Indian ecosystem comprising deposits, remittances, investments
and asset products; (b) multinational corporation ecosystem comprising foreign multinational companies investing in India, Indian companies
present in overseas markets, and back-offices of multinational companies located in India; (c) trade ecosystem, comprising primarily
India-linked trade transactions; and (d) funds ecosystem, to capture foreign investment flows into India . At year-end fiscal 2024, we
had banking subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Canada, branches in the United States (New York), Dubai International Finance Centre,
Bahrain, Hong Kong, Singapore, China, Offshore Banking Unit located in the Santacruz Electronic Exports Promotion Zone, Mumbai and IFSC
Banking Unit, Gandhinagar, Gujarat. At year-end fiscal 2024, we had representative offices in the United Arab Emirates (Dubai, Abu Dhabi
and Sharjah), the United States (Texas and California), Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Indonesia. Our subsidiary in the United
Kingdom has a branch in Germany. See also “
Risk factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The exposures of our international
branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
”.

Our treasury operations
include the maintenance and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign
exchange and derivatives products and services for corporate customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps.

We are also engaged
in insurance, asset management, securities broking business and private equity fund management through specialized subsidiaries. Our
subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company and ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company, provide a wide range of life insurance, general insurance and asset management products respectively.

56

Table of Contents

The Bank’s
holding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited was 48.0% at March 31, 2023. In May 2023, the board of directors of ICICI
Bank Limited approved acquisition of up to 4.0% of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's shareholding, to make it a subsidiary
of the Bank, subject to regulatory approvals. During fiscal 2024, the Bank increased its shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company to over 50.0%. Consequently, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an affiliate and became a subsidiary
of the Bank with effective from February 29, 2024. Our subsidiary ICICI Securities Limited is engaged in equities underwriting, securities
broking and distribution of financial products. Our subsidiary ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited is engaged in underwriting
and primary dealership of government securities. Our private equity fund management subsidiary ICICI Venture, manages funds that make
private equity investments. In June 2023, the Board of Directors of the Bank and its broking subsidiary, ICICI Securities approved a
scheme for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities, by issuing equity shares of the Bank to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities
(in the swap ratio of 67:100), in lieu of cancellation of their equity shares in ICICI Securities, thereby making ICICI Securities a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, under Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021. Pursuant to receipt
of requisite regulatory approvals and the orders of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunals,  meetings of the equity shareholders
of the Bank and ICICI Securities were held on March 27, 2024, wherein the proposed scheme was approved by the requisite majority of shareholders.
Certain shareholders of ICICI Securities have filed objections to the scheme and the scheme is currently pending for approval of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunals.

Our legal name
is ICICI Bank Limited, but we are known commercially as ICICI Bank. We were incorporated on January 5, 1994 under the laws of India as
a limited liability corporation. The duration of ICICI Bank is unlimited. Our principal corporate office is located at ICICI Bank Towers,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400 051, India, our telephone number is +91 22 2653 6173 and our website address is
www.icicibank.com
.
None of the contents of our and our subsidiaries’ websites are incorporated in this annual report. Our agent for service of process
in the United States is Mr. Akshay Chaturvedi, Country Head, ICICI Bank Limited, New York Branch, 575 Fifth Avenue, 26
th
 floor,
Suite 2600, New York, New York 10017.

History

ICICI was formed
in 1955 at the initiative of the World Bank, the Government of India and Indian industry representatives. The principal objective was
to create a development financial institution for providing medium-term and long-term project financing to Indian businesses. Until the
late 1980s, ICICI primarily focused its activities on project finance, providing long-term funds to a variety of industrial projects.
With the liberalization of the financial sector in India in the 1990s, ICICI transformed its business from a development financial institution
offering only project finance to a diversified financial services provider that, along with its subsidiaries and other group companies,
offered a wide variety of products and services. ICICI Bank was incorporated in 1994 as a part of the ICICI group. ICICI and ICICI Bank
merged in 2002.

Strategy

In fiscal 2024,
we maintained our strategic focus on profitable growth in business within the guardrails of risk and compliance. We grew our credit portfolio
with a focus on granularity and saw healthy growth across our retail and business banking and wholesale portfolios. We continued to focus
on holistically serving our clients and their ecosystems. We sought to maintain and enhance our liability franchise. We focused on maintaining
a strong balance sheet, with sufficient liquidity, prudent provisioning and healthy capital adequacy. Our capital adequacy ratios at
March 31, 2024 were significantly above regulatory requirements.

Going forward,
we will continue with our strategic focus on growing the profit before tax excluding treasury (calculated as Profit before tax less Income from treasury-related activities, both reported separately in Operating Results Data). Our Risk Appetite and Enterprise
Risk Management framework sets out our risk appetite, including a limit framework for various risk categories. The Bank has
emphasized strengthening its operational resilience to facilitate the seamless delivery of services to customers. We will focus on
growing our loan portfolio in a granular manner based on risk and reward, with focus on return of capital and containment of
provisions within targeted levels. We have no specific targets for loan mix or segment-wise loan growth. We will aim to continue to
grow our deposit franchise, maintain a stable and healthy funding profile and our competitive advantage in cost of funds.

57

Table of Contents

We see significant
opportunities for profitable growth across various sectors of the Indian economy.

The key elements
of our strategy to maximize our share of these opportunities are:

360-degree customer
centric approach

Customer-centricity
is a key element underpinning our strategy to grow our business. The approach begins with developing a deep understanding of our customers’
needs, expectations and experiences. The approach is to take the entire bank to the customer and offer solutions that suit their life-stage
and business needs both current and future. We plan to continue to focus on maximizing the total life-cycle value of the relationship
with the customer. We leverage our branch network, digital channels, partnerships and presence across various ecosystems to grow our
business.

Focus on ecosystems

We aim to serve
all financial requirements of customers and their ecosystems. Using ICICI STACK for Corporates, we offer customized solutions to corporates
and their network of employees, vendors, dealers and other parts of their ecosystems. We focus on capturing the fund flows in the corporate’s
supply chain with dealers and vendors by offering various digital solutions. Our ecosystem branches house multi-functional teams required
to grow customer relationships and bring the entire bouquet of services of the Bank to clients and their ecosystems. Our “Merchant
Stack” provides a wide range of banking and value added services to the merchant ecosystem comprising retailers, online businesses
and large e-commerce firms.

Focus on micro
markets

The Bank follows
a micro-market-based approach to create an efficient distribution and resource allocation strategy. Our data analytics capabilities enable
us to analyze relevant geographical, demographic and economic data combined with internal data to identify locally relevant opportunities.
This also includes allocating appropriate resources and strengthening the branch network where required.

Internal cross-functional
collaboration and external partnerships

The Bank has focused
on increasing collaboration to provide solutions that meet the complete banking requirements of customers. Cross-functional teams have
been created to tap into various ecosystems, enabling 360-degree coverage of customers and increasing wallet share.

Partnerships with
technology companies and platforms with large customer bases and transaction volumes offer unique opportunities for acquiring new customers
and enhancing service delivery and customer experience. We have also set up a start-up investment and partnerships team to collaborate
with and invest in fintech startups and co-develop products aligned with our digital roadmap.

Process decongestion
and operating flexibility

Our strategy emphasizes
decongestion of internal process to make customer onboarding and service delivery frictionless, thereby improving the customer experience.
We have reduced the layers of management in our organization structure and empowered operating teams, to create flexibility and agility
in capturing business opportunities while operating within the guardrails of compliance and risk. Simplifying our internal processes
to better serve our customers and improve our operating efficiency is a key area of focus.

58

Table of Contents

Leveraging technology
and digital across businesses

Our technology
strategy focuses on creating an enterprise architecture framework across digital platforms, data and analytics, micro services based
architecture, cloud computing, cognitive intelligence and other emerging technologies. This is based on the key pillars of scalability,
resilience and security, and creating positive customer experiences to enable sustainable profitable growth.

We extensively
leverage data analytics for deeper insights into customer needs and behavior and create unique propositions for customer and market segments.
We have taken a number of initiatives to offer a convenient and frictionless experience to customers by digitizing processes. We will
continue to enhance our cyber security and invest in upgrading and strengthening the technology infrastructure to maintain a secure banking
environment for customers.

Risk and compliance
culture

The Bank recognizes
the importance of establishing an effective framework and supporting processes so that all employees seek to exhibit desired behaviours
aligned to the Risk and Compliance Culture Policy. The Bank aims to uphold a strong risk and compliance culture throughout the Bank.
The Risk and Compliance Culture Policy establishes the risk and compliance culture guiding principles and the framework for implementation
of the same. The Bank has identified five guiding principles for risk and compliance culture across the organization:

i)   Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank,

ii)   One Bank, One Team,

iii)   Return of Capital is Paramount,

iv)   Agile Risk Management, and

v)   Compliance with Conscience.

The effective implementation
of the policy includes a governance framework with roles and responsibilities of the Board, Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer
and Executive Directors and the Risk and Compliance Culture Council.

We are focused
on the principles of “Return of Capital is Paramount” emphasizing the need to conserve capital as paramount, “One Bank,
One Team” emphasizing the need to maximize our share of the target opportunity across all products and services, and the principle
of “Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank” emphasizing the goal of delivering fair value to customers, while creating value for
shareholders. The Bank-level profit before tax and excluding treasury is the key performance indicator for the Bank. We seek to sell
products and offer services which meet societal needs and are in the interest of our customers. We focus on building a culture where
every employee upholds this principle and serves customers with humility. We aim to be the trusted financial services provider of choice
for our customers.

Overview of Our Products and Services

Commercial Banking for Retail Customers

Our commercial
banking operations for retail customers consist of retail lending and deposits, and fee based products and services like credit, debit
and prepaid cards, depositary share accounts and distribution of third party investment and insurance products.

59

Table of Contents

Retail Lending Activities

Our retail lending
activities include home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, personal loans, credit cards, consumer durable goods financing,
loans against time deposits and loans against securities. We also fund dealers who sell automobiles and commercial vehicles.

Our suite of products
and services for retail customers includes savings, investment, credit and protection products, along with payment and transaction banking
services. Our retail portfolio consists largely of secured lending, with growth based on proprietary data and analytics in addition to
credit bureau checks. Our deposit franchise enables us to offer competitive pricing. We also leverage our existing customer database
for sale of key retail asset products through cross-sell and up-sell. Our underwriting process involves a combination of key variables
to assess the cash flow and repayment ability of the customer like income, leverage, customer profile, quality markers, credit bureau
data and demographics. We utilize multiple data points including liability and asset relationships, transaction behavior and bureau behavior
along with proprietary machine learning and statistical models for making credit decisions.

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, the breakdown of the Group’s gross retail finance portfolio.

At March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024
(Rs. in billions)   (% share)   (US$ in millions)
Home loans   Rs.   3,782.8   Rs.   4,264.1   59.7%   US$   51,165
Automobile loans   499.8   595.8   8.4   7,148
Commercial business loans (1)   278.6   316.8   4.4   3,802
Others (2)   151.9   234.5   3.3   2,813
Total secured retail finance portfolio   4,713.1   5,411.2   75.8   64,928
Personal loans   883.2   1,169.7   16.4   14,035
Credit card receivables   384.2   523.0   7.3   6,276
Others (3)   34.9   33.5   0.5   402
Total unsecured retail finance portfolio   1,302.3   1,726.2   24.2   20,713
Total retail finance portfolio   Rs.   6,015.4   Rs.   7,137.4   100%   US$   85,641

(1)   Includes
                                            commercial vehicles, construction equipment and health care equipments.

(2)   Includes
                                            two-wheeler loans, loan against securities and dealer financing.

(3)   Primarily
                                            includes dealer financing.

Home Loans

Our home loan portfolio
includes loans for purchase and construction of homes and by mortgaging residential or commercial properties. We also offer instant top-up
on home loans to existing home loan customers. Our policies for home loans are based on certain stipulated ratios such as the loan-to-value
ratio and the ratio of fixed debt obligations to a borrower’s income. The initial repayment term of home loans is 15 to 20 years
with payments in the form of equal monthly installments. The credit process includes a cashflow assessment of the borrower as well as
evaluating the property being mortgaged against the legal and technical standards defined at the Bank.

We follow robust
credit appraisal processes for loan-against-property. The average loan-to-value ratios of the loan-against-property portfolio are lower
compared to our home loan portfolio. Lending is based on cash flows of borrowers and not just the value of the collateral. We also provide
loans to customers belonging to economically weaker sections and customers buying homes in the low-cost affordable housing segment. Our
initiatives to digitize the entire underwriting process with instant approvals have been one of the drivers of growth in our home loan
portfolio. See also
“Technology”
 and
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking
and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our
net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio
and our financial performance”.

60

Table of Contents

Our home loans
primarily have floating interest rates linked to the repo rate of the Reserve Bank of India. Home loans are repaid in equated monthly
installments over the tenor of the loan. An increase in the repo rate will increase the interest rate on home loans and a decrease in
the repo rate will decrease the interest rate on home loans. When interest rates on home loans increase, the tenor of the loan is extended
and in instances where this is not possible, the equated monthly installments of the loan are increased. Borrowers are given options
to increase their installments instead of tenure. When interest rates on home loans decrease, the tenor of the loan is reduced leaving
the equated monthly installments unchanged, unless borrowers opt to reduce the installment amount.
See also “Risk factors
—
Our
banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect
our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio
and our financial performance”.

We offer home loan
products primarily in India through ICICI Bank and our wholly owned subsidiary, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited. The loan portfolio
of our housing finance subsidiary includes home loans, loans-against-property and loans to developers among others. The loan portfolio
of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited increased by 29% from Rs. 171.5 billion at March 31, 2023 to Rs. 221.3 billion at March 31, 2024.
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited raises funds through term loans from banks, bonds and debentures, commercial papers, fixed deposits
and refinance from National Housing Bank. At March 31, 2024, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited had a branch network of 216 branches.

Our banking subsidiary
in Canada offers residential mortgages in the local market. ICICI Bank Canada held total residential mortgages amounting to CAD 3,607
million (Rs. 221.2 billion) at year-end fiscal 2024 as compared to CAD 3,741 million (Rs. 227.2 billion) at year-end fiscal 2023. This
includes mortgages of CAD 2,184 million (Rs. 133.8 billion) at year-end fiscal 2024 as compared to CAD 2,336 million (Rs. 141.7 billion)
at year-end fiscal 2023 securitized under the Canadian National Housing Act —Mortgage Backed Securities program or through participation
in the Canada Mortgage Bonds program. Further, the total residential mortgages also include conventional mortgages of CAD 1,383 million
(Rs. 85.0 billion) at year-end fiscal 2024 as compared to CAD 1,353 million (Rs. 82.3 billion) at year-end fiscal 2023 and insured mortgages
of CAD 40 million (Rs. 2.4 billion) at year-end fiscal 2024 as compared to CAD 52 million (Rs. 3.2 billion) at year-end fiscal 2023.

Automobile loans

We finance the
purchase of new and used automobiles. Automobile loans are fixed rate products repayable in equated monthly installments. The interest
rate is based on factors such as bureau score, customer relationship, car segment and tenure of loan, among others, for new automobiles
and asset age car segment coupled with product variant like top-up or refinance, for used automobiles.

Commercial business loans

We finance the
purchase of commercial vehicles and equipment. Commercial business loans are fixed rate products repayable in equated monthly installments.
Our commercial business customers include individuals to large fleet operators, contractors, hirers, as well as captive customers.

61

Table of Contents

Personal loans and credit cards

We also offer unsecured
products such as personal loans and credit cards to our customers. Personal loans and credit card receivables have fixed interest rates.
We offer a range of instant personal loans and credit cards that are accessible entirely through our digital channels.

Retail Deposits

Our retail deposit
products include time deposits and savings account deposits. We offer these products and 360 degree solutions across life stages—
minor, student, professionals, senior citizen—and to specific customer segments such as high net worth individuals, defense personnel,
trusts, start-ups and business owners. We offer seamless account opening and activation through enhanced system-driven validations to
our customers. We also offer corporate salary account and current account (i.e., checking accounts for businesses) to our large, medium
and small enterprise customers. At year-end fiscal 2024, we had a debit card base of approximately 32 million cards compared to 33 million
cards at year-end fiscal 2023. The decline was due to closure of dormant and inactive accounts during fiscal 2024.

Fee-Based Products and Services

Through our distribution
network, we offer various products including Government of India savings bonds, sovereign gold bonds, insurance policies, mutual funds,
bullion and public offerings of equity shares and debt securities by Indian companies. We offer several card-based products such as credit
cards, debit cards, prepaid cards, travel cards and commercial cards. We also offer foreign exchange products to retail customers including
sale of currency notes and travel cards. We also facilitate retail inward remittances from foreign geographies.

As a depositary
participant of the National Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited, we offer depositary services
by opening “demat” accounts to settle securities transactions in a dematerialized mode. Further, we are one of the banks
designated by the Reserve Bank of India for issuing approvals to non-resident Indians and overseas corporate bodies to trade in shares
and convertible debentures on the Indian stock exchanges and operating their banking and custody accounts.

Retail
lending for rural customers

The Bank’s
rural banking operations aim to meet the financial requirements of customers in rural and semi-urban locations. Our products in this
segment include working capital loans for growing crops, financing of post-harvest activities, loans against gold jewellery along with
personal loans, financing against warehouse receipts, farm equipment loans and affordable housing finance and auto and two-wheeler loans.
We also provide consumption loans for low-income customers. We offer financial solutions to micro-finance institutions, self-help groups,
co-operatives constituted by farmers, corporations and medium enterprises engaged in agriculture-linked businesses. The rural banking
portfolio of the Bank grew by 17.0% from Rs. 902.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 compared to Rs. 1,055.8 billion at year-end fiscal
2024.

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, the breakdown of the Bank’s gross rural finance portfolio.

At March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024
(in billion)   % share   (US$ in million)
Farmer finance 1   Rs.   252.2   Rs.   288.2   27.3%   US$   3,458
Loans against jewellery   229.8   272.6   25.8   3,271
Rural business credit   231.5   284.1   26.9   3,409
Others 2   188.6   210.9   20.0   2,530
Rural advances   Rs.   902.1   Rs.   1,055.8   100%   US$   1 2,668

1.   Includes kisan credit card

2.   Includes term loans for farm equipment,
self-help groups, loans to microfinance institutions for on-lending to individuals and inventory funding.

62

Table of Contents

Our rural banking
operations primarily focus on four main ecosystems identified in the rural market, which include farmers, dealers and micro-entrepreneurs.

The farmer ecosystem
includes participants such as farmers, seed producers, agri-input dealers, warehouses, agri-equipment dealers, commodity traders and
agri processors. Products offered include working capital loans through the kisan credit card and gold loan products, and term loans
for farm equipment, dairy livestock purchase and farm development. See also
“Selected Statistical Information—Loan Concentration—Directed
Lending”.

The dealer ecosystem
comprises dealers/distributors of farm equipment. The micro-lending space includes women from the lower-income strata of the population,
non-government organizations and other institutions working at the grass-root level in the rural economy.

We have scaled-up
funding of electronic negotiable warehousing receipts, which provides an opportunity for farmers to access credit quickly and with ease.
Farmers can use electronic negotiable warehousing receipts to get loans against underlying commodities. This protects the farmers from
volatility and gives opportunities to avail better prices for their produce. Apart from meeting the financial requirements for business
purposes, we also offer products to meet the personal requirements of customers in the rural ecosystem.

Our reach in rural
areas comprises a network of branches, ATMs and field staff, and business correspondents providing last-mile access in remote areas.
As at year-end fiscal 2024, we had a network of 6,523 branches, of which 50.7% were in rural and semi-urban areas with 650 branches in
villages that were previously unbanked. As at March 31, 2024, we had 4,676 ATMs and cash recycler machines in rural and semi-urban areas.
See also,
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan
portfolios may expose us to increased risks that may adversely affect our business”
. At year-end fiscal 2024, more than 9,900
customer service points were enabled through our business correspondent network.

See also “
Risk
Factors—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—We are subject to the directed lending
requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, which may also involve buying related certificates at a premium to meet the annual targets,
and any shortfall in meeting these requirements may be required to be invested in Government of India schemes that yield low returns,
thereby impacting our profitability. We may also experience a higher level of non-performing assets in our directed lending portfolio,
which could adversely impact the quality of our loan portfolio, our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.”

63

Table of Contents

Commercial
Banking for Small and Medium Enterprises and Business Banking

Our business banking
and small and medium enterprises customers include proprietorship firms, partnership firms and public/private limited companies. We offer
a wide spectrum of banking products and solutions to address their evolving business needs. This involves customized offerings, faster
turnaround time, transaction convenience, timely access to capital and cross-border trade and foreign exchange. Our focus in this segment
is on using digital channels and ensuring granularity, obtaining adequate collateral and robust monitoring. More than 90% of our business
banking portfolio has collateral covering more than 100% of the outstanding value of the loan. The loans are generally secured by collateral
in the form of property apart from a charge on current assets. Our small and medium enterprise portfolio consists of enterprises with
a turnover of up to Rs. 2.5 billion. We offer digital solutions for on-boarding, payments and collections, lending and cross-border transactions.
We focus on providing parameterized and programme-based lending for small and medium enterprises, which is granular, adequately-collateralized
and regularly monitored. The loans are generally secured by collateral in the form of property apart from a charge on current assets.
The small and medium enterprises portfolio of the Bank grew by 24.6% from Rs. 482.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 compared to Rs. 600.95
billion at year-end fiscal 2024. The business banking portfolio grew by 29.3% from Rs. 721.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 compared
to Rs. 932.28 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

We are focused
on growing this portfolio by leveraging our distribution network and through various digital channels and platforms, tapping corporate
ecosystems and ongoing efforts towards process decongestion.

Following the COVID-19
pandemic, we have provided financial assistance to clients based on various Government of India schemes, which includes providing moratorium
on loan repayment and emergency credit lines to eligible small and medium enterprise customers. We had disbursed about Rs. 207.0 billion
to our retail and micro, small and medium enterprises customers under the Government of India’s Emergency Credit Line Guarantee
Scheme until year-end fiscal 2024.

Commercial Banking for Corporate
Customers

Our product suite
for corporate customers caters to all their needs including working capital and term loan products, transaction banking services, fee
and commission-based products and services, deposits and foreign exchange and derivatives products across trade, treasury, bonds, commercial
papers, channel financing, supply chain solutions, and various other activities. We cater to the entire ecosystem of the corporate customer,
also focusing on deepening the Bank’s relationship with employees and sponsors through a suite of retail products like salary,
private and wealth banking, home loans, personal loans, vehicle loans, etc. Our corporate customer base includes top business houses,
large private companies and public sector companies, financial institutions, banks, non-bank finance companies, private equity funds,
real estate companies and capital market and custody participants. We have established relationships with multinational companies operating
in India, and financial sponsors, including private equity funds and their investee companies. We offer transaction banking services
to corporates to meet the day-to-day needs for smooth functioning of their businesses. The transaction banking services offered include
account related services, payment and collection services, domestic and cross border trade finance, working capital finance and supply
chain finance. We offer integrated cash management and trade finance solutions to our customers. Our transaction banking solutions are
delivered to our customers through physical and digital channels and a team of account managers. In addition to leveraging our physical
branch network, we have expanded our capabilities for providing transaction banking services to our customers from 226 locations at year-end
fiscal 2023 to 261 locations at year-end fiscal 2024. Many of these expanded branch capabilities are in the factory/township premises
of certain large conglomerates in the country.

64

Table of Contents

Corporate Loan Portfolio

Our corporate loan
portfolio consists of term loan products and working capital financing in the form of cash credit facilities, overdraft, demand loans
and non-fund based facilities including bill discounting, letters of credit and guarantees. The domestic corporate portfolio of the Bank
grew by 9.2% from Rs. 2,298.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 compared to Rs. 2,509.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. For further details
on our loan portfolio, see “
Selected Statistical Information—Loan Concentration
”. For a description of our credit
rating and approval system, see “
—Risk Management—Credit Risk
”.

We also provide
financing by way of investment in marketable instruments such as fixed rate and floating rate debentures. We generally have a security
interest on the fixed assets of the borrower although some of our financing is also extended on an unsecured basis.

Fee and Commission-Based
Activities

We generate fee
income through our lending, transaction banking, syndication and foreign exchange related solutions provided to our corporate customers.
We also offer our corporate customers a wide variety of fee and commission-based products and services including documentary credits,
standby letters of credit (called guarantees in India), collection and payment of export/import bills and cash management services, including
collection, payment and remittance services.

Further, we are
one of the banks designated by the Reserve Bank of India for issuing approvals to non-resident Indians and overseas corporate bodies
to trade in shares and convertible debentures on the Indian stock exchanges and operating their banking and custody accounts. We also
offer services such as escrow, trust and retention account facilities, online payment facilities, custodial services and tax filing and
collection services on behalf of the Government of India and the governments of Indian states.

At year-end fiscal
2024, total assets held in custody on behalf of our clients (mainly foreign institutional investors, offshore funds, overseas corporate
bodies and depositary banks for Global Depository Receipts (“GDR”) investors were Rs. 28,512.8 billion. As a registered depositary
participant of National Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited, the two securities depositaries
operating in India, we also provide electronic depositary facilities to investors.

Corporate Deposits

We offer a variety
of deposit products to our corporate customers including current accounts, time deposits and certificates of deposits. For more information
on the type, cost and maturity profile of our deposits, see
“Selected Statistical Information—Funding”
.

Foreign Exchange
and Derivatives

We provide customer
specific products and services, which cater to risk hedging needs of corporations at domestic and international locations, arising out
of currency and interest rate fluctuations.

The products and
services include:

·   Foreign
                                            Exchange Products

Products include
cash, tom, spot and forwards transactions. We offer customized hedging and trading solutions to clients, on the basis of their business
needs. These products are offered in India and across our international locations.

65

Table of Contents

·   Derivatives

We offer derivative
products including interest rate swaps, currency swaps and options in all major currencies.

Commercial Banking for Government
and Institutions

We provide a range
of banking services including customized products and services for enhancing e-governance and financial management to government departments
and bodies across various levels such as central, state, district and local bodies which include municipalities and gram panchayats.
We assist the government for collection of central taxes, state taxes and goods and services tax payments through authorized branches
and digital channels. Our integrated banking platforms provide simple online tax payment options to customers. Statutory payments like
Employees’ Provident Fund Organization and Employees’ State Insurance Corporation dues can be done online through our platforms.
These efforts also result in deposit balances for the Bank.

We have on-boarded
a number of central and state government departments to ensure quick disbursement of funds and benefits to beneficiaries and implementing
agencies through the Public Financial Management System of the Government of India. We are also assisting state level nodal agencies
and last mile implementing agencies for adopting efficient release of Government of India scheme funds.

We also provide
financial services to other institutions, including educational institutions, hospitals and cooperative societies, among others and offer
a range of technology driven collections and payment solutions.

Commercial Banking for International
Customers

Our international
franchise focuses on four strategic pillars, namely the (1) non-resident Indian ecosystem comprising deposits, remittances, investments
and asset products; (2) multinational corporation ecosystem comprising foreign multinational companies investing in India, Indian companies
present in overseas markets, and back-offices of multinational companies located in India; (3) trade ecosystem, comprising primarily
India-linked trade transactions; and (4) funds ecosystem, to capture foreign investment flows into India. Further, our overseas banking
subsidiaries continue to serve local markets selectively with a focus on risk mitigation and granularity of business.

Many of the products
that we offer through our overseas branches and subsidiaries, as well as to international customers from our domestic network, such as
debt financing, trade finance and letters of credit, are similar to the products offered to our customers in India.

Total assets (net
of inter-office balances) of ICICI Bank’s overseas branches at year-end fiscal 2024 were Rs. 679.8 billion and total advances were
Rs. 334.5 billion compared to total assets of Rs. 731.9 billion and total advances were Rs. 341.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. The
year-on-year decrease in our overseas branches loan portfolio was primarily due to decline in the India-linked trade finance portfolio.
Our overseas branches are funded by bond issuances, bilateral/syndicated loans from banks, loans from export credit agencies, money market
borrowings, deposits and refinance from banks. The overseas loan portfolio of ICICI Bank was 2.8% of the overall loan portfolio at year-end
fiscal 2024. The corporate fund and non-fund outstanding, net of cash/bank/insurance backed lending, was US$ 3.1 billion at March 31,
2024. Out of US$ 3.1 billion, 91.2% of the outstanding was to Indian corporates and their subsidiaries and joint ventures and 5.7% of
the outstanding was to non-India companies with Indian or India-linked operations and activities and this portfolio is generally well-rated
and the Indian operations of these companies are our target customers for deposit and transaction banking franchise. The Bank will continue
to pursue risk calibrated opportunities in this segment. Out of US$ 3.1 billion, 1.7% of the outstanding was to companies owned by non-resident
Indians/person of Indian origins and 1.4% of the outstanding was to other non-India companies which is less than 0.1% of the total portfolio
of the Bank. The non-India linked corporate portfolio reduced by 10.1% from about US$ 306 million year-on-year to US$ 275 million at
March 31, 2024. See also, “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our funding is primarily short-term and if
depositors do not roll over deposited funds upon maturity, our business could be adversely affected
”.

66

Table of Contents

Our subsidiaries
in the United Kingdom and Canada are full service banks offering retail, business banking, corporate banking and treasury services. These
subsidiaries provide services to their customers through branch banking and robust digital channels, including internet and mobile banking.
Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom is primarily focused on India-linked business and towards meeting the banking needs of the Indian
community in the United Kingdom and Germany. The core services include meeting local banking requirements, remittance services to India,
and facilitating banking requirements in India. Our subsidiary in Canada originates residential mortgages, primarily insured and qualifying
for insurance by either the Canadian federal government agency or insurance companies back-stopped by the Canadian federal government,
and offers loans to both Canadian and US corporations as well as Indian corporations seeking to develop their business overseas.

At year-end fiscal
2024, ICICI Bank UK PLC had seven branches in the United Kingdom and a branch in Germany. At year-end fiscal 2024, the total assets of
ICICI Bank UK PLC were US$ 2.2 billion. ICICI Bank UK PLC made a net profit of US$ 29 million during fiscal 2024, compared to US$ 13
million during fiscal 2023. At year-end fiscal 2024, loans and advances of ICICI Bank UK PLC were US$ 1.0 billion and investments were
US$ 0.7 billion.

At year-end fiscal
2024, ICICI Bank Canada had nine branches and total assets of CAD 5.9 billion. ICICI Bank Canada earned a net profit of CAD 73 million
in fiscal 2024 as compared to a net profit of CAD 46 million in fiscal 2023. At year-end fiscal 2024, net advances (net loans) of ICICI
Bank Canada were CAD 5.2 billion and investments were CAD 0.5 billion.

See also
“Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Financial instability in other countries, particularly
countries where we have established operations, could adversely affect our business” and “Risk Factors—Risks Relating
to Our Business—The exposures of our international branches and banking subsidiaries could generally affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.”

Branch
and ATM network and call centers

We deliver our
products and services through a variety of channels, ranging from traditional bank branches to ATMs, cash recycler machines and call
centers. In addition, our digital channels and platforms have become increasingly important to our customers. See
“Technology”
.
At year-end fiscal 2024, we had a network of 6,523 branches across several Indian states. The branch network serves as an integrated
channel for deposit mobilization and selected retail asset origination. Our focus is to digitize maximum processes and other touch points
for customer experience in order to enhance customer engagement time for solutions. Digital services kiosks are deployed in branches
with higher number of customer visits. This allows customers to use banking services like deposit cheque, get quick account credit, update
passbook, transfer funds instantly to ICICI and other bank customers and more than 60 fully digital other “Do-it-yourself”
services, which help reduce customer wait time.

67

Table of Contents

The following table
sets forth the breakdown of the number of branches by area for the periods indicated.

At
March 31, 2023   At
March 31, 2024
Branch by area (1)   Number
of branches and extension counters   %
of total   Number
of branches and extension counters   %
of total
Metropolitan   1,709   29.0%   1,907   29.2%
Urban   1,160   19.7%   1,310   20.1%
Semi-urban   1,712   29.0%   1,838   28.2%
Rural   1,319   22.3%   1,468   22.5%
Total branches and extension counters   5,900   100.0%   6,523   100.0%

(1)   Classification
                                            of branches as per population census 2011.

At March 31, 2024,
we had 17,190 ATMs and cash recycler machines across India. Our ATMs have additional value added services such as instant fund transfer,
cardless cash withdrawal and update of mobile numbers for ICICI Bank customers.

Our phone banking
is operational around the clock across multiple locations. Phone banking is equipped with interactive voice response systems, voice/email
bot solution, voice biometric authentications, automatic call distribution, telephony integration and voice recorders. We also have a
virtual relationship management platform, which provides superior and seamless connect that caters to the services and product needs
of customers through human interface powered by artificial intelligence, which builds robust customer relationships. We seek to use the
technology to provide an integrated view of customer information to the agents to get a complete overview of the customer’s relationship
with us. We have implemented a customer relationship management solution for the automation of customer service requests in all key banking
products. The solution helps in tracking and timely resolution of various customer queries and issues. The solution has been deployed
at the phone banking as well as at a large number of branches.

Investment
Banking

Our investment
banking operations principally consist of ICICI Bank’s treasury operations and the operations of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership
Limited and of ICICI Securities Limited.

Treasury

Through our treasury
operations, we seek to manage our balance sheet, including the maintenance of required regulatory reserves, and to optimize profits from
our trading portfolio by taking advantage of market opportunities. Our domestic trading and securities portfolio includes our regulatory
reserve portfolio, as there is no restriction on active management of our regulatory reserve portfolio. Our treasury operations include
a range of products and services for corporate and small enterprise customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency
swaps, and foreign exchange products and services. See also “—
Commercial Banking for Corporate Customers—Foreign
Exchange and Derivatives
”.

Our treasury undertakes
liquidity management by seeking to maintain an optimum level of liquidity, complying with the cash reserve ratio requirement and seeking
to maintain the smooth functioning of all our branches. We maintain a balance between interest-earning liquid assets and cash to optimize
earnings and undertake reserve management by maintaining statutory reserves, including the cash reserve ratio and the statutory liquidity
ratio. At year-end fiscal 2024, ICICI Bank was required to maintain the statutory liquidity ratio requirement percentage at 18% of its
domestic net demand and time liabilities by way of approved securities such as Government of India securities and state government securities.
We maintain the statutory liquidity ratio through a portfolio of government of India securities that we actively manage to optimize the
yield and benefit from price movements. Further, as a prudent liquidity management strategy, we generally maintain excess investments
in securities eligible for classification under the statutory liquidity ratio requirement. We maintain the liquidity coverage ratio and
net stable funding ratio, as required under Basel III, both on a standalone basis and at the group level. The minimum requirement for
each ratio is 100%. The liquidity coverage ratio requirement is met by investment in high quality liquid assets, which are primarily
in the form of government securities and better-rated corporate bonds. Our average liquidity coverage ratio for the three months ended
March 31, 2024 was 122.84% on a standalone basis and was 120.71% on a consolidated basis. Both of these ratios were higher than the regulatory
requirement. See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Legal Reserve Requirements
”.

68

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank engages
in investments and foreign exchange operations from Mumbai and overseas branches. As a part of our treasury activities, we also maintain
proprietary trading portfolios in domestic debt and equity securities and in foreign currency assets. Our treasury manages our foreign
currency exposures and the foreign exchange and risk hedging derivative products offered to our customers and engages in market making
and proprietary trading in currency and interest rate market. Our investment and market risk policies are approved by the Board of Directors.

In general,
we pursue a strategy of active management of our equity portfolio to maximize our return on investment. To reinforce compliance with
the Securities and Exchange Board of India’s insider trading regulations, all dealings in our equity and debt investments in listed
companies are undertaken by our treasury’s equity and corporate bonds dealing desks, which are segregated from both the other groups
and desks in the treasury and from our other business groups, and which do not have access to unpublished price sensitive information
about these companies that may be available to us as a lender.

We deal in several
major foreign currencies and take deposits from non-resident Indians in major foreign currencies. We also manage onshore accounts in
foreign currencies. The foreign exchange treasury manages our portfolio through money market and foreign exchange instruments to optimize
yield and liquidity.

We provide a variety
of risk management solutions to our clients, including foreign currency forward contracts, currency and interest rate swaps and options.
We monitor and control the market risk and credit risk on our foreign exchange portfolio through counterparty limits, position limits,
stop-loss limits and limits on the loss of the entire foreign exchange trading operations and exception reporting. See also “
—Risk
Management—Market Risk—Exchange Rate Risk
”.

Securities
broking and investment banking

ICICI Securities
Limited is a financial services company operating across capital market segments including retail and institutional equity, financial
product distribution, private wealth management and investment banking. As at March 31, 2024, ICICI Securities Limited served 9.9 million
customers. ICICI Securities Limited has an online securities broking platform. ICICI Securities Limited assists its customers like retail
investors, corporates, financial institutions and high net worth individuals in meeting their financial goals by providing them with
research, advisory and execution services. ICICI Securities Limited has a subsidiary in the United States, ICICI Securities Holdings
Inc., which in turn has a subsidiary in the United States, ICICI Securities Inc., which is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority in the United States. ICICI Securities Inc. also
has a branch office in Singapore that is registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, where it holds a capital markets services
license for dealing in capital market products in Singapore.

69

Table of Contents

The consolidated
profit after tax of ICICI Securities Limited was Rs. 17.3 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared to Rs. 11.4 billion in fiscal 2023. ICICI
Securities Limited was listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited in 2018 following an offer for sale in
an initial public offering of the company. Our share ownership in ICICI Securities Limited was 74.73% at March 31, 2024.

On June 29, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Bank and its broking subsidiary, ICICI Securities approved a scheme for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities, by issuing equity shares of the Bank to the public shareholders of ICICI Securities (in the swap ratio of 67:100), in lieu of cancellation of their equity shares in ICICI Securities, thereby making ICICI Securities a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, under Regulation 37 of the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021. Pursuant to receipt of requisite regulatory approvals and the order of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunals, meetings of the equity shareholders of the Bank and ICICI Securities were held on March 27, 2024, wherein the proposed scheme was approved by the requisite majority of shareholders. Certain shareholders of ICICI Securities have filed objections to the scheme and the scheme is currently pending for approval of the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunals. Securities and Exchange Board of India has, through its letter dated June 6, 2024, issued administrative warning to the Bank and ICICI Securities on the outreach undertaken by the Bank regarding the scheme of arrangement. The Bank has complied with the requirements mentioned in the administrative warning and ICICI Securities is in the process of complying with the requirements mentioned in the administrative warning.

I-Process Services

I-Process Services
(India) Private Limited (“iProcess”) has a service provider agreement only with the Bank to provide manpower-based support
services across sales, marketing, data entry, operations and collection functions. At March 31, 2023, the Bank held 19.0% of the shareholding
in iProcess. In February 2023, the Board of Directors of the Bank approved a proposal for making iProcess a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Bank, subject to receipt of requisite regulatory and statutory approvals. During fiscal 2024, the Bank purchased remaining equity
shares of iProcess and Consequently, iProcess became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective March 22, 2024.

Primary dealership

Our subsidiary
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited is engaged in the primary dealership of Indian government securities. It also deals in other
fixed income securities and interest rate derivatives. In addition to this, it also undertakes money market operations, underwriting,
portfolio management services and placement of debt. ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited earned a net profit of Rs. 4.1 billion
in fiscal 2024 compared to a net profit of Rs. 1.3 billion in fiscal 2023. The revenues of the business are directly linked to conditions
in the fixed income market.

Private Equity

Our subsidiary
ICICI Venture is a diversified specialist alternative asset manager with a presence across private equity, venture capital, real estate,
infrastructure and special situations. During fiscal 2024, the Company concluded the final closing of the fifth fund in its private equity
vertical with aggregate capital commitments of about Rs. 28.8 billion, multiple closings including the first closing of the fourth fund
in its real estate vertical with aggregate capital commitments of Rs. 7.51 billion and also launched fund raise for a new fund in its
venture capital vertical. The Company ended fiscal 2024 with profit after tax of Rs. 110.3 million.

Asset Management

We provide asset
management services through our subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company. ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company is a
joint venture with Prudential PLC of the United Kingdom. We have 51.0% interest in the entity and Prudential PLC owns 49.0%. ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company also provides portfolio management services and advisory services to clients. ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company had average mutual fund assets under management of Rs. 6,026.4 billion during fiscal 2024. ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company earned a net profit of Rs. 18.2 billion during fiscal 2024 compared to a net profit of Rs. 15.1 billion during fiscal 2023.

70

Table of Contents

Insurance

We provide a wide
range of insurance products and services through our subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited.. Both ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited are listed on relevant Indian stock exchanges.

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited has a wholly owned subsidiary, ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited, which distributes
products under the National Pension System and is a registered pension fund manager.

At March 31, 2024,
our share ownership in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited was 51.20% at March 31, 2024 and Prudential Corporation Holdings
Limited shareholding was 22.04%.

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited had assets under management greater than Rs. 2.9 trillion at March 31, 2024 and had a market share of
6.6% on retail-weighted received premium basis in fiscal 2024 based on data published by the Life Insurance Council. The market share
within the private sector was 9.8% in fiscal 2024. The total premium increased by 8.3% from Rs. 399.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 432.4
billion in fiscal 2024. Within product segments, for fiscal 2024, there was an increase in the contribution of linked savings and annuity
products to the business of our life insurance subsidiary. The value of new business, which is a key profitability metric which measures
the present value of future profits from the new business written during the period, of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
was Rs. 22.27 billion in fiscal 2024
compared to Rs. 27.7 billion in fiscal 2023. With an annualised
premium equivalent of Rs. 90.46 billion for the value of new business margin, which is the ratio of value of new business to annualized
premium equivalent, for the same period was 24.6% compared to annualized premium equivalent of Rs. 86.4 billion and value of new business
margin of 32.0% in fiscal 2023. The lower margin was primarily due to the shift in underlying product mix towards unit linked savings
and participating products from non-participating products, decline in group term business and higher expense ratio for fiscal 2024.
The profit after tax of I
CICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited was Rs. 8.51 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared to Rs.
8.11 billion in fiscal 2023, a year-on-year growth of 4.9%.

See also “
Risk
Factors—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—Additional capital requirements of our insurance entities or our inability
to monetize a part of our shareholding in these entities may adversely impact our business and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs”
and “Risk Factors—Risks relating to our insurance subsidiaries—While our insurance businesses are an important part
of our business, there can be no assurance of their future rates of growth or levels of profitability” and “Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects—Segment Revenues and Assets—Life Insurance
”.

ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited’s gross direct premium income was Rs. 247.8 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared to Rs. 210.3 billion in
fiscal 2023. During fiscal 2024, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited was ranked second largest general insurance company
in the country with a market share of 8.6% based on gross direct premium as per the data published by the Insurance Regulatory and Development
Authority of India. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited earned a net profit of Rs. 19.2 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared
to a net profit of Rs. 17.3 billion in fiscal 2023.

71

Table of Contents

In May 2023, the
Board of the Bank approved acquisition of up to 4.0% of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's shareholding, to make it a
subsidiary of the Bank, subject to receipt of necessary regulatory approvals. The Bank received regulatory approval and has issued letters
of comfort in favour of IRDAI, on behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited wherein it has given an undertaking to infuse
capital, if required by ICICI Lombard in proportion to its shareholding in ICICI Lombard, to meet the minimum regulatory solvency requirement.
During fiscal 2024, through the stock exchange mechanism, the Bank acquired additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited in multiple tranches, resulting into increase in shareholding of more than 50.0%. Consequently, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company ceased to be an affiliate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective February 29, 2024.

The IRDAI issued
regulations on registration of corporate agents for the sale of insurance products. As per the regulations, a corporate agent can partner/tie-up
with upto nine insurance companies each in life, non-life and health insurance sectors for the distribution of insurance products. We
have entered into an agreement with our insurance subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited, and operate as a corporate agent for these companies and distribute general insurance and selective life insurance
products through our branches, phone banking and digital channels and earn commissions from these subsidiaries.

Risk Management

As a financial
intermediary, we are exposed to risks that are particular to our lending, transaction banking and trading businesses and the environment
within which we operate. Our goal in risk management is to ensure that we understand, measure, monitor and manage the various risks that
arise and that the organization adheres to the policies and processes, which are established to address these risks.

The key principles
underlying our risk management framework are as follows:

·   The
                                            Board of Directors has oversight of all the risks assumed by us.

·   Specific
                                            committees of the Board have been constituted to facilitate focused oversight of various
                                            risks. For a discussion of these and other committees, see “Management” .

·   Credit
                                            Committee: The responsibilities of the Credit Committee include review of developments in
                                            key industrial sectors, major credit portfolios and approval of credit proposals as per the
                                            authorization approved by the Board.

·   Audit
                                            Committee: The Audit Committee provides direction to the audit function and monitors the
                                            quality of internal and statutory audit. The responsibilities of the Audit Committee include
                                            examining the financial statements and auditors’ report and overseeing the financial
                                            reporting process to ensure fairness, sufficiency and credibility of financial statements.

·   Information
                                            Technology Strategy Committee: The responsibilities of the Committee are to approve information
                                            technology strategy and policy documents, ensure alignment of information technology strategy
                                            with business strategy, review performance with reference to information technology &
                                            information security key risk indicators including periodic review of such risk indicators,
                                            ensure proper balance of information technology investments for sustaining the Bank's growth,
                                            oversee the aggregate funding of information technology at Bank level, ascertain if management
                                            has resources to ensure the proper management of information technology risks, review contribution
                                            of information technology to business, oversee the activities of the Digital Council, review
                                            technology from a future readiness perspective, oversee key projects progress and critical
                                            information technology systems performance including review of information technology capacity
                                            requirements and adequacy and effectiveness of business continuity management and disaster
                                            recovery, review of special information technology initiatives, review cyber risk, consider
                                            the RBI inspection report/directives received from time to time by the Bank in the areas
                                            of information technology and cyber security and review the compliance of various actionables
                                            items arising out of such reports/directives as may be deemed necessary from time to time
                                            and review deployment of skilled resources within the technology and information security
                                            function to ensure effective and efficient deliveries. The digital council is an internal
                                            forum to measure the Bank’s performance against the digital adoption targets set by
                                            the Government of India’s Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology. Key digital
                                            initiatives taken up by the Bank are discussed in this forum, along with measures to enhance
                                            performance.

72

Table of Contents

·   Risk
                                            Committee: The responsibilities of the Committee are to review the
                                            Bank's risk management policies pertaining to credit, market, liquidity, operational,
                                            outsourcing, reputation risks, business continuity plan and disaster recovery
                                            plan and approve Broker Empanelment Policy and any amendments thereto. The Committee
                                            is also responsible for setting limits on any industry or country; reviewing the Enterprise Risk
                                            Management framework, Risk Appetite framework, stress testing framework, Internal Capital Adequacy
                                            Assessment Process and framework for capital allocation; and reviewing of the status
                                            of compliance with the Basel framework, risk dashboard covering various risks,
                                            outsourcing activities and the activities of the Asset Liability Management Committee.
                                            The Committee also carries out cyber security risk assessment.

·   Policies
                                            approved from time to time by the Board of Directors form the governing framework for each
                                            type of risk. The business activities are undertaken within this policy framework.

·   Independent
                                            groups and sub-groups have been constituted across our organization to facilitate independent
                                            evaluation, monitoring and reporting of various risks. These groups function independent
                                            of the business groups/sub-groups.

The risk
management framework forms the basis for developing consistent risk principles across the Bank and its overseas banking subsidiaries.
The Board of Directors approves the Enterprise Risk Management and Risk Appetite Framework and thresholds/limits structure under which
various business lines operate.

We are
primarily exposed to credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, technology risk, compliance risk, cyber security risk
and reputation risk. We have centralized groups, the Risk Management Group, the Compliance Group, the Legal Group, the Financial Crime
Prevention and Reputation Risk Management Group and the Internal Audit Group with a mandate to identify, assess and monitor all of our
principal risks in accordance with well-defined policies and procedures. In addition, the Assets and Liabilities Operations Group, Treasury
and Securities Services Group, Treasury Monitoring and Reporting Group and the Operations Group monitor operational adherence to regulations,
policies, terms of limit approved and other internal approvals.

The Risk
Management Group is further organized into the Credit Risk Management Group, Market Risk Management Group, Operational Risk Management
Group, Credit Monitoring Group, Model Validation Group, Technology Risk Group and Information Security Group. The Risk Management Group
reports to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compliance Group and the Internal Audit Group report to the Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors. The Risk Management Group, Compliance Group and Internal Audit Group have administrative reporting to the
Executive Director. Treasury and Securities Services Group and Assets and Liabilities Operations Group are part of Operations Group and
Operations Group report to the Executive Director. These groups are independent of the business units.

73

Table of Contents

Credit
Risk

Credit risk is
the risk of loss that may occur from the failure of any party to abide by the terms and conditions of any contract, principally the failure
to make required payments of amounts due to us. In its lending operations, the Bank is principally exposed to credit risk.

Credit risk is
governed by the Credit and Recovery Policy (“Credit Policy”) approved by the Board of Directors. The Credit Policy outlines
the type of products that can be offered, customer categories and the credit approval process, credit administration, credit limits and
other relevant matters.

The Bank measures,
monitors and manages credit risk at an individual borrower level and at the portfolio level for retail borrowers. The Bank has a structured
and standardized credit approval process, which includes a well-established procedure of credit appraisal.

The Bank has established
a risk appetite and limit structure, with respect to credit risk, and specifically concentration risk, which includes the following measures:

·   limits
                                            for group and borrower exposures based on rating and track record;

·   rating-based
                                            limits with respect to incremental asset origination in the corporate portfolio;

·   portfolio
                                            limit for buyout and securitization;

·   establishment
                                            of a separate credit monitoring group to enhance focus on monitoring of borrowers and to
                                            facilitate proactive action wherever required; and

·   enhanced
                                            monitoring of retail product portfolios through periodic reviews and vintage curve analysis.

The Credit Committee
of the Board reviews the portfolio and large exposure groups. The Bank has a dedicated group, namely the Financial Crime Prevention Group,
for overseeing and handling the fraud prevention, detection, investigation, monitoring and awareness creation activities.

Credit Approval Authorities

The Board of Directors/Credit
Committee has delegated credit approval authority to various committees, forums and individual officers under the credit approval authorization
policy. The credit approval authorization policy is based on the level of risk and the quantum of exposure, and is designed to ensure
that transactions with higher exposure and higher levels of risk are sent to a correspondingly higher forum/committee for approval.

The Bank has established
several levels of credit approval authorities for its corporate banking activities - the Credit Committee, the Committee of Executive
Directors, the Committee of Senior Management, the Committee of Executives, and the Corporate Lending Forum. For certain exposures under
programs, approval under a joint authorization framework has been established.

Retail credit facilities
must comply with approved product policies. All products policies are approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The individual
credit proposals are evaluated and approved by individual officers/forums on the basis of the product policies.

Credit Risk Assessment
Methodology for Standalone Entities

All credit proposals
other than retail products, program lending, score card-based lending to small and medium enterprises and agricultural businesses and
certain other specified products are rated internally by the Credit Risk Management Group, prior to approval by the appropriate forum.

74

Table of Contents

The Credit Risk
Management Group rates proposals, carries out industry analysis (through a centralized industry team), tracks the quality of the credit
portfolio with regular rating reviews and reports periodically to the Credit Committee and the Risk Committee. The Bank also has a credit
monitoring group, which monitors individual accounts jointly with the business and Risk Management Group on a regular basis including
stock statements, bank statements and stock audit reports. For non-retail exposures, the Assets and Liabilities Operations Group verifies
adherence to the terms of the approval prior to the commitment and disbursement of credit facilities. The Bank also manages credit risk
through various limit structures, which are in line with the Reserve Bank of India’s prudential guidelines. The Bank has set up
various exposure limits, including the single borrower exposure limit, the group borrower exposure limit, the industry exposure limit,
the unsecured exposure limit, and limits on exposure to sensitive sectors such as capital markets, non-banking finance companies and
real estate. Based on rating and tracking of the borrower and group, limits on incremental exposures have also been put in place. Limits
on countries and bank counterparties have also been stipulated.

The Bank has an
established credit analysis procedure leading to appropriate identification of credit risk both at the individual borrower and the portfolio
level. Appropriate appraisal and credit rating methodologies have been established for various types of products and businesses. The
methodology involves assessment of quantitative and qualitative parameters. For example, for any large corporate borrower, the rating
methodology entails a comprehensive evaluation of the industry, borrower’s business position in the industry (benchmarking), financial
position and projections, quality of management, impact of projects being undertaken by the borrower and structure of the transaction.

After conducting
an analysis of a specific borrower’s risk, the Credit Risk Management Group assigns a credit rating to the borrower. We have a
scale of 12 ratings ranging from AAA to B. A borrower’s credit rating is a vital input for the credit approval process. The borrower’s
credit rating and the default pattern corresponding to that credit rating, form an important input in the risk-based pricing framework
of the Bank. Every proposal for a financing facility is prepared by the relevant business unit and reviewed by the Credit Risk Management
Group before being submitted for approval to the appropriate approval authority other than retail products, program lending, score card-based
lending to small and medium enterprises and agri-businesses and certain other specified products. The approval process for non-fund facilities
is similar to that for fund-based facilities.

On our current
rating scale, ratings of below BBB- (i.e., BB and B ratings) are considered to be relatively high-risk categories. Our current credit
policy does not expressly provide a minimum rating required for a borrower to be considered for a loan. All corporate loan proposals
for fresh/incremental exposure with an internal rating of below BBB- are sent to our Credit Committee for its approval. See also “
Consolidated
financial Statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional Notes—Note 7—Credit
quality indicators of loans
”.

The appraisal process
involves an in-depth study of the industry, financial, commercial, technical and managerial aspects of the borrower. An assessment of
the financial requirements of the client is made in order to arrive at the amount of credit to be considered by the Bank. Each credit
proposal is thereafter prepared in an appropriate appraisal format and placed before the approving authority as prescribed by the Board
of Directors/ Credit Committee from time to time.

The following sections
detail the risk assessment process for various business segments:

Assessment of Project
Finance Exposures

The Bank
carries out evaluation of technical and financial viability of the project and the sponsor’s financial strength. This analysis
helps the Bank identify, allocate and mitigate risks in project financing.

75

Table of Contents

Assessment of Corporate
Finance Exposures (Term loans/fixed maturity loans)

As part of the
corporate loan approval procedures, the Bank carries out a detailed analysis of funding requirements, including normal capital expenses,
long-term working capital requirements, and acquisition finance. The Bank’s funding of long-term requirements is assessed on the
basis of detailed review of the underlying transaction and an analysis of cash flows.

Our analysis enables
us to identify risks in these transactions. To mitigate risks, we use various credit enhancement techniques, such as collateralization,
cash collateralization, creation of escrow accounts and debt service reserves. Rating review of these exposures is done based on asset
quality review framework of the Bank. The Credit Monitoring Group jointly monitors these exposures along with the business and Risk Management
Group.

Corporate finance
loans can be secured by fixed assets (which normally consists of property, plant and equipment), pledge of financial assets (such as
marketable securities or at times non-marketable securities) and we may obtain contractual credit enhancements such as corporate guarantees
or personal guarantees from the sponsors wherever appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to
sponsors’ shareholding in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding.
We also provide unsecured loans to higher rated, well-established corporate borrowers.

With respect to
financing of cross-border corporate mergers and acquisitions, we carry out detailed due diligence on the acquirer as well as the target’s
business profile.

We emphasize environmental
and social risk assessment for new project and corporate financing proposals subject to certain criteria. These proposals are reviewed
under a social and environmental management framework that integrates analysis of the environmental and social risk assessment into the
overall credit appraisal process. We are also in the process of incorporating environmental, social and governance and climate risk aspects
as part of the credit evaluation process. Borrower level environmental, social and governance scores from external agencies are considered
during the evaluation of a proposal. We have developed sector-specific environmental, social and governance checklists for borrower-level
evaluation and a framework for assessment of climate-related physical and transition risk that a borrower could be exposed to in certain
sectors. The Bank has also developed a Framework for Sustainable Financing, which provides guidance on eligibility criteria for Sustainable/Sustainability
Linked Lending, guidance on assessment of facilities, monitoring & reporting of such facilities. As part of our Internal Capital
Adequacy Assessment Process (“ICAAP”), we have carried out stress testing to address risks emanating from climate change
on the critical infrastructure resources that support Bank’s operations. Further, the Bank considers stress testing for climate
risk as part of scenario based stress testing under ICAAP. The same incorporates the impact of physical risk as well as transition risk
on the borrowers.

Assessment of Working
Capital Finance Exposures

We carry out a
detailed analysis of borrowers’ working capital requirements. Once credit limits are approved, we may calculate the amounts that
can be lent on the basis of review of monthly stock statements provided by the borrower and the margins stipulated. Credit limits are
reviewed on a periodic basis.

Working capital
facilities are generally secured by inventories, receivables and other current assets. Additionally, in certain cases, we obtain contractual
credit enhancements such as personal guarantees or corporate guarantees from sponsors, or subordinated security interests in the tangible
assets of the borrower including plant and machinery.

76

Table of Contents

Assessment of
Retail Loans

The origination
and approval of retail credit exposures are segregated to ensure independence.

The Credit and
Policy Group is responsible for preparing credit policies and operating policies. The Credit Risk Management Group oversees the credit
risk issues for retail assets including the review of all credit policies and operating policies proposed for approval by the Board or
forums authorized by the Board. These groups are involved in portfolio monitoring of all retail assets and in suggesting and implementing
policy changes. The Data Science and Analytics Group is responsible for devising customer-segment specific strategies, portfolio tracking
and monitoring, analytics, score card development and database management. The credit team is independent from the business unit and
is organized geographically to support the retail sales and service structure.

The Bank’s
credit officers evaluate credit proposals on the basis of operating policies approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The criteria
vary across product segments but typically include factors such as the borrower’s income, leverage, the loan-to-value ratio and
demographic parameters. External agencies such as field investigation agencies facilitate a comprehensive due diligence process including
visits to offices and homes of borrowers whenever required by the applicable policy. The Bank also draws upon a centralized database
on delinquent loans and reports from the credit bureaus to review the borrower’s profile. Except for personal loans and credit
cards, the Bank generally requires a contribution from the borrower and its loans are secured by the asset financed. For mortgage loans
and used vehicle loans, a valuation agency or an in-house technical team carries out the valuations. For certain products, the Bank has
implemented a credit-scoring, which forms one of the criteria for loan evaluation.

As part of digital
credit lending, the Bank offers retail asset products to bank customers through digital channels. As part of its strategy, the Bank uses
multiple credit filters to segment customers and to mitigate risk. The portfolio build-up strategy is based on utilizing the pre-approved
customer database for origination of key retail asset products wherein major incremental origination is from existing liability customer
relationships.

The Bank undertakes
portfolio buyouts of various retail assets products. The portfolio is selected by applying selection filters like tenure, size, loan
to value ratio and location, and meeting regulatory requirements with regard to minimum holding period and minimum retention requirement
by the seller. The buyouts are in the form of direct assignment or by way of investment in pass through certificates.

The Bank has established
centralized operations to manage operational risk in the back-office processes of its retail assets business and also has decentralized
operations to improve turnaround time for customers. A separate team under the Credit and Policy Group undertakes review and audits of
credit quality and processes across different products. The Bank has a debt services management group independent of business group to
manage debt recovery. The group operates under the guidelines of a standardized recovery process.

Assessment Procedures
for Small and Medium Enterprises Loans

The Bank finances
small enterprises, which include individual entities and financing dealers and vendors of companies. Small enterprise credit also includes
financing extended directly to small enterprises as well as lending based on parameterized product-based credit facilities, which involves
a cluster-based approach wherein a lending program is implemented for a homogenous group of individuals/business entities, which comply
with certain laid-down parameterized norms. Further, programs can also be made for diverse group of individuals/business entities/ industries
having common target market norms and go-no-go parameters as approved by the Committee of Executive Directors. The risk assessment of
such a cluster involves the identification of appropriate credit norms for the target market, the use of scoring models for enterprises
that satisfy these norms and a comprehensive appraisal of those enterprises, which are awarded a minimum required score in the scoring
model.

77

Table of Contents

The Bank has various
programs for lending to business banking customers, based on various financial and non-financial parameters and target market norms.
The program criteria are approved by the Committee of Executive Directors and individual credit proposals are assessed by the credit
team based on these approved criteria. Exposure of up to Rs 30.0 million can be sanctioned in the digital platform provided they meet
the credit and collateral norms prescribed by the program. A new workflow platform “Unicore” has been introduced for sanction
of exposure upto Rs 100.0 million.

For large ticket
size loans (maximum up to Rs. 750 million), an in-house developed statistical scoring model is being used to assess a majority of cases
in the small and medium enterprise and mid-corporate segment. The underwriting process integrates various digital tools like bank statement
analyzer, automatic fetching of bureau reports and enhanced business rule engine to generate probability of default scores for score-based
analysis. A detailed appraisal is performed based on the financial as well as non-financial parameters to assess the creditworthiness
of the enterprise in all the cases.

The Bank also finances
dealers and vendors linked to large and medium entities by implementing structures to enhance the base credit quality of the vendor or
dealer. The process involves an analysis of the base credit quality of the vendor or dealer and an analysis of the linkages that exist
between the vendor or dealer and the company. The approval of limits to dealers and vendors takes place manually as well as digitally.

The risk management
policy also includes setting up of portfolio control norms, continuous monitoring renewal norms as well as stringent review and exit
triggers to be followed while financing such clusters or communities.

Assessment Procedures
for Rural and Agricultural Loans

The rural and agricultural
portfolio consists of loans to individuals and non-individuals engaged in agriculture and related activities. These loans are extended
to meet crop production and maintenance, consumption, asset purchase and income generating requirements of borrowers.

The sales and credit
decision-making functions are segregated. The Credit and Policy Group is responsible for preparing credit policies/operating policies.
The Credit Risk Management Group oversees the credit risk and portfolio monitoring related issues along with the review of credit/operating
policies and changes thereto pertaining to retail agricultural assets for approval by competent authorities. The credit team oversees
the underwriting function and is organized geographically in line with the rural sales and service structure.

Rural and agriculture
credit also includes financing extended on a cluster-based approach to borrowers with a homogeneous profile. The risk assessment of such
cluster includes identification of appropriate credit norms, the use of scoring models for enterprises and stipulating suitable collateral
norms.

For loans against
gold ornaments and gold coins, the credit norms focus on establishing ownership and authenticity (purity and weight) of the underlying
jewellery with the help of Bank appointed external appraisers. Norms with respect to loan-to-value ratio have been laid down in accordance
with regulatory guidelines.

78

Table of Contents

For loans against
pledge of agricultural commodities, the credit norms focus on the quality, quantity and price volatility of the underlying commodity.
A dedicated group evaluates, directly or through the agencies appointed by it at the time of funding and undertakes periodic post disbursements
checks. Norms with respect to price monitoring and loan-to-value ratio have been laid down.

See also “
Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Entry into new businesses or rapid growth in existing loan portfolios may expose us
to increased risks that may adversely affect our business
”.

Risk Monitoring and Portfolio
Review

We monitor credit
facilities through a risk-based asset review framework under which the frequency of asset review is higher for cases with higher exposure
balances and/or lower credit ratings. For corporate, business banking, the Asset and Liabilities Operations Group verifies adherence
to the terms of the credit approval prior to disbursement/limit set up.

The Credit Monitoring
Group jointly with the business and Risk Management Group monitors corporate and business banking borrower accounts to identify triggers
on the basis of account conduct and behavior. These triggers are highlighted to risk and business teams and are included in the appraisal
and portfolio review process, which helps to take timely action on the exposures.

An analysis of
our portfolio composition based on internal ratings is carried out and submitted to the Risk Committee of the Board on a quarterly basis
as part of the risk dashboard. This facilitates the identification and analysis of trends in the portfolio credit risk.

The Credit Committee
of the Bank, apart from approving proposals, regularly reviews the credit quality of the portfolio and various sub-portfolios. A summary
of the reviews carried out by the Credit Committee is submitted to the Board for its information.

The Bank’s
Enterprise Risk Management framework defines benchmark vintage curves as delinquency triggers for key retail products. Actual delinquencies
for these products are monitored against these benchmark vintage curves, to enable analysis and directed collection strategies as well
as review of origination norms, where required. As part of the Enterprise Risk Management framework, a threshold on incremental origination
for customers with low bureau score has also been stipulated for retail portfolio.

Market Risk

Market risk is
the possibility of loss arising from changes in the value of a financial instrument as a result of changes in market variables such as
interest rates, exchange rates, credit spreads and other asset prices. Our exposure to market risk is a function of our trading and asset-liability
management activities and our role as a financial intermediary in customer-related transactions. These risks are mitigated by the limits
stipulated in the Investment Policy (which includes the Derivatives Policy) and Asset Liability Management Policy, which are approved
and reviewed by the Board of Directors.

Market Risk Management
Procedures

The Asset Liability
Management Policy stipulates liquidity and interest rate risk limits at an aggregate level and the Asset Liability Management Committee
reviews adherence to limits and determines the strategy in light of the current and expected environment. The Investment Policy addresses
issues related to investments in various treasury products and includes the Derivatives Policy which is formulated in line with the comprehensive
guidelines issued by Reserve Bank of India on derivatives for banks. The policies are designed to ensure that operations in the securities
and foreign exchange and derivatives areas are conducted in accordance with sound and acceptable business practices and current regulatory
guidelines, laws governing transactions in financial securities and the financial environment. The policies contain the limit structures
that govern transactions in financial instruments. The Board has authorized the Asset Liability Management Committee and Committee of
Executive Directors (Borrowing, Treasury and Investment Operations) to grant certain approvals related to treasury activities, within
the broad parameters laid down by policies approved by the Board.

79

Table of Contents

The Asset Liability
Management Committee, comprising the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, wholetime directors and senior executives, meets
periodically and reviews the positions of trading groups, interest rate and liquidity gap positions, sets deposit and benchmark lending
rates, reviews the pricing methodologies for various categories of advances, reviews the valuation methodologies for various treasury
products, the business profile and its impact on asset liability management and determines the asset liability management strategy, as
deemed fit, taking into consideration the current and expected business environment. The Asset Liability Management Policy provides guidelines
to manage liquidity risk and interest rate risk in the banking book.

The Market Risk
Management Group is responsible for the identification, assessment and measurement of market risk. Risk limits including position limits
and stop loss limits are reported on a daily basis by the Treasury Monitoring and Reporting Group and reviewed periodically. Foreign
exchange risk is monitored through the net overnight open foreign exchange limit. Interest rate risk in the banking book is measured
through the use of re-pricing gap/duration analysis. Interest rate risk is further monitored through interest rate risk limits approved
by the Board of Directors.

Interest Rate Risk

Our core business
is deposit taking, borrowing and lending in both Indian rupees and foreign currencies as permitted by the Reserve Bank of India. These
activities expose us to interest rate risk.

Our balance sheet
consists of Indian rupee and foreign currency assets and liabilities, with a predominantly higher proportion of rupee-denominated assets
and liabilities. Thus, movements in Indian interest rates are our main source of interest rate risk.

Interest rate risk
is measured through earnings at risk from an earnings perspective and through duration of equity from an economic value perspective.
Further, exposure to fluctuations in interest rates is also measured by way of gap analysis, providing a static view of the maturity
and re-pricing characteristics of balance sheet positions. We monitor interest rate risk through the above measures on a fortnightly
basis. The duration gap analysis and interest rate sensitivity gap statements for standalone Bank are submitted to the Reserve Bank of
India on a monthly basis. Additionally, the interest rate gap statements for overseas branches are submitted to the host regulator based
on applicable guidelines. We also monitor sensitivities of our interest rate options portfolio.

The Bank’s
primary source of funding is deposits and, to a smaller extent, borrowings. In the rupee market, most of our deposit taking is at fixed
rates of interest. We accept deposits for fixed periods, except for savings account deposits and current account deposits, which do not
have any specified maturity and can be withdrawn on demand. Current account deposits in the domestic operations are non-interest bearing.
Our borrowings are usually for a fixed period, with certain borrowings qualifying as capital instruments having European call options
attached to them, exercisable by us only on specified dates, subject to regulatory approvals. On the asset side, we have a mix of floating
and fixed interest rate assets. Our term loans are generally repaid gradually, with principal repayments being made over the life of
the loan.

Pursuant to regulatory
reserve requirements, we maintain a large part of our assets in government of India securities and in interest-free balances with the
Reserve Bank of India, which are funded mainly by deposits and borrowings. This exposes us to the risk of differential movement in the
yield earned on statutory reserves and the related funding cost.

80

Table of Contents

Almost all the
long tenor foreign currency loans in the overseas branches of the Bank are floating rate loans. These loans are generally funded with
foreign currency borrowings and deposits in our overseas branches. We generally convert the long tenor foreign currency borrowings into
floating rate dollar liabilities through the use of interest rate and currency swaps with leading international banks. Our overseas subsidiaries
in the UK and Canada have fixed rate retail term deposits and fixed/floating rate wholesale borrowings as their funding sources; with
the UK subsidiary additionally having floating rate savings deposits and non-interest bearing current deposits. They also have fixed
and floating rate assets. Interest rate risk is generally managed by increasing/decreasing the duration of investments and government
securities portfolio and/or by entering into interest rate derivatives whenever required. We are an active participant in the interest
rate swap market and are one of the largest swap counterparties in India.

The Bank has transitioned all its LIBOR-linked
contracts to alternate rates.

For a discussion
of our vulnerability to interest rate risk, see
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading
activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest
margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial
performance”
 and
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our inability to effectively manage credit,
market and liquidity risk and inaccuracy of our valuation models and accounting estimates may have an adverse effect on our earnings,
capitalization, credit ratings and cost of funds”.

Equity Risk

We assume equity
risk both as part of our investment book and our trading book. At year-end fiscal 2024, we had a total equity investment portfolio (excluding
investment in affiliates) of Rs. 270.5 billion, primarily comprising Rs. 67.4 billion of investments by the Bank and Rs. 193.2 billion
of investments by our insurance subsidiary. The Bank also acquires equity investments from loan conversion and also investment in unlisted
equity which are long-term in nature. We also invest in alternate investment funds/ venture capital funds, primarily those managed by
our subsidiary ICICI Venture. These funds primarily invest in equity and equity linked and non-convertible instruments. Our investments
in these funds are similar in nature to our other equity investments and are subject to the same risks. In addition, they are subject
to risks in the form of changes in regulation and taxation policies applicable to such equity funds. ICICI Securities and ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership also have a small portfolio of equity derivatives. For further information on our trading and available-for-sale investments,
see also
“—Overview of Our Products and Services—Investment Banking—Treasury”
.

The risk in the
equity portfolio of the proprietary trading group, which manages the equity trading book of the Bank, is controlled through position
limits, value-at-risk approach and stop loss limits, as stipulated in the Investment Policy. The portfolio includes investments in listed
equities, equity mutual funds and infrastructure and real estate investment trusts, as well as application money paid for new offerings
of such investments. Value-at-risk measures the statistical risk of loss from a trading position, given a specified confidence level
and a defined time horizon, see
“—Selected Statistical Information”.

Exchange Rate Risk

We offer instruments
like foreign exchange forwards, options, swaps and combinations thereof to clients, which are primarily banks and corporate customers.
We use cross currency swaps, forwards, and options to hedge against risks arising out of these transactions and for foreign currency
loans that are originated in currencies different from the currencies of borrowings supporting them. Some of these transactions may not
meet the hedge accounting requirements and are subject to mark-to-market accounting. Trading activities in the foreign currency markets
expose us to exchange rate risks. This risk is mitigated by setting counterparty limits, stipulating foreign exchange overnight and intra-day
position limits, greek limits for options, daily/quarterly/yearly cumulative stop-loss limits and engaging in exception reporting.

81

Table of Contents

Derivative
Instruments Risk

The Bank offers
various derivative products, including forwards, options, swaps and combinations thereof in foreign exchange and interest rates to clients
for their risk management purposes. Profits or losses on account of market movements on these transactions are borne by the clients.
For the transactions, which are not covered in the interbank market, the Bank runs open positions within the limits prescribed in its
Investment Policy. The derivative transactions are subject to counterparty risk to the extent particular obligors are unable to make
payment on contracts when due.

In view of the
margin rules for non-centrally cleared derivative transactions issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, guidelines issued
by the Reserve Bank of India and guidelines issued by overseas regulators, certain derivative transactions are subject to margining and
collateral exchange in accordance with a Credit Support Annex. Reserve Bank of India has permitted the Bank to post and collect margin for
permitted derivative contracts with covered entities outside India. The Bank has also implemented International Swaps and Derivatives
Association prescribed Standardized Initial Margin Model for estimating the initial margin requirements for some of the non-centrally
cleared derivatives. The requirements are currently applicable for the overseas branches. The Bank settles certain derivative transactions
through qualified central counterparties such as Clearing Corporation of India Limited and London Clearing House Limited and posts collateral
in line with the margin regulations stipulated by qualified central counterparties.

The Bank also enters
into interest rate and currency derivative transactions for the purpose of hedging interest rate and foreign exchange risk and also engages
in trading of derivative instruments on its own account.

Credit Spread Risk

Credit spread risk
arises out of investments in fixed income securities. Hence, volatility in the level of credit spreads would impact the value of these
portfolios held by the Bank. We closely monitor our portfolio and risk is monitored by setting investment limits, rating-wise limits,
single issuer limit, maturity limits and stipulating daily and cumulative stop-loss limits.

Liquidity Risk

The Bank manages
liquidity risk in accordance with our Asset Liability Management Policy. This policy is based on applicable regulatory guidelines and
is approved by the Board of Directors. The Asset Liability Management Committee of the Bank formulates and reviews strategies and provides
guidance for management of liquidity risk within the framework laid out in the Asset Liability Management Policy. The Risk Committee
of the Board has oversight of the Asset Liability Management Committee.

The Bank uses various
tools for the measurement of liquidity risk including the statement of structural liquidity, dynamic liquidity cash flow statements,
liquidity ratios and stress testing through scenario analysis. The statement of structural liquidity is used as a standard tool for measuring
and managing net funding requirements and the assessment of a surplus or shortfall of funds in various maturity buckets in the future.
The utilization against gap limits laid down for each bucket is reviewed by the Bank’s Asset Liability Management Committee.

82

Table of Contents

We also periodically
present to the Asset Liability Management Committee the dynamic liquidity cash flow statements, which in addition to scheduled cash flows,
considers the liquidity requirements pertaining to incremental business and the funding thereof. As a part of the stock and flow approach,
we monitor various liquidity ratios, and limits as laid down for these ratios in the Asset Liability Management Policy.

The sources of liquidity, levels of
liquid assets, Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) are set out in “
Operating and Financial Review
and Prospects—Market Risk—Liquidity Risk
”.

We have a Board
approved liquidity stress-testing framework, under which we estimate the Bank’s liquidity position under a range of stress scenarios,
and consider possible measures we could take to mitigate the outflows under each scenario. During fiscal 2024, the results of each of
the stress scenarios were within the Board-approved limits.

The Risk Committee
of the Board has approved a liquidity contingency plan, which lays down a framework for ongoing monitoring of potential liquidity contingencies
and an action plan to meet such contingencies. The liquidity contingency plan lays down several liquidity indicators, which are monitored
on a pre-defined (daily or weekly) basis and also defines the protocol and responsibilities of various teams in the event of a liquidity
contingency.

Similar frameworks
to manage liquidity risk have been established at each of the overseas banking subsidiaries of the Bank addressing the risks they run
as well as incorporating host country regulatory requirements as applicable.

Our subsidiary
in the United Kingdom has access to diverse sources of liquidity to allow for flexibility in meeting its funding requirements. In line
with local regulatory requirements, ICICI Bank UK has an Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process document, which is approved by
its Board of Directors. The Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process outlines the stress testing framework and liquidity and funding
risk limits. These limits are monitored by Asset Liability Management Committee of ICICI Bank UK, at least on monthly basis. ICICI Bank
UK has complied with these requirements throughout fiscal 2024. It maintained a liquidity coverage ratio above the stipulated level of
100.0% during fiscal 2024 and complied with Pillar 2 liquidity requirements, as stipulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority.

In Canada, the
liquidity coverage ratio guidelines from the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions expect banks to ensure that the value
of the liquidity coverage ratio be no lower than 100.0%, in the absence of financial stress. At March 31, 2024, ICICI Bank Canada maintained
a liquidity coverage ratio above the regulatory minimum of 100%. The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions expects each
Canadian bank to have an internal liquidity policy articulating and defining the role of liquid assets within the bank’s overall
liquidity management system and establishing minimum targets for liquid asset holdings. ICICI Bank Canada has a Liquidity Management
Policy and Market Risk Management Policy, which are approved by its Board of Directors. These limits are monitored by the Asset Liability
Management Committee of ICICI Bank Canada, at least on monthly basis. ICICI Bank Canada has complied with these guidelines throughout
fiscal 2024.

In addition, Net
Cumulative Cash Flow information on a monthly basis is shared with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions consisting
details of maturity pattern of assets and liabilities and net cash flows.

See also “
Operating
and Financial Review and Prospects—Market Risk—Liquidity Risk
”.

83

Table of Contents

Operational Risk

Operational risk
is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events. Operational risk
includes legal risk but excludes strategic and reputational risks. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to fines, penalties
or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements.

The management
of operational risk is governed by the Operational Risk Management Policy approved by the Board of Directors. The Policy is applicable
across the Bank including overseas branches, ensuring a clear accountability and responsibility for management and mitigation of operational
risk, developing a common understanding of operational risk and assisting the business and operation groups to improve internal controls.
The Board has constituted an Operational Risk Management Committee for reviewing risks associated with the various business activities
of the Bank. The Operational Risk Management Committee reviews the risk profile of various key functions, the tools used for management
of operational risk and implementation of the operational risk management policies as approved by the Board. The Board has also approved
a framework for approval of products and processes, which requires the products and processes pertaining to products/product variants
to be assessed from an operational risk perspective.

The key elements
in the operational risk management process in the Bank are risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and
risk mitigation.

The Bank seeks
to mitigate operational risk by maintaining a comprehensive system of internal controls, establishing systems and procedures to monitor
transactions, maintaining key back-up procedures and undertaking regular contingency planning.

Considering the
increasing importance of operational risk, we are strengthening our operational risk framework through identification of material processes,
institutionalizing the process of in-depth analysis of operational risk incidents and creating a feedback loop of learnings to improve
the processes.

Operational controls
and procedures at the Bank are summarized below.

Operational Controls and Procedures
in Retail Banking

The Bank has well-defined
products, sales, credit and operations structures for customer sales, evaluation, servicing and monitoring. The Bank offers retail and
transaction banking products to customers through various channels such as branches, phone banking, digital/online, business correspondents,
and empaneled service providers. Banking transactions relating to customer accounts are processed based on built-in system checks and
authorization procedures and transactions are also subjected to enhanced due-diligence based on certain criteria. The Bank has designated
centralized and regional processing centers located at various cities across the country as well as contact centers in multiple cities
for extending banking services to customers through phone banking.

Operational Controls and Procedures
for Wholesale and Transaction Banking

The credit risk
of the Wholesale banking business is independently evaluated by the credit risk management group. The legal group reviews, the security
structure and documentation aspects and the operations group conducts verification and scrutiny of the loan documents vis-à-vis
terms of limit approved, monitoring important covenants of the terms of limit approved, monitoring creation of the security interest
and other important aspects for the facility extended by the Bank.

Operational Controls and Procedures
in Treasury

The Bank has internal
controls with respect to its treasury operations, which include the segregation of duties between the treasury front-office and treasury
and securities services groups, certain control procedures, monitoring procedures through detailed reporting statements, and a well-defined
code of conduct for dealers. The Bank has also set up limits in respect of treasury operations including deal size limits and product
limits. In order to mitigate the potential risk of mis-selling, a customer suitability and appropriateness policy has been implemented.
Similarly, in order to mitigate potential contractual risks over-the-counter deal execution-related conversations are recorded. Some
of the control measures include independence of deal validation, deal confirmation, documentation, limits monitoring, treasury accounting,
settlement, reconciliation and regulatory compliance. Further, there is monitoring for unconfirmed, unsettled deals if any, delay in
settlement or confirmation, and other potential issues.

84

Table of Contents

Operational Controls and Procedures
for Information Technology

The Bank has a
governance framework for information technology and security with oversight by the Information Technology Strategy Committee which is
a Board-level committee chaired by an independent director. The security strategy at the Bank is based on the principle of defense in
depth and the information technology risk framework of the Bank enunciates three lines of defense with clearly defined roles and responsibilities.
The Bank has dedicated units responsible for information security
,
information
technology risk management and financial crime prevention, which are independent of the business units. In striving to provide high availability
and continuity of services to its customers, including high availability of customer facing information technology systems, the Bank
has a Business Continuity Management and Disaster Recovery Policy for timely recovery of its information technology systems in the event
of any disaster or contingency.

To monitor its
systems, the Bank has an information technology Command Center (which includes Network Operation Center). This is supported by the resilience
in the design and redundancy at every layer in the Bank’s information technology infrastructure (servers, storage and network).
The Bank has processes for change management, identity management, access management and security operations, and these processes are
periodically reviewed and refined to keep them abreast of emerging risks and to implement commensurate controls to mitigate such risks.
The Bank has a fully equipped disaster recovery setup in place at remote location(s), which is subject to periodic disaster recovery
drills. Further, stringent gating controls are followed when introducing new applications.

The Bank continuously
reviews and takes measures to enhance its information technology resilience in terms of application architecture, network and infrastructure.

Outsourcing risk

The Board has approved
an Outsourcing Policy to oversee the governance around outsourcing activities. Based on the Policy, the Board and senior management are
responsible for outsourcing operations and for managing risks inherent in such outsourcing activities. The Board has constituted an Outsourcing
Committee, which approves new outsourcing activities, undertakes periodic reviews and implementation of the Outsourcing Policy, and performs
other functions in support of the Outsourcing Policy.

Information
Technology Risk

Information Technology
risk refers to potential negative outcomes that may arise from the use of information technology systems and processes. Information technology
risk includes the risk of business disruption and the risk of data breach.

The management of
information technology risk is governed by the information technology risk management policy which is an annexure to the Board approved
operational risk management policy. The information technology risk management policy is applicable across the Bank including the overseas
branches, ensuring a clear accountability and responsibility for the management and mitigation of information technology risk, developing
a common understanding of the key information technology processes and facilitating the information technology group to improve internal
controls in information technology operations. The Board has constituted an information technology strategy Committee for reviewing risks
associated with the various technology solutions of the Bank.

85

Table of Contents

The key elements in the information
technology risk management process are developing policies and frameworks in various areas of information technology operations for risk
identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and risk mitigation.

See also
“Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Technology—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting
our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of
confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure”
.

Anti-Money Laundering
Controls

The Bank has implemented
Know Your Customer/Anti-Money Laundering/Combating of Financing of Terrorism controls in accordance with the provisions under the Prevention
of Money Laundering Act, 2002, rules promulgated thereunder and directions issued by the regulators from time to time.

Implementation
of these controls includes the formulation of a Group Anti-Money Laundering Policy which establishes the standards of Anti-Money Laundering/Combating
of Financing of Terrorism compliance and is applicable to all activities of the Bank including its Strategic Business Units in India,
overseas branches and banking & non-banking subsidiaries; oversight by the Audit Committee on the implementation of the Anti-Money
Laundering framework; appointment of a wholetime director to ensure overall compliance with the obligation under PMLA, appointment of
a senior level officer as the Principal Officer who has the day-to-day responsibility for implementation of the Anti-Money Laundering
framework; implementation of adequate Know Your Customer procedures, screening of names of customers with negative lists issued by the
regulators and customer risk categorization for classifying the customers as high, medium and low risk; risk-based transaction monitoring
and regulatory reporting procedures through automated applications; implementing appropriate mechanisms to train employees’ and
create customer awareness on this subject. With an objective to identify, assess and understand the money laundering and terrorist financing
risks faced and adopt effective risk mitigation measures following the risk based approach, the Bank has formulated a Money Laundering/Terrorists
Financing Risk Assessment Framework.

See also “
Risk
Factors—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The enhanced supervisory and compliance
environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal or informal.” and “Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Negative publicity could damage our reputation and adversely impact our business and
financial results and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.” See also “Legal and Regulatory Proceedings.” See also
“Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Know Your Customer and Anti-Money Laundering.”

86

Table of Contents

Cyber
Security

Risk Management
and Strategy

The
Bank has taken a comprehensive approach to cyber security and implemented policies, standards, and guidelines in designing its overall
risk management systems and processes to address security against cyber threats. The triad of confidentiality, integrity and availability
is at the center of our comprehensive information security framework, which covers all material aspects of prevention, detection and
response to cyber security incidents and threats. Keeping customer priorities in mind, the Bank follows a defense-in-depth approach in
implementing the cyber security solutions. The Bank also emphasizes customer protection by implementing adaptive authentication and awareness
initiatives. The Bank has been enabling customers to easily configure control parameters related to their bank cards such as limits,
international access, and other parameters on a self-service and real-time basis from the Bank’s internet and mobile platforms.
This enables customers to protect their cards from misuse. The Bank has devised multiple key risk indicators and dashboards to review
system stability, continuity and availability and network uptime of the critical customer impacting systems. The Bank also has a comprehensive
Security Awareness Program to enhance the level of cyber security awareness among our customers and employees. The Bank regularly hosts
campaigns to enhance awareness among customers on cyber security when banking through digital channels.

The
Bank has formulated robust security standards, processes, and protocols which it proactively reviews and enhances against the backdrop
of any new change in the cyber security landscape. The Bank has adopted a comprehensive, structured, and robust information security
policy, cyber security policy, and cyber crisis management plan to ensure adequate security of its data assets on a continuous basis
in compliance with regulatory guidelines and other statutory guidelines as applicable. These policies have been designed using several
standards and regulations as a reference, including the Reserve Bank of India cyber security framework, NCIIPC Guidelines for Protection,
FFIEC Cyber security Assessment Tool, the Securities and Exchange Board of India cyber security and resilience framework for Stockbrokers/Depository
participants, IRDA Guidelines on information and cyber security for Insurers, Unusual cyber security incidents framework. The Bank has
also incorporated industry best practices such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the regulatory requirements
of some other jurisdictions in which the Bank operates. Furthermore, periodic internal and external audits are undertaken and inputs
from these assessments are incorporated. The Bank’s information security and cyber security policies are reviewed and approved
annually by its board.

The
Bank has a 24x7 security operation centre for the monitoring and surveillance of information technology systems. The Bank’s data
centre and security operation center is ISO 27001 certified, and it has deployed a data leakage/loss prevention system with data protection
mechanisms for sensitive data exposure from the Bank’s endpoints, emails, and web gateways. The Bank periodically conducts cyber
maturity assessments with assistance from external experts to comprehensively assess the Bank’s cyber security posture and further
enhancement.

In
view of rapid digitization and growing cyber threats, it is critical to respond quickly and effectively when security incidents occur.
For incident response, the Bank has a dedicated cyber security incident response team that follows our incident response plan to respond
to security incidents. The incident response process covers preparation, prevention, detection and escalation, containment, investigation,
eradication, recovery, and post-incident analysis.

The
Bank conducts and participates in several cyber security attack simulation drills such as spear phishing drills on employees, Distributed
Denial of Service attack drills for Internet Service Providers, social engineering-based attacks on data center staff to gain physical
access etc. Business continuity and recovery drills are periodically conducted to assess the Bank’s ability and readiness to combat
disasters, to ensure continuity of critical business processes at an acceptable level and limit the impact of the disaster on people,
processes, and infrastructure. The Bank also conducts periodic tabletop exercises to assess its preparedness in case of a cyber incident,
coordination and communication with stakeholders.

During
fiscal 2024, the Bank did not identify any cyber security threats or incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely
to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.

87

Table of Contents

Governance

The Bank has an
information and cyber security governance framework specifying the leadership, organizational structure, and processes to manage cyber
security threats. The Bank’s cyber security governance encompasses management oversight at various levels with the ultimate responsibility
assumed by its Board of Directors. The information technology Strategy Committee of the board is responsible for ensuring that management
has processes in place designed to identify and evaluate cyber security risks to which the Bank is exposed to and implement processes
and programs to manage cyber security risks and mitigate cyber security incidents. The Bank has established a dedicated information security
group team under the chief information security officer, which is responsible for the Bank’s daily cyber/information risk management,
including managing dedicated cyber security teams in specialized areas such as the cyber security incident response team. Chief information
security officer and leadership of the information security group team provides quarterly updates to the information technology Strategy
Committee on the various key risk indicators associated with cyber security threats, cyber security programs and incidents summary. The
Bank’s chief information security officer has more than 25 years of rich experience in the technology domain of the banking industry
and has worked across technology domains of treasury, retail banking, finance, securities markets, internet and mobile platforms, call
center as well as branch operations, and technology back-office operations. Chief information security officer has managed the technology
governance & compliance function involving close interactions with the regulators. Furthermore, the Bank believes that members of
its information security group team possess appropriate cyber security experience and skills necessary to perform their responsibilities.
The information security group team is further provided, with periodic security trainings, workshops, and seminars to enhance the knowledge
and ensure upskilling.

Audit

The Internal Audit
Group, governed by a Group Audit Charter and Internal Audit Policy approved by the Board of Directors, provides independent, objective
assurance on the effectiveness of internal controls, risk management and corporate governance and suggests improvements. It helps us
accomplish our objectives by evaluating and improving the effectiveness of risk management, internal controls and governance processes,
through a systematic and disciplined approach. The Internal Audit Group acts as an independent entity and reports to the Audit Committee
of the Board.

The Internal Audit
Group maintains staff with sufficient knowledge, skills, experience and professional certifications. It deploys audit resources with
expertise in audit execution and adequate understanding of business activities. An assessment of the quality of assurance provided by
the Internal Audit Group is conducted through an independent external firm once every three years. The processes within the Internal
Audit Group are certified under ISO 9001-2015.

The Internal Audit
Group has adopted a risk based audit methodology in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The risk based audit methodology
is outlined in the Internal Audit Policy. An annual risk based audit plan is drawn up based on the risk-based audit methodology and is
approved by the Audit Committee of the Board. Accordingly, the Internal Audit Group undertakes a comprehensive audit of all branches,
business groups and other functions in accordance with the risk based audit plan. Resources required for implementing the risk based
audit plan are also approved by the Audit Committee.

The Internal Audit
Group also has a dedicated team responsible for information technology and information security (including cyber security) audits. The
annual audit plan covers various components of information technology including applications, infrastructure, information technology
governance/risk management and information technology general controls. Cyber security is a key focus area for audit, and activities
undertaken by the information security function are also subjected to audit.

88

Table of Contents

The Reserve Bank
of India requires banks to have a process of concurrent audits of risk sensitive areas identified as per specific business models. Centralized
Processing Centres are required to be under purview of concurrent audit. The coverage of branches/business areas under purview of concurrent
audit and scope of work to be entrusted to concurrent auditors are required to be approved by the Audit Committee. In adherence with
the requirements, the Internal Audit Group has put in place a systematic and structured approach for concurrent audit covering a review
of high risk financial transactions originated by domestic retail liability branches, throughout India. Additionally, domestic retail
liability branches having high volume of high risk financial transactions are under purview of separate concurrent audit. Various other
areas including treasury related functions and trade finance transactions are also under purview of concurrent audit. Concurrent audits
are also carried out at centralized and regional processing centers and at centralized operations units with a focus on areas that are
identified as needing transaction testing and also to test the existence of and adherence to internal controls. Some of the head office
functions are also under purview of continuous audit. The details of the concurrent audit coverage are outlined in the annual risk based
audit plan, approved by the Audit Committee.

The audit of overseas
banking subsidiaries and domestic non-banking subsidiaries is carried out by a dedicated team of resident auditors attached to the respective
subsidiaries/or by the internal audit team of the Bank. These audit teams functionally report to the Audit Committees of the respective
subsidiary and to the Internal Audit Group of the Bank. The audit of overseas branches and representative offices is carried out by audit
teams consisting of auditors from India as well as a resident auditor based at the Singapore branch. International operations outsourced
to India are audited by a team of internal auditors in India.

Legal and Regulatory Risk

We are involved
in various litigations and are subject to a wide variety of banking and financial services laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions
in which we operate. We are also subject to a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of these jurisdictions.
Any uncertainty as to the enforceability of the obligations of our customers and counter-parties, including the enforcement of collateral,
creates legal risk.

Changes in laws
and regulations could adversely affect us. Legal risk is higher in new areas of business where the law is often untested by the courts.
We seek to minimize legal risk by our Legal Group providing/reviewing legal documentation and advising on legal risks for our transactions,
products and services. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—We are involved in various litigations.
Any final judgment awarding material damages against us could have a material adverse impact on our future financial performance and
our stockholders’ equity”, “Risk Factors—Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector—The
enhanced supervisory and compliance environment in the financial sector increases the risk of regulatory action against us, whether formal
or informal.” and “—Legal and Regulatory Proceedings
”.

Risk Management
Framework for International Operations

We have adopted
a risk management framework for our international banking operations, including overseas branches, our International Financial Services
Centre Banking Unit and Offshore Banking Unit. Under the framework, the Bank’s credit, investment, asset liability management and
anti-money laundering policies apply to all the overseas branches, our International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit and Offshore
Banking Unit, with modifications to meet local regulatory or business requirements. These modifications may be made with the approval
of our Board of Directors or the committees designated by the Board of Directors. The overseas branches are governed by the overall bank-wide
policies. In addition, there are also branch level policies, frameworks, limits structure as appropriate Policies at the overseas banking
subsidiaries are approved by Board of Directors of the respective subsidiaries and are framed in consultation with the related groups
in the Bank as per the risk management framework.

89

Table of Contents

The Compliance
Group oversees regulatory compliance at the overseas branches, its International Financial Services Centre Banking Unit and Offshore
Banking Unit. Compliance risk assessment along with the key risk indicators pertaining to our domestic and overseas branches are presented
to the Risk Committee of our Board of Directors on a periodic basis. Management of regulatory compliance risk is considered as an integral
component of the governance framework at the Bank and its subsidiaries along with the internal control mechanisms.

Risk Management
in Certain Subsidiaries

ICICI Bank UK
PLC

ICICI
Bank UK PLC is exposed to key risks including credit, market, liquidity, operational, outsourcing, compliance, and reputation risks.

The Board
of Directors is responsible for oversight and control of the functioning of ICICI Bank UK PLC, approving major policies including the
risk management framework and risk appetite framework. The Bank has implemented Board-approved Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment and
Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment processes in compliance with regulatory requirements, maintaining adequate capital and liquidity
buffers.

Various
Executive Committees provide day-to-day oversight on key risks, with periodic monitoring at both Executive and Board/Board Committee
levels. All business activities are conducted within the approved risk appetite and policy framework.

ICICI Bank Canada

ICICI
Bank Canada faces risks such as credit, market, operational, structural interest rate, liquidity, compliance, and reputation risks. The
Bank has developed an Enterprise Risk Management Framework to identify, measure, and monitor these risks effectively.

The
Board of Directors has oversight on all risks and has established committees with specific mandates for oversight over the various risks.

The
Risk Committee of the Board has delegated the operational responsibility for credit risk, market risk and operational risk management
to the Management Credit Committee, Asset Liability Committee and Non-Financial Risk Committee respectively within the broad parameters
and limits laid down in the Enterprise Risk Management Framework and its various annexures (namely, Corporate and Commercial Credit and
Recovery Policy, Retail Credit Recovery Policy, Residential Mortgage Underwriting Policy, Market Risk Management Policy, Liquidity Management
Policy and Operational Risk Management Policy).

ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership

ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership is a primary dealer and has Government of India securities as a significant proportion of its portfolio. The Corporate
Risk Management Group at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership has developed comprehensive risk management policies which seek to manage
the risks generated by the activities of the organization. The Corporate Risk Management Group develops and maintains models to assess
market risks which are constantly updated to capture the dynamic nature of the markets. The Corporate Risk Management Group also participates
in the evaluation and introduction of new products and business activities.

90

Table of Contents

ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership has an internal Risk Management and Information Technology Strategy Committee which is chaired by an Independent Director
and comprises members of its Board of Directors. The Risk Management and Information Technology Strategy Committee is responsible for
analyzing and monitoring the risks associated with the different business activities of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership and overseeing
adherence to the risk and investment limits set by its Board of Directors.

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company

The risk governance
structure of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company consists of the Board, Board Risk Management Committee, Executive Risk Committee
and its supporting committees. The Board, on the recommendation of the Board Risk Management Committee, has approved the risk policy
which covers the identification, measurement, monitoring and control standards relating to various individual risks, namely investment
(market, credit and liquidity), insurance, reputation and operational (including legal, compliance, outsourcing, customer dissonance,
business continuity, information and cyber security) risks. The Board periodically reviews the potential impact of strategic risks such
as changes in macro-economic factors, government policies, regulatory environment and tax regime on the business plan of the ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company.

In addition to
these risks, the life insurance industry faces sustainability risks related to environmental, social and governance issues, including
climate change. The risk management framework of the ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company seeks to identify, measure and control its
exposures to all these risks within its overall risk appetite. Accordingly, sustainability risks, including climate-related risks are
integrated in the risk management framework of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company.

The risk policy
sets out the governance structure for risk management at ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company. The Board Risk Management Committee,
which consists of non-executive directors, formulates the risk management policy, including asset liability management, monitors all
risks across various lines of business and establishes appropriate systems to mitigate such risks. The Board Risk Management Committee
also defines ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company’s risk appetite, review its risk profile, oversees the effective operation
of the risk management system and advises the Board on key risk issues.

The Executive Risk
Committee, which comprises senior management, is responsible for assisting the Board and the Board Risk Management Committee in their
risk management duties by guiding, coordinating and overseeing compliance with the risk management policies and, in particular, is jointly
responsible along with the Product Management Committee for the approval of all new products launched by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company.

The risk management
model of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company comprises a four-stage continuous cycle, namely identification and assessment, measurement,
monitoring and control of risks. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company’s risk policy details the strategy and procedures adopted
to follow the risk management cycle at the enterprise level. A risk report detailing the key risk exposures faced by ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company and mitigation measures is placed before the Board Risk Management Committee on a quarterly basis.

ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company

ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited is principally exposed to risks arising out of the nature of business underwritten, credit and market risk
on its total investment assets as well as the credit risk it carries on its reinsurers. In respect of business risk, ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company seeks to diversify its insurance business across product classes, industry sectors and geographical regions with focus
on achieving a balance between the corporate and retail business mix to achieve favorable claim ratio and risk diversification. ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company has a risk retention and reinsurance policy. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company also has the ability
to limit its risk exposure by way of re-insurance and co-insurance arrangements.

91

Table of Contents

Investments of
the ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited are governed by the investment policy approved by its Board of Directors within the
norms stipulated by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India.

ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited also has various subcommittees to monitor risks and associated mitigations related to environmental social
and governance risks, product management risks, operational risks, market risks, outsourcing risks and other core risks. ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited continues to closely watch the evolving situation for appropriate risk mitigation and management.

Loan Portfolio

Our gross loan
portfolio increased by 15.6% from Rs. 11,095.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 12,830.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. At year-end
fiscal 2024, 91.0% of our gross loans were rupee loans. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Financial
Condition—Assets—Advances
”.

Collateral—Completion, Perfection
and Enforcement

Our loan portfolio
largely consists of corporate finance and working capital loans to corporate borrowers, loans to retail customers, including home loans,
automobile loans, commercial business loans, personal loans and credit card receivables and agricultural financing. Our unsecured loans
primarily include personal loans, credit card receivables and loans to higher-rated corporate borrowers. For loans which are secured,
we generally stipulate that the loans should be collateralized at the time of loan origination. However, it should be noted that obstacles
within the Indian legal system can create delays in enforcing collateral. See also
“Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our
Business—If the level of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates, our business
will suffer”
. In India, there are no regulations stipulating loan-to-collateral limits, except in the case of home loans and
loan against gold ornaments and jewellery.

Secured consumer loan
portfolio

Secured consumer
loans for the purchase of assets, such as mortgage loans and automobile loans are secured by the assets being financed (predominantly
property and vehicles).

Depending on the
type of borrower and the asset being financed, the borrower may also be required to contribute towards the cost of the asset. Accordingly,
the security value is generally higher than the loan amount at the date of loan origination.

For other secured
consumer loans, such as loans against property and property overdrafts, we generally require collateral of 125.0% of the loan amount
at origination.

92

Table of Contents

Commercial loans

The Bank generally
requires collateral at origination for commercial loans. We may also extend unsecured facilities in certain circumstances. Such circumstances
may include working capital limits outside consortium, short term requirements of the borrower, regulatory norms/restrictions on taking
security and facilities where adequate structural comforts are available to mitigate the envisaged credit risks and retail loans such
as credit cards and personal loans. We also provide unsecured loans to higher rated, well-established corporates. The collateral for
project and other corporate loans are usually immovable assets which are typically mortgaged in the Bank’s favor, or movable assets,
which are typically hypothecated or pledged in the Bank’s favor, except for projects such as road/airport and other concession
based projects. These security interests must be perfected by the registration of these interests within time limits stipulated under
the Companies Act with the Registrar of Companies pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 when borrowers are constituted
as companies. Security interests upon immovable property are generally required to be registered with the relevant Sub- Registrar in
terms of the Registration Act, 1908. This registration amounts to a constructive public notice of the security interests. We may also
take security of a pledge of financial assets like marketable securities, and obtain corporate guarantees and personal guarantees and
sponsors wherever appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to sponsor shareholding in the borrower
and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding. Covenants involving equity shares generally
have a top-up mechanism based on price triggers. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The value
of our collateral may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing our collateral when borrowers default on their obligations to
us which may result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing us to a potential loss
”.

The Bank generally
requires collateral value at 150.0% of the outstanding loan amounts for loans to real estate companies and lease rental discounting facilities.
Our lease rental discounting facility is a loan facility offered to borrowers where the loans are granted against confirmed future lease
rental payments to be received by the borrowers. Further, the Bank has also laid down limits for unsecured exposures which restrict the
exposure to unsecured facilities.

For working capital
facilities, the current assets of borrowers are generally taken as collateral. Each borrower is required to declare the value of current
assets periodically. The borrower’s credit limit is subject to an internally approved ceiling that applies to all borrowers.

Additionally, in
some cases, we may take further security on fixed assets, a pledge of financial assets like marketable securities, or obtain corporate
guarantees and personal guarantees of sponsors wherever appropriate. We also accept post-dated checks or cash (by way of term deposits
of the Bank duly lien marked in our favor) as additional comfort for the facilities provided to various entities. The Bank has an internal
framework for updating the collateral values of commercial loans on a periodic basis. In the case of lending under consortium banking
arrangement, a valuation report is obtained as per the timelines stipulated by the lead bank. The Bank is generally entitled, by the
terms of security documents, to enforce security and appropriate the proceeds towards the borrower’s loan obligations without reference
to the courts or tribunals unless a client makes a reference to such courts or tribunals to challenge such enforcement. As per the credit
policy of the Bank, we comply with the extant regulatory guidelines with respect to collateral valuation in the case of non-performing
accounts.

In case of consumer
installment loans, we obtain direct debit mandates or post-dated checks towards repayment on pre-specified dates. Post-dated checks,
if dishonored, may entitle us on occurrence of certain events to initiate quasi-criminal proceedings against the issuer of the checks.
We are also adopting online dispute resolution mechanism (entailing mediation, conciliation or arbitration or combination thereof administered
by an independent institution) for speedy resolution of claims and disputes of certain retail assets and services as an alternative to
approaching courts or tribunals. Such online dispute resolution mechanism and its continuing usage will be subject to changes in law
or court decisions.

93

Table of Contents

We recognize that
our ability to realize the full value of the collateral in respect of current assets is affected adversely by, among other things, delays
on our part in taking immediate action, delays in bankruptcy proceedings, defects in the perfection of collateral (including due to inability
to obtain approvals that may be required from various persons, agencies or authorities) and fraudulent transfers by borrowers and other
factors, including current legislative provisions or changes thereto and past or future judicial pronouncements. The value and time to
dispose the collateral could also be impacted by policy decisions. In addition, the Bank generally has a right of set-off for amounts
due to us on these facilities. The Bank generally requires its working capital loan customers to submit data on their working capital
position on a regular basis, so that we can take any actions required before the loan becomes impaired. On a case-by-case basis, we may
also stop or limit the borrower from drawing further credit from its facility.

Loan Pricing

Based on the guidelines
of the Reserve Bank of India, all rupee loans extended by Banks and credit limits renewed with effect from April 1, 2016 are required
to be priced with reference to marginal cost of funds based lending rate. As required by the guidelines, we publish the ICICI Bank marginal
cost of funds based lending rate for various tenures on a monthly basis.

The Reserve Bank
of India’s Master Direction – Interest Rate mandates banks to link all new floating rate personal or retail loans (e.g.,
housing loans or auto loans) and floating rate loans to micro, small and medium enterprises extended by banks to specified external benchmarks.
The interest rate of external benchmark linked floating rate loans shall be reset at least once in three months. For borrowers other
than retail and micro, small and medium enterprises, the Bank has the option to offer floating rate loans linked to external benchmark
or marginal cost of funds based lending rate. Currently, ICICI Bank links its external benchmark linked floating rate loans to the Reserve
Bank of India repo rate.

94

Table of Contents

Subsidiaries, Associates
and Joint Ventures

The following table
sets forth certain information relating to our subsidiaries, joint ventures and consolidated entities at year-end fiscal 2024.

Name   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership interest   Total income (1)   Net worth (2)   Total assets (3)
(in millions, except percentages)
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   January 1988   Private Equity/venture capital fund management   100.00   %   Rs.   1,054   Rs.   2,484   Rs.   3,081
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited (4)   February 1993   Securities investment, trading and underwriting   100.00   %   26,290   18,521   358,463
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited (4)   June 1993   Asset
management company for ICICI Prudential
Mutual Fund   51.00   %   37,612   28,828   35,541
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   June 1993   Trustee company for ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund   50.80   %   16   20   23
ICICI Securities Limited (4)   March 1995   Securities broking & Merchant Banking   74.73   %   50,498   38,927   255,876
ICICI International Limited   January 1996   Asset management   100.00   %   52   131   147
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   April 1999   Trusteeship Services   100.00   %   2   10   10
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited (4)   May 1999   Housing Finance   100.00   %   26,483   33,882   238,887
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   March 2000   Asset management and investment advisory   100.00   %   145   129   196
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. (4)(5)   June 2000   Holding company   100.00   %   1   132   133
ICICI Securities Inc. (4)(5)   June 2000   Securities Broking   100.00   %   230   397   473
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   July 2000   Life insurance   51.20   %   913,741   110,086 (6)   2,989,998
ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited (7)   October 2000   General insurance   51.27   %   308,683   129,500 (6)   633,083
ICICI Bank UK PLC   February 2003   Banking   100.00   %   11,840   28,147   183,763
ICICI Bank Canada   September 2003   Banking   100.00   %   19,330   28,044   361,002
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited (8)   April 2009   Pension fund management and Points of Presence   100.00   %   217   560   616
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited (9)   April 2005   Services related to back end operations   100.00   %   11,175   620   1,781
ICICI Strategic Investments Fund (10)   February 2003   Venture capital fund   100.00   %   Rs.   9   Rs.   130   Rs.   159

(1)   Total
                                            income represents gross income from operations and other income of the entity.

(2)   Net
                                            worth represents share capital/unit capital (in case of venture capital funds), share application
                                            money and reserves and surplus of the entity.

(3)   Total
                                            assets represent fixed assets, advances, investments and gross current assets (including
                                            cash and bank balances) of the entity.

(4)   Number
                                            as per respective entity Ind AS financial statements pursuant to migration to Ind AS by these
                                            entities.

(5)   ICICI
                                            Securities Holdings Inc. and ICICI Securities Inc. are a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI
                                            Securities Limited.

(6)   Includes
                                            share capital, share application money-pending allotment, securities premium and fair value
                                            reserve.

(7)   ICICI
                                            Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary
                                            of the Bank effective February 29, 2024.

(8)   ICICI
                                            Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI
                                            Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

(9)   I-Process
                                            Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the
                                            Bank effective March 20, 2024 and subsequently became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank
                                            effective March 22, 2024.

(10)   This
                                            entity has been consolidated as per Accounting Standard 21 – Consolidated Financial
                                            Statements.

95

Table of Contents

The following table
sets forth certain information on our affiliates whose results were included in the consolidated financial statements under Indian GAAP
at year-end fiscal 2024.

Name (1)   Year of formation   Activity   Ownership interest   Total income (2)   Net worth (3)   Total assets (4)
(in millions, except percentages)
NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited   June 2006   Education and training in banking, finance and insurance   18.79   %   Rs.   580   Rs.   219   Rs.   409
ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   July 2009   Merchant acquiring and servicing   19.01   %   5,938   7,466   9,918
India Infradebt Limited   October 2012   Infrastructure re-finance   42.33   %   20,313   32,300   229,817
India Advantage Fund-III   June 2005   Venture capital fund   24.10   %   275   629   912
India Advantage Fund-IV   August 2005   Venture capital fund   47.14   %   183   572   579
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   February 2007   Software company   19.98   %   Rs.   444   Rs.   422   Rs.   684

(1)   These
                                            entities have been accounted for as per the equity method as prescribed by AS 23 on ‘Accounting
                                            for Investments in Associates in Consolidated Financial Statements’.

(2)   Total
                                            income represents gross income from operations and other income of the entity.

(3)   Net
                                            worth represents share capital/unit capital (in case of venture capital funds) and reserves
                                            and surplus of the entity.

(4)   Total
                                            assets represent fixed assets, advances, investments and gross current assets (including
                                            cash and bank balances) of the entity.

96

Table of Contents

At year-end fiscal
2024, all of our subsidiaries and joint ventures were incorporated in India, except the following five companies:

·   ICICI
                                            Securities Holdings Inc., incorporated in the United States;

·   ICICI
                                            Securities Inc., incorporated in the United States;

·   ICICI
                                            Bank UK PLC, incorporated in the United Kingdom;

·   ICICI
                                            Bank Canada, incorporated in Canada; and

·   ICICI
                                            International Limited, incorporated in Mauritius.

ICICI
Securities Holdings Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities Inc. is a wholly owned
subsidiary of ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. and ICICI Securities Inc. are consolidated in ICICI
Securities Limited’s financial statements.

Technology

Technology organization

Dedicated technology
teams are responsible for the implementation and support of technology platforms and solutions used across various business functions.
There are specific technology verticals which are focused towards specialized technology functions such as core, data and intelligence,
customer engagement, employee engagement and federation. The technology infrastructure team is responsible for facilitating the technology
infrastructure across data centers, networks and cloud infrastructure. The Technology Management Group is a team which is responsible
for the technology strategy of the Bank including implementation of enterprise architecture. Our startup engagement and investment team
seeks to leverage innovation in the startup and technology ecosystem.

In fiscal 2024,
we continued to invested in key technology solutions which provide us with a competitive edge across business and operational capabilities.
From a business perspective, the priorities driving our technology focus include improving customers’ digital experiences across
various touch points and enabling sales and cross-selling of products and services with data serving as the foundation for informed decision-making
leading to the creation of comprehensive value propositions for customers. We are constantly upgrading and strengthening our technology
infrastructure with a goal to maintain a secure, stable and resilient infrastructure and improve operational efficiency. Business process
optimisation is occurring through adoption of intelligent automation platforms including robotic processes and Optical Character Recognition
capabilities which has enabled efficiency across business and operational functions. These have brought about faster turnaround time
as well as enabling increased capacity for handling transaction volumes and customer requirements. As part of our technology strategy,
we focus on creating an enterprise architecture framework across digital platforms, data and analytics, micro services-based architecture,
cloud computing, cognitive intelligence and other emerging technologies. This is based on the founding pillars of scalability, resilience
and security, and creating delightful and digitally native customer experiences to enable sustainable profitable growth. The key priorities
that dominate our technology requirements include our technology platforms, embedded banking, cloud adoption and data platforms and analytics.

97

Table of Contents

We have a dedicated
data science and analytics team that works across business areas on projects relating to business analytics, decision strategies, forecasting
models, machine learning, rule engines and performance monitoring. We maintain a comprehensive enterprise wide data warehouse and employ
statistical and modelling tools for leading-edge analytics.

In driving an innovation
and start-up mindset, we have set up an Innovation Centre to collaborate with and invest in fintech startups and co-develop products
aligned with the Bank’s digital roadmap. The engagements with the startups are focused on payments, digital lending, customer experience,
risk management and platforms.

Digital platforms and journeys
for retail customers

Our retail internet
banking platform and the iMobile Pay (mobile app) are designed to meet the overall needs of our customers. Our retail internet banking
interface offers adaptable features, while iMobile Pay's open architecture ensures seamless payments via the unified payments interface.
Security is paramount and is ensured through advanced encryption and multi-factor authentication methods.

The iMobile Pay
prioritizes accessibility with a user-friendly interface for easy navigation and access to over 400 services including account management,
fund transfers, bill payments, and investments. Additions to iMobile Pay encompass the launch of ‘My Investment Portfolio’,
featuring a dedicated section offering ICICI Bank customers a unified view of their investments. Furthermore, the introduction of iFinance
(powered by account aggregator) presents a comprehensive solution, accessible to all users across ICICI Bank's digital platforms, enabling
a consolidated view of all bank accounts in a single location. Our retail internet banking platform and iMobile Pay offer instant approvals
and disbursements for home loans, car loans, personal loans and credit cards. Digitized loan processing enables instant disbursement
for pre-approved customers. Video KYC empowers retail customers to complete the ‘Know Your Customer’ process via video interaction
within minutes and is available for 22 products, including re-KYC. ICICI Bank’s mobile app strategy aims to deliver a convenient,
secure and personalized banking experience.

iLens, ICICI Bank’s
lending solution, is an integrated loan processing platform for retail loans. It is an end-to-end digital lending platform covering the
entire loan life cycle, starting from onboarding to disbursement with the objective of providing superior transaction experience and
enhanced operational efficiency. During fiscal 2024, in addition to mortgage loans, personal loans and education loans were added on
the iLens platform. This is expected to further enable us to provide enhanced customer experience and increase our ability to capture
the entire customer ecosystem in a simplified, frictionless and digital manner, thereby creating value for the customers and the Bank.

Digital payments and partnerships

We have continued
to strengthen our efforts in creating a seamless digital journey with user-friendly experiences. Partnerships with technology companies
and platforms with large customer bases and operational excellence offer unique opportunities for growth and enhancing service delivery
and customer experience.

98

Table of Contents

FASTag is an electronic
toll collection system in India operated by the National Highways Authority of India through prepaid radio frequency identification tags.
We are one of the leading banks in electronic toll collection on highways through FASTag. We have not only pioneered the usage of FASTag
for toll payments at various national and state highway but also expanded the usage of FASTag for parking payments at airports, malls,
hospitals and tech parks across the country. ICICI Bank Fastag's auto-recharge feature ensures seamless toll payments by topping up the
prepaid account automatically when the balance is low, facilitating hassle-free commuting.

We have partnerships
such as with Amazon Pay, a leading global ecommerce company, and MakeMyTrip, a leading Indian online travel portal, Emirates Skywards
and others to offer co-branded credit cards. We offer these credit cards to both our customers as well as non-ICICI Bank account holders.
Amazon Pay credit cards continued to see healthy traction with over 4.9 million Amazon Pay credit cards issued as of year-end fiscal
2024. We aim to provide comprehensive solutions to the new-to-bank customers that have been acquired through Amazon Pay credit cards.
The growth in credit card transactions was driven by higher activation rate and effective portfolio management, facilitated by digital
customers onboarding processes.

Digital platforms and solutions
for rural customers

We use imagery
from observation satellites to measure an array of parameters related to the land, irrigation and crop patterns which is used in combination
with demographic and financial parameters to make expeditious lending decisions for farmers. This has helped in reducing the time for
credit assessment.

Technology in debt service
management

Our Debt Servicing
practice has been built on the core of leveraging on technology and advanced data analytics that enables us to reach Right Customer at
the Right Time using non-intrusive channel at an optimal cost. We collect over 40% of our early defaults through Machine Learning Technology
based risk models using contactless channel i.e. interactive voice bot, intelligent Interactive Voice Response and Short Messaging Service
in more than 13 languages. We have been using various digital payment solution that helps in collecting over 90% of payments digitally.
For our Rural portfolio we use satellite based images and data algorithms of crop growth to enhance the collection efficiencies and productivity.

Digital platforms and journeys
for business banking customers, small and medium enterprise customers, merchant ecosystem and ecommerce ecosystem

Our digital platform,
InstaBIZ, is a one-stop solution for all banking needs catering to small and medium enterprises, individuals, proprietors and merchants.
We have seen an increase in the engagement level of customers on the InstaBIZ app. In line with evolving trends of shift towards open
architecture, the InstaBIZ app is interoperable and is available to both ICICI Bank customers and non-ICICI Bank customers for multiple
solutions. Any customer can now open current account instantly through Know Your Customer Video (video KYC) in a seamless, paperless
manner. Through ‘InstaOD Plus’, customers of any bank can avail an overdraft up to Rs. 2.5 million instantly. Our customers
can activate the overdraft facility into their current account instantly, while customers of other banks can do so after opening of a
current account with us digitally. InstaBIZ offers the most comprehensive solutions specifically designed for merchants and retailers
through a dedicated section for merchants, ‘Merchant View’. Through the ‘iFinance’ feature, customers can link
their accounts at any bank to InstaBiz and view their account balance and statements in a single place. Customers can experience round-the-clock
trade solutions on InstaBIZ for all the export-import requirements. InstaBIZ has solutions for all the business banking needs eliminating
the need to manage different platforms for customers.

99

Table of Contents

Our Trade Online
platform allows customers to perform most of their trade finance and foreign exchange transactions, such as regularization of bill of
entry and export bills, accessing letters of credit and fixed deposit backed bank guarantees, accessing export credit, and facilitating
import and export bill collections digitally. With a view to meet the working capital requirements of exporters, we have launched Insta
Export Packing Credit, a digital solution, which offers instant export finance to customers. In fiscal 2024, the Bank enhanced its bank
guarantee offering by introducing Smart BG Assist. This makes the bank guarantee text creation process seamless by empowering the customers
with a do-it-yourself experience, providing real-time feedback.

Our APIs for trade
finance, a solution that establishes a direct communication channel by linking the customer’s enterprise resource planning and
the Bank’s internal systems for data and documents to flow in a secure and seamless manner. Trade APIs enable end-to-end encryption
of data and real-time updates. It helps in streamlining the flow of information from the customers’ ERP to the Bank’s systems.

Our strategy in
the merchant ecosystem space involves onboarding merchants through acquiring platforms or by providing them payment gateways and then
cross-selling other financial products and services seamlessly. Our “Merchant STACK” offers an array of banking and value-added
services to retailers, online businesses and large e-commerce firms. Current accounts for individuals and sole proprietors can now be
opened swiftly through the video KYC process. We have continued our investment efforts in enriching the product offerings for merchants
by introducing functionalities such as voice notification of quick response transactions on the Instabiz app, acceptance of Rupay credit
card on QR, customized settlement cycles and more. Merchants can also perform instant reconciliation by using the Connected Banking services,
which integrates banking with the merchants’ accounting system. The Merchant STACK also offers a digital store management feature
for invoicing, inventory and collections management.

The e-commerce
ecosystem lends significant opportunities for us to offer digital solutions to customers and merchants selling their goods through e-commerce
websites. Our ‘Cardless Equated Monthly Instalment facility enables our pre-approved customers to convert their transactions into
equated monthly installments at the check-out section of the e-commerce website or mobile application. Some key solutions offered to
e-commerce entities and their sellers include an overdraft facility, composite pay Application Programme Interfaces enabling payments
through various channels, foreign currency fixed deposit, working capital and easy payment solutions. For customers utilizing e-commerce
platforms, we offer solutions such as digital wallets, prepaid cards, co-branded credit cards, and instantaneous credit through the Bank's
PayLater solution.

Digital platforms and solutions
for corporate and institutional customers and their ecosystems

“ICICI STACK
for Corporates” offering comprehensive solutions to corporates and their ecosystem like channel partners, dealers, vendors, employees
and other stakeholders, thus bringing the full range of banking services to the customer. ICICI STACK for Corporates offers customized
services to companies in over 20 key industries and their entire ecosystem. Platforms offered to corporate customers as a part of ICICI
STACK for Corporates include Corporate Internet Banking, Trade Online and FX Online, and other platforms.

Trade Emerge, an
online platform for cross-border trade, is a one-stop solution for all the trade related needs of exporters and importers. It eliminates
the need for companies to coordinate with multiple touchpoints. Trade Emerge has also been integrated with Corporate Internet Banking
and InstaBIZ and Trade Online to ensure that all banking and other needs of exporters and importers are fulfilled inside the ICICI ecosystem.
During fiscal year 2023, we increased the scope of services being offered on Trade Emerge platform by partnering with service providers
who are industry leaders. These additional services include warehousing, inland logistics, logistics documentation and regulatory information.
We have also enabled instant and hassle free current account opening on Trade Emerge and have set up a dedicated phone banking team,
which will help us in catering to customer needs more quickly.

100

Table of Contents

Supply chain financing
is an integral part and a focus area towards deepening our coverage of the corporate ecosystem. Our wide range of supply chain and structured
trade products offers a one stop solution to corporate clients and their supply chain partners helping in optimizing their working capital
needs and increasing efficiencies in their ecosystem. These supply chain solutions are offered digitally through our platforms namely
OneSCF, FSCM, CorpConnect and DigitalLite, wherein corporates can seamlessly manage their supply chain requirements of payments, collection,
data reconciliation and customized dashboards in a convenient and paperless environment thereby bringing in efficiencies in the corporates
supply chain management. Our digital approving engine assess the credit eligibility of the corporate’s dealers and vendors for
credit through business rule engine, Goods and Services Tax returns, intelligent algorithm with automated bureau checks, dedupe checks.

Our treasury-trading
infrastructure has an internet protocol telephony based architecture. We have enhanced our existing process of automation in the treasury
business, thus reducing trading risks and enhancing market competitiveness. The iTreasury feature on our corporate internet banking platforms
offers a unified, intuitive, one-view dashboard to corporates to meet their treasury requirements.

Data Center and Disaster
Recovery System

We have a data
center at Hyderabad, which is designed to optimize energy efficiency and accommodate high server densities. We also have a co-located
data center which acts as a near site recovery point for critical systems in Hyderabad. We also have a disaster recovery data center
at Jaipur. We are also creating additional capacity through new data centers in Mumbai. We have developed business continuity plans,
which would help facilitate continuity of critical businesses in the event of a disaster. These plans are tested periodically and have
been prepared in line with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India and have been approved by our Board of Directors. The Bank
has also equipped itself with state-of-the-art infrastructure management systems which leverage Internet of Things based technology at
its data center for optimal utilization of energy and reduction of operational costs.

Competition

We face competition
in all our principal areas of business from Indian and foreign commercial banks, housing finance companies, non-banking financial companies,
new differentiated banks in the private sector such as payments banks and small finance banks, non-bank entities offering retail payments
and other services, mutual funds and investment banks. We seek to gain competitive advantage over our competitors by offering innovative
products and services, using technology, building customer relationships and developing a team of highly motivated and skilled employees.
We evaluate our competitive position separately in respect of our products and services for retail and corporate customers.

Commercial banks
in India meet the short-term financial needs, or working capital requirements, of industry, trade and agriculture, provide long-term
financing to sectors like infrastructure and provide retail loan products. At March 31, 2024, there were approximately 140 commercial
banks in the country.

Commercial Banking
Products and Services for Retail Customers

In the retail markets,
competition has traditionally been from foreign and Indian commercial banks, non-banking financial companies and housing finance companies.
In recent years, competition is also emerging from new types of banks that have entered the financial market such as small finance banks
and payments banks and non-bank entities offering payments and other services.

101

Table of Contents

Non-financial companies,
particularly international technology companies including large e-commerce players and internet-based service providers, are increasing
their presence in the financial sector and are offering payment platforms and select services. We are currently partnering with some
of these entities to jointly offer payment and credit products and services. Some or all of these entities, which have substantially
more resources than us and other Indian banks, may eventually seek a larger share of the banking and financial services market in India.
ICICI Bank is also undertaking various initiatives in developing a strong technology architecture such as a focus on platforms and digitization,
continuous investments in innovations and security features to be able to respond to the needs of customers with agility.

We seek to compete
in the retail market through a comprehensive product portfolio and effective distribution channels, which include digital channels, branches
and partnerships. We seek to build a localised understanding of market requirements through analytics and develop an efficient distribution
and resource allocation strategy. We offer a comprehensive suite of products and services to customers. These include savings, investment,
credit and protection products based on customer needs, along with convenient payment and transaction banking services. We continuously
strive to adopt a ‘Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank’ approach across all our businesses.

Commercial Banking
Products and Services for Agricultural and Rural Customers

In our commercial
banking operations for agricultural and rural customers, we face competition from public sector banks that have large branch networks
in rural India. Other private sector banks and non-banking finance companies have also increased their focus on rural markets. We also
face competition from specialized players such as rural-focused financial institutions and micro-finance companies. The Reserve Bank
of India has issued licenses to specialized small finance banks, which have higher directed lending targets compared to banks and will
compete in the rural and unorganized sectors. We seek to compete in this business based on our product strategy, capturing ecosystems,
technological capabilities and having multiple channels and an approach to holistically meet the financial needs of customers in this
segment.

Commercial Banking
Products and Services for Corporate Customers

We seek to compete
in this segment based on our service and prompt turnaround time that we believe are faster than public sector banks, as well as the improvement
in our funding base and optimization in our funding cost in recent years which enables us to participate profitably in higher rated corporate
credit. We seek to compete with the large branch networks of the public sector banks through our multi-channel distribution, ecosystem
branches and technology-driven delivery capabilities.

We compete with
foreign banks in cross-border trade finance based on our wider geographical reach in India relative to foreign banks and our technology-based
customized trade financing solutions enabling most transactions to be undertaken digitally. We have leverage our balance sheet size,
wider branch network, strong technological capabilities and our international presence to compete in treasury-related products and services.

Other private sector
banks also compete in the corporate banking market on the basis of efficiency, service delivery and technology. However, we believe that
our size, capital base, strong corporate relationships, wider geographical reach and ability to use technology to provide innovative,
value-added products and services provide us with a competitive edge.

102

Table of Contents

Commercial Banking
Products and Services for International Customers

In our international
operations, we face competition from Indian public sector banks with overseas operations, foreign banks with products and services targeted
at non-resident Indians and Indian businesses and other service providers such as remittance services. Foreign banks have become more
competitive in providing financing to Indian businesses leveraging their strength of access to lower cost foreign currency funds. We
are seeking to position ourselves as an Indian bank offering products and services focused on non-resident Indians, capturing the ecosystem
of multi-national corporates and India-linked trade and funds corridors with an extensive distribution network in India, to gain competitive
advantage. We seek to leverage our technology capabilities developed in our domestic businesses to offer convenience and efficient services
to our international customers. We also seek to leverage our strong relationships with Indian corporations in our international business.

Insurance and
Asset Management

Our insurance and
asset management businesses face competition from existing dominant public sector players as well as dominant private sector players.
We believe that our subsidiaries, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited
and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, have built strong product, distribution and risk management capabilities, achieving
strong market positions in their respective businesses. We believe that the ability to leverage ICICI Bank’s retail franchise and
distribution network is a key competitive advantage for our insurance and asset management subsidiaries.

Employees

At year-end fiscal
2024, we had 187,765 employees, including sales executives, employees on fixed term contracts and interns. Of these, ICICI Bank employed
141,009 employees at year-end fiscal 2024. Of our 187,765 employees at year-end fiscal 2024, 108,764 were professionally qualified, holding
degrees in management, accountancy, engineering, law, computer science, economics or banking. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective February 29, 2024. Accordingly, the number of employees
in fiscal 2024 is not comparable with the number of employees in fiscal 2023.

We dedicate a significant
amount of senior management time in ensuring that employees remain highly motivated and are aligned to the organization’s core
employee proposition. Employee compensation is linked to performance of the Bank and we encourage the involvement of our employees in
the overall performance and profitability of the Bank. Performance and succession planning systems have been instrumental in assisting
management in career development. Management believes that it has good working relationships with its employees.

ICICI Bank pays
performance-linked retention pay to its front-line employees and junior management and performance bonus to its middle and senior management.
Performance-linked retention pay aims to reward front-line and junior managers mainly on the basis of skill maturity attained through
experience and continuity in role which is a key differentiator for customer services. The Bank uses a higher proportion of variable
pay at senior levels and lower variable pay at front-line staff and junior management levels. The quantum of bonus for an employee does
not exceed a certain percentage of the total fixed pay in a year. Within this percentage, if the bonus exceeds a predefined limit, a
part of the bonus is deferred and paid over a period. Senior managers and employees in senior management are also given employee stock
options as variable pay. The deferred portion of variable pay pertaining to the assessment year or previous years (as defined in the
policy) is subject to malus, under which the Bank prevents vesting of all, part or none of the unvested variable pay in the event of
assessed divergence in the Bank’s provisioning for non-performing assets exceeding the prescribed threshold, in the event of a
reasonable evidence of deterioration in financial performance, in the event of gross misconduct and/or in the event of other acts as
mentioned in the policy. In such cases (other than assessed divergence), variable pay already paid out may also be subjected to claw
back arrangements, as applicable. See also “
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Employee
Stock Option Scheme
”.

103

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank has
training centers, where various training programs designed to meet the changing skill requirements of its employees are conducted. These
training programs include orientation sessions for new employees and management development programs for mid-level and senior executives.
The training centers regularly offer courses conducted by faculty, both national and international, drawn from industry, academia and
ICICI Bank’s own organization. Training programs are also conducted for developing functional as well as managerial skills. Products
and operations training are also conducted through web-based training modules. ICICI Bank has focused on providing blended learning solutions
to the employees. Digital and behavioral learning interventions have been introduced along with functional trainings (including on risk
and compliance) for various business groups in retail, wholesale, transaction banking and others. These programs are customized and presented
after detailed need analysis based on role, vintage and functions. The Bank has worked for creating a structure where every role under
each business unit has suitable learning programs.

In addition to
basic compensation, employees of ICICI Bank are eligible to receive loans from ICICI Bank at subsidized rates and to participate in its
provident fund and other employee benefit plans. See also “
Management—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Employee
Stock Option Scheme
”.

Properties

Our existing registered
office is located at ICICI Bank Tower, Near Chakli Circle, Old Padra Road, Vadodara 390 007, Gujarat, India. Our corporate headquarters
are located at ICICI Bank Towers, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400 051, Maharashtra, India. The Board of Directors at their Meeting held
on May 9, 2020 approved the shifting of registered office to its corporate headquarters. The Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting
held on August 14, 2020 also approved the shifting of registered office of the Bank.

ICICI Bank had
a domestic branch network consisting of 6,523 branches, 17,190 ATMs and cash recycler machines at March 31, 2024 compared to 5,900 branches,
16,650 ATMs and cash recycler machines at March 31, 2023. In addition to branches, extension counters and ATMs, ICICI Bank has 60 controlling
or administrative offices, including our registered office at Vadodara and our corporate headquarters at Mumbai, 66 processing centers
and 46 currency chests.

We also provide
residential facilities to employees in India. At March 31, 2024, we owned 488 apartments for providing residential facilities to our
employees.

Legal and Regulatory Proceedings

We are involved
in various litigations and are subject to a wide variety of banking and financial services laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions
in which we operate. We are also subject to a large number of regulatory and enforcement authorities in each of these jurisdictions.
We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and regulatory relationships in the ordinary course of our business, some of which have
resulted in penalties imposed on and paid by us in the past.

104

Table of Contents

Penalty imposed
by the Reserve Bank of India from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024.

·   Reserve
                                            Bank of India has, by an order dated October 17, 2023, imposed a monetary penalty of Rs.
                                            121.9 million on the Bank for three specifically observed acts/omissions leading to stated
                                            contravention of directions issued by the Reserve Bank of India. This penalty has been
                                            imposed in exercise of powers vested in the Reserve Bank of India has under the provisions
                                            of section 47A(1)(c) read with section 46(4)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949
                                            and emanates from statutory inspections for supervisory evaluation for fiscal 2020 and fiscal
                                            2021 for contravention of Section 20(1) of the Banking Regulation Act read with directions
                                            issued by Reserve Bank of India has on ‘Loans and Advances – Statutory and Other
                                            restrictions’, Section 6(2) and Section 8 of the Banking Regulation Act read with directions
                                            issued by the Reserve Bank of India has on ‘Financial Services provided by the Banks’,
                                            and non-compliance with the Reserve Bank of India has directions on ‘Frauds classification
                                            and reporting by commercial banks and select FIs’. The Bank has paid the penalty.

The Bank also adheres
to the anti-money laundering requirements as specified by the regulators of respective geographies. The Bank’s anti-money laundering
framework is subject to audit by the Internal Audit Department and their observations are reported to the Audit Committee at regular
intervals.

·   In
                                            October 2022, ICICI Bank’s New York Federal Branch (“New York Branch”)
                                            entered into a consent order with its federal banking supervisor, the Office of the Comptroller
                                            of the Currency, which required the New York Branch to enhance certain processes in its Bank
                                            Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering program, and establish and maintain an effective sanctions
                                            compliance program. The Consent Order did not involve any monetary penalty. The New York
                                            Branch is addressing corrective actions outlined in the Consent Order (CO) Action Plan as
                                            per committed timelines.

In addition, the
Bank received a notice dated July 17, 2023 from the Directorate of Enforcement for Adjudication proceedings under FEMA 1999 in connection
with the Show Cause Notice received in 2015 for Overseas Direct Investment transaction undertaken by a customer of the Bank (i.e. Aamby
Valley Limited - AVL) in 2010 and was directed to appear a personal hearing which was scheduled on August 21, 2023. During the hearing,
the legal counsel representing the Bank sought permission for inspection of documents/records relied upon by DOE, which was allowed,
following which written submissions would be made by the Bank. However, as no response was received from ED, the Bank’s counsel
also placed a formal request for inspection via letter dated September 28, 2023, which has been taken on DOE’s record, reserving
the right to file the written submission once inspection is complete. The Bank has not received any further communication from the ED
on this matter.

Contingent
tax liability

At year-end
fiscal 2024, our contingent tax liability was assessed at an aggregate of Rs. 103.5 billion (March 31, 2023: Rs. 82.5 billion), mainly
pertaining to income tax, service tax, goods and services tax and sales tax/value added tax demands by the Government of India’s
tax authorities for past years. We have appealed against each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with counsel and favorable
decisions in our own and other similar cases as set out below, management believes that the tax authorities are not likely to be able
to substantiate their tax assessments and, accordingly, we have not provided for these tax demands at year-end fiscal 2024. Disputed
tax issues that are classified as remote are not disclosed as contingent liabilities by us.

Of the contingent tax liability
of
Rs. 103.5 billion
(March 31, 2023: Rs. 82.5 billion)
:

   Rs. 83.2 billion (March 31,
2023: Rs. 72.4 billion) related to appeals filed by us or the tax authorities with respect to assessments mainly pertaining to income
tax and interest tax, where we were relying on favorable precedent decisions of the appellate authorities and opinions from counsel.
The key disputed liabilities were:

105

Table of Contents

·   Rs. 28.6 billion (March 31,
2023: Rs. 29.0 billion) related to whether interest expenses can be attributed to earning tax-exempt income. We believe that no interest
can be allocated as there are no borrowings earmarked for investments in shares/tax free bonds and our interest free funds are sufficient
to cover investments in the underlying tax free securities. We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the
appellate authorities in the Group’s own cases and other similar cases;

·   Rs. 15.6 billion (March 31,
2023: Rs. 15.0 billion) related to the disallowance of mark-to-market losses on derivative transactions treated by the tax authorities
as notional losses. We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities in the Group’s
own cases and other similar cases, which had allowed the deduction of mark-to-market losses from business income;

·   Rs. 7.0 billion (March 31, 2023:
Rs. 5.3 billion) related to disallowance of provision for operating expense by the tax authorities treating it as contingent in nature.
We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities in other similar cases;

·   Rs. 10.7 billion (March 31,
2023: Rs. 5.1 billion) related to the disallowance of interest paid on perpetual bonds as the tax authorities do not deem these as
borrowings and therefore the interest paid on these bonds has not been allowed as a deduction. We have relied on a favorable opinion
from legal counsel and past decision by the appellate authorities in the Group’s own case and other similar cases;

·   Rs. 6.3 billion (March 31, 2023:
Rs. 4.7 billion) related to the disallowance of depreciation claims on leased assets, due to treatment of the lease transactions as
loan transactions by the tax authorities. We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities
in the Group’s own case and other similar cases;

·   Rs. 4.0 billion (March 31, 2023:
Rs. 3.6 billion) related to the disallowance of written-off amounts for credit cards for claiming bad debt write-offs. It was disallowed
on the ground that the credit card business is neither a banking business nor pertaining to money lending and hence did not fulfill conditions
for claim of bad debt write-off. We have relied on a favorable opinion from counsel and past decision by the appellate authorities in
the Group’s own case and other similar cases;

·   Rs. 5.1 billion (March 31, 2023:
Rs. 3.4 billion) relates to interest on non-performing assets de-recognized as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines after 90 days.
Interest income is assessed to tax on the ground that tax provisions have 180 days limit as against 90 days followed by the Bank. We
have relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities in our own and other similar cases;

·   Rs. 1.0 billion (March 31, 2023:
Rs. 1.0 billion) related to taxability of amounts withdrawn from the special reserve. The Bank had maintained two special reserve accounts,
which included a special reserve created up to assessment year fiscal 1998. Withdrawals from the account were assessed as taxable by
the tax authorities for the assessment years fiscal 1999 to fiscal 2001. We have received favorable orders in respect of these assessment
years. However, the income tax authorities have preferred further appeal against the favorable orders;

106

Table of Contents

   Rs.
                                            19.1 billion (March 31, 2023: Rs. 8.9 billion) was in respect of service tax and goods and
                                            services tax matters which mainly pertain to the demands along with interest and penalty
                                            levied by respective tax authorities. The key disputed liabilities were:

·   Rs. 2.0 billion (March 31, 2023:
Rs. 2.1 billion) relates to disallowance of CENVAT credit on ATM interchange fees paid to acquiring banks and switching fee paid to
settlement agency on the basis of monthly statement and 100% penalty on the same. We have relied on favorable opinion from counsel;

·   Rs. 1.5 billion (March 31, 2023:
Rs. 1.5 billion) relates to service tax and interest on interchange fees received by us as an issuing bank. We have relied on favorable
opinion from counsel;

·   Rs. 1.0 billion (March 31, 2023:
Rs. 1.0 billion) relates to disallowance of CENVAT credit availed by the Bank on deposit insurance premium paid by the Bank to Deposit
Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (“ DICGC”). The Group has relied on a favourable opinion from counsel and
past decision by appellate authority in other similar cases;

·   Rs. 3.8 billion (March 31, 2023: 3.7 billion ) pertaining to ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited relates to disallowance of CENVAT credit in respect of services of re-insurance of motor insurance policies
and contesting the methodology of computation of CENVAT credit reversal. The Group has relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past
decision by appellate authorities in other similar cases;

·   Rs. 4.9 billion (March 31,2023: NIL) pertaining to ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited relates to show cause notice from DGGI (Directorate General of Goods and Services Tax Intelligence) towards denial of
input tax credit availed and utilized on certain expenses pertaining to advertisement and manpower services. The Group has relied on favorable
opinion from counsel.

107

Table of Contents

   Rs. 1.2 billion (March 31, 2023: Rs. 1.2 billion) pertained to sales tax/value added tax demand.
    The matters mainly relate to procedural issues like submission of statutory forms and adhoc additions in turnover. We have relied
    on favorable opinions from the counsels and decisions in own/other cases.

Based on judicial
precedents in our own and other cases, and upon consultation with the tax counsel, we believe that it is more likely that our tax position
will be sustained and accordingly, no provision has been made in the accounts.

The
above contingent liabilities do not include Rs. 141.1 billion (March 31, 2023: Rs. 34.9 billion), considered as remote. Of the total
disputed tax demands classified as remote, Rs. 92.1 billion pertains to the demand of inadvertently denied advance tax credit and incorrect
tax rate considered by tax authority for FY2021, Rs. 25.9 billion (March 31, 2023: Rs. 30.5 billion) pertained mainly to the deduction
of bad debts, broken period interest and levy of penalties which are covered by favorable Supreme Court of India decisions in own/other
cases, Rs. 19.0 billion pertains to non-payment of goods and services tax on co-insurance premium and re-insurance commission pertains
to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Rs. 4.1 billion (March 31, 2023: Rs. 3.6 billion) pertained to error requiring
rectification by tax authorities. Therefore, they were not required to be disclosed as contingent liability.

Litigation

A number of litigations
and claims against ICICI Bank and its directors are pending in various forums. The claims on ICICI Bank mainly arise in connection with
civil cases involving allegations of service deficiencies, property or labor disputes, fraudulent transactions, economic offences and
other cases filed in the normal course of business. We are also subject to counterclaims arising in connection with our enforcement of
contracts and loans. A provision is created where an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate
can be made. In view of the inherent unpredictability of litigation and for cases where the claim amount sought is substantial, the actual
cost of resolving litigations may be substantially different from the provision held.

108

Table of Contents

We held a total
provision of Rs. 918 million at year-end fiscal 2024 for 684 cases with claims totaling to Rs. 2.3 billion, where an unfavorable outcome
was deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate could be made.

For cases where
an unfavorable outcome is deemed to be reasonably possible but not probable, the amount of claims is included in contingent liabilities.
At year-end fiscal 2024, such claims amounted to a total of Rs. 3.8 billion relating to 46 cases. It was not possible to estimate the
possible loss or range of possible losses for these cases due to the nature of the cases and other external factors. For cases where
the possibility of an unfavorable outcome is deemed remote, we have not made a provision, nor have we included the amount of the claims
in these cases in contingent liabilities.

In some instances,
civil litigants have named our directors as co-defendants in legal proceedings against ICICI Bank. There were 426 such cases at year-end
fiscal 2024. Management believes, based on consultation with counsel, that the claims and counterclaims filed against us in the above
legal proceedings that are assessed as remote are frivolous and untenable and their ultimate resolution will not have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. Based on a review of other litigations by Legal Group, management
believes that the outcome of such other matters will also not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.

At year-end fiscal
2024, there were 146 ongoing litigations (including those where the likelihood of our incurring liability is assessed as “probable”,
“possible” and “remote”), each involving a claim of Rs. 10 million or more against us, with an aggregate amount
of Rs. 779.0 billion (to the extent quantifiable and including amounts claimed jointly and severally from us and other parties).

For proceedings
filed by the former Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer relating to her termination, see “
Risk Factors—Risks
that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector —The board of directors of the Bank has, pursuant to an independent
enquiry, taken action against the former Managing Director and CEO. In the event the Bank is found by any of the enquiries in the matter
by government and regulatory agencies to have violated applicable laws or regulations, the Bank could become subject to legal and regulatory
actions that may result in legal and reputation risk for the Bank.”

We cannot predict
the timing or form of any future regulatory or law enforcement initiatives, which we note are increasingly common for international banks,
but we would expect to co-operate with any such regulatory investigation or proceeding.

American Depository Receipt Fees
and Payments

Fees and Charges Payable
by Holders of our ADSs

The fees and charges
payable by holders of our ADSs include the following:

i)   a fee not in excess of US$ 5.00 per
                                            100 ADSs (or portion thereof) is charged for the issuance of ADSs including issuances resulting
                                            from distributions of shares, share dividends, share splits, bonuses and rights distributions;

109

Table of Contents

ii)   a fee not in excess of US$ 5.00 per
                                            100 ADSs (or portion thereof) is charged for the surrender of ADSs in exchange for the underlying
                                            deposited securities;

iii)   a fee not in excess of US$ 5.00
per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) is charged for distribution of cash dividends, cash entitlements and/or cash proceeds, including proceeds
from the sale of rights, securities and other entitlements; and

iv)   a fee for the distribution of
the deposited securities pursuant to the deposit agreement, such fee being an amount equal to the fee for the execution and delivery
of ADSs referred to in item (i) above which would have been charged as a result of the deposit of such securities, but which securities
were instead distributed by the depositary, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, to ADR holders.

Additionally, under
the terms of our deposit agreement, the depositary is entitled to charge each registered holder the following:

i)   taxes and other governmental charges
                                            incurred by the depositary or the custodian on any ADS or an equity share underlying an ADS
                                            including any applicable penalties thereon;

ii)   transfer or registration fees for
                                            the registration or transfer of deposited securities on any applicable register in connection
                                            with the deposit or withdrawal of deposited securities, including those of a central depository
                                            for securities (where applicable);

iii)   any cable, telex, facsimile transmission
                                            and delivery expenses incurred by the depositary; and

iv)   customary expenses incurred by the
                                            depositary in the conversion of foreign currency, including, without limitation, expenses
                                            incurred on behalf of registered holders in connection with compliance with foreign exchange
                                            control restrictions and other applicable regulatory requirements, together with all expenses,
                                            transfer and registration fees, taxes, duties, governmental or other charges payable by the
                                            depositary.

In the case of
cash distributions, fees are generally deducted from the cash being distributed. Other fees may be collected from holders of ADSs in
a manner determined by the depositary with respect to ADSs registered in the name of investors (whether certificated or in book-entry
form) and ADSs held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via DTC). In the case of distributions other than cash (i.e., stock dividends,
etc.), the depositary charges the applicable ADS record date holder concurrently with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered
in the name of the investor (whether certificated or in book-entry form), the depositary sends invoices to the applicable record date
ADS holders.

If any tax or other
governmental charge is payable by the holders and/or beneficial owners of ADSs to the depositary, the depositary, the custodian or the
Bank may withhold or deduct from any distributions made in respect of deposited securities and may sell for the account of the holder
and/or beneficial owner any or all of the deposited securities and apply such distributions and sale proceeds in payment of such taxes
(including applicable interest and penalties) or charges, with the holder and the beneficial owner thereof remaining fully liable for
any deficiency.

Fees and Other Payments
Made by the Depositary

Under
the amendment to an agreement previously entered into with the depositary, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the depositary pays
certain amounts to us and waives fees and expenses for services provided in exchange for the Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas acting
as the depositary for the ADR program. We may use these payments to cover annual expenses incurred by the Bank towards investor relations
or other expenses related to the ongoing maintenance of the ADR program. The amount of payment to us is tied to the amount of fees the
depository collects from ADR holders, with certain exceptions. The ADR program fee pertaining to fiscal 2024, which will be
received in fiscal 2025, is US$ 0.5 million.

110

Table of Contents

SELECTED STATISTICAL
INFORMATION

The following information
should be read together with our financial statements included in this report as well as “Management Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations”.

Average
Balance Sheet

The average balances
are the sum of daily average balances outstanding. The yield on average interest-earning assets is the ratio of interest earned to average
interest-earning assets. The cost of average interest-bearing liabilities is the ratio of interest expended to average interest-bearing
liabilities. The average balances of advances include non-performing advances and are net of allowance for loan losses. We have re-calculated
tax-exempt income on a tax-equivalent basis. Other interest income has been bifurcated into rupee and foreign currency amounts in order
to facilitate the explanation of movements of rupee and foreign currency spreads and margins. The rupee portion of other interest income
primarily includes interest on income tax refunds and income from swaps. The foreign currency portion of other interest income primarily
includes income from interest rate swaps in foreign currencies. These interest rate swaps are not part of our trading portfolio and are
undertaken by us to manage the market risk arising from our assets and liabilities.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the average balances of the assets and liabilities, which contribute to the major components of
interest earned, interest expended and net interest income.

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2024
Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Assets:
Advances:
Rupee   Rs.   7,343,983   Rs.   649,387   8.84%   Rs.   9,059,681   Rs.   844,091   9.32%   Rs.   11,017,318   Rs.   1,108,708   10.06%
Foreign currency   975,114   19,482   2.00   957,139   35,201   3.68   976,161   57,190   5.86
Total advances   8,319,097   668,869   8.04   10,016,820   879,292   8.78   11,993,479   1,165,898   9.72
Investments:
Investments in Government securities:
Rupee   2,925,123   184,713   6.31   3,591,054   238,048   6.63   4,471,598   316,780   7.08
Foreign currency   41,872   235   0.56   45,689   729   1.60   45,013   1,391   3.09
Total investment in Government securities   2,966,995   184,948   6.23   3,636,743   238,777   6.57   4,516,611   318,171   7.04
Other investments:
Rupee   633,746   33,384   5.27   632,296   37,070   5.86   875,898   57,784   6.60
Foreign currency   165,134   1,591   0.96   109,413   3,237   2.96   109,792   5,223   4.76
Total other investments   798,880   34,975   4.38   741,709   40,307   5.43   985,690   63,007   6.39
Total investments:
Rupee   3,558,869   218,097   6.13   4,223,350   275,118   6.51   5,347,496   374,566   7.00
Foreign currency   207,006   1,826   0.88   155,102   3,966   2.56   154,805   6,614   4.27
Total investments   3,765,875   219,923   5.84   4,378,452   279,084   6.37   5,502,301   381,180   6.93

111

Table of Contents

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2024
Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Other interest-earning assets:
Lending with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   398,765   14,858   3.73   140,278   6,486   4.62   35,360   2,249   6.36
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total lending with the Reserve Bank of India   398,765   14,858   3.73   140,278   6,486   4.62   35,360   2,249   6.36
Repo lending:
Rupee   49,439   1,635   3.31   72,448   4,022   5.55   95,537   6,494   6.80
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total repo lending   49,439   1,635   3.31   72,448   4,022   5.55   95,537   6,494   6.80
Deposits in other banks:
Rupee   42,636   2,522   5.92   56,179   3,676   6.54   88,682   6,336   7.14
Foreign currency   269,470   418   0.16   254,380   7,667   3.01   154,610   9,780   6.33
Total deposits in other banks   312,106   2,940   0.94   310,559   11,343   3.65   243,292   16,116   6.62
Other assets:
Rupee   661,740   10,220   1.54   724,431   7,887   1.09   792,694   6,236   0.79
Foreign currency   236,568   380   0.16   216,547   4,802   2.22   182,952   6,831   3.73
Total other assets   898,308   10,600   1.18   940,978   12,689   1.35   975,646   13,067   1.34
Total other interest-earning assets:
Rupee   1,152,580   29,235   2.54   993,336   22,071   2.22   1,012,273   21,315   2.11
Foreign currency   506,038   798   0.16   470,927   12,469   2.65   337,562   16,611   4.92
Total other interest-earning assets   1,658,618   30,033   1.81   1,464,263   34,540   2.36   1,349,835   37,926   2.81
Other interest income:
Rupee   32,441   16,892   7,886
Foreign currency   2,849   894   2,380
Total other interest income   35,290   17,786   10,266
Interest-earning assets:
Rupee   12,055,432   929,160   7.71   14,276,367   1,158,172   8.11   17,377,087   1,512,475   8.70
Foreign currency   1,688,158   24,955   1.48   1,583,168   52,530   3.32   1,468,528   82,795   5.64
Total interest-earning assets   13,743,590   954,115   6.94   15,859,535   1,210,702   7.63   18,845,615   1,595,270   8.46
Fixed assets   103,407   108,042   117,172
Other assets   2,097,041   2,260,812   2,422,172
Total non-earning assets   2,200,448   2,368,854   2,539,344
Total assets   Rs.   15,944,038   Rs.   954,115   Rs.   18,228,389   Rs.   1,210,702   Rs.   21,384,959   Rs.   1,595,270

112

Table of Contents

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2024
Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Liabilities:
Savings account deposits:
Rupee   Rs.   3,028,734   Rs.   95,390   3.15   Rs.   3,430,647   Rs.   108,593   3.17   Rs.   3,576,469   Rs.   113,510   3.17
Foreign currency   80,149   321   0.40   61,367   705   1.15   49,249   1,348   2.74
Total savings account deposits   3,108,883   95,711   3.08   3,492,014   109,298   3.13   3,625,718   114,858   3.17
Time deposits:
Rupee   5,094,105   236,169   4.64   5,735,631   277,636   4.84   7,266,625   453,667   6.24
Foreign currency   290,939   4,252   1.46   309,445   7,831   2.53   439,291   19,319   4.40
Total time deposits   5,385,044   240,421   4.46   6,045,076   285,467   4.72   7,705,916   472,986   6.14
Other demand deposits:
Rupee   1,055,999   1,210,898   1,369,772
Foreign currency   156,310   165,247   162,634
Total other demand deposits   1,212,309   1,376,145   1,532,406
Total deposits:
Rupee   9,178,838   331,559   3.61   10,377,176   386,229   3.72   12,212,866   567,177   4.64
Foreign currency   527,398   4,573   0.87   536,059   8,536   1.59   651,174   20,667   3.17
Total deposits   9,706,236   336,132   3.46   10,913,235   394,765   3.62   12,864,040   587,845   4.57
Long term borrowings:
Rupee   723,083   53,294   7.37   985,134   70,306   7.14   1,256,389   91,756   7.30
Foreign currency   389,810   9,678   2.48   309,409   10,848   3.51   283,052   14,500   5.12
Total long term borrowings   1,112,893   62,972   5.66   1,294,543   81,154   6.27   1,539,441   106,256   6.90
Short-term borrowings:
Borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   720   30   4.17   1,488   84   5.65   27,474   1,829   6.66
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India   720   30   4.17   1,488   84   5.65   27,474   1,829   6.66

113

Table of Contents

Year ended March 31,
2022   2023   2024
Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/cost   Average balance   Interest income/ expense   Average yield/ cost
(in millions, except percentages)
Repo borrowings:
Rupee   204,643   6,815   3.33   272,735   15,017   5.51   332,045   21,954   6.61
Foreign currency   5,676   167   2.94   6,996   258   3.69   4,492   306   6.81
Total repo borrowings   210,319   6,982   3.32   279,731   15,275   5.46   336,537   22,260   6.61
Other short term borrowings:
Rupee   101,520   4,904   4.83   128,586   8,266   6.43   178,801   13,743   7.69
Foreign currency   102,347   646   0.63   233,886   5,890   2.52   208,785   9,149   4.38
Total other short term borrowings   203,867   5,550   2.72   362,472   14,156   3.91   387,586   22,892   5.91
Short term borrowings:
Rupee   306,883   11,749   3.83   402,809   23,367   5.80   538,320   37,526   6.97
Foreign currency   108,023   813   0.75   240,882   6,148   2.55   213,277   9,455   4.43
Total short term borrowings   414,906   12,562   3.03   643,691   29,515   4.59   751,597   46,981   6.25
Total borrowings:
Rupee   1,029,966   65,043   6.32   1,387,943   93,673   6.75   1,794,709   129,282   7.20
Foreign currency   497,833   10,491   2.11   550,291   16,996   3.09   496,329   23,955   4.83
Total borrowings   1,527,799   75,534   4.94   1,938,234   110,669   5.71   2,291,038   153,237   6.69
Interest-bearing liabilities:
Rupee   10,208,804   396,602   3.88   11,765,119   479,902   4.08   14,007,575   696,459   4.97
Foreign currency   1,025,231   15,064   1.47   1,086,350   25,532   2.35   1,147,503   44,622   3.89
Total interest-bearing liabilities   11,234,035   411,666   3.66   12,851,469   505,434   3.93   15,155,078   741,082   4.89
Other liabilities   3,041,905   3,400,782   3,897,917
Total liabilities   14,275,940   411,666   16,252,251   505,434   19,052,995   741,082
Stockholders’ equity   1,668,098   1,976,138   2,331,964
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   Rs.   15,944,038   Rs.   411,666   Rs.   18,228,389   Rs.   505,434   Rs.   21,384,959   Rs.   741,082

_____________________

(1)   Previous period figures have been
re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period classification.

114

Table of Contents

Analysis
of Changes in Interest Earned and Interest Expended: Volume and Rate Analysis

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in the components of net interest income. The changes in net interest income between
periods have been reflected as attributed either to volume or rate changes. For the purpose of this table, changes which are due to both
volume and rate have been allocated solely to volume.

Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2024 vs. Fiscal 2023
Increase (decrease) due to   Increase (decrease) due to
Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate   Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate
(in millions)
Interest earned:
Advances:
Rupee   Rs.   194,704   Rs.   159,852   Rs.   34,852   264,617   197,275   67,342
Foreign currency   15,719   (661   )   16,380   21,989   1,136   20,853
Total advances   210,423   159,191   51,232   286,606   198,411   88,195
Investment:
Investment in Government securities:
Rupee   53,335   44,144   9,191   78,732   62,419   16,313
Foreign currency   494   61   433   662   (19   )   681
Total investment in Government securities   53,829   44,205   9,624   79,394   62,400   16,994
Other investments:
Rupee   3,686   (85   )   3,771   20,714   (84,588   )   105,302
Foreign currency   1,646   (1,649   )   3,295   1,986   28   1,958
Total other investments   5,332   (1,734   )   7,066   22,700   (84,560   )   107,260
Total investments:
Rupee   57,021   43,286   13,735   99,448   78,563   20,885
Foreign currency   2,140   (1,327   )   3,467   2,648   (8   )   2,656
Total investments   59,161   41,959   17,202   102,096   78,555   23,541
Other interest-earning assets:
Lending with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   (8,372   )   (11,952   )   3,580   (4,237   )   (6,678   )   2,441
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total lending with the Reserve Bank of India   (8,372   )   (11,952   )   3,580   (4,237   )   (6,678   )   2,441
Repo lending:
Rupee   2,387   1,277   1,110   2,472   1,568   904
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total repo lending   2,387   1,277   1,110   2,472   1,568   904

115

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2024 vs. Fiscal 2023
Increase (decrease) due to   Increase (decrease) due to
Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate   Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate
Deposits in other banks:
Rupee   1,154   886   268   2,660   2,320   340
Foreign currency   7,249   (455   )   7,704   2,113   (6,321   )   8,434
Total deposits in other banks   8,403   431   7,972   4,773   (4,001   )   8,774
Other assets:
Rupee   (2,333   )   683   (3,016   )   (1,651   )   546   (2,197   )
Foreign currency   4,422   (444   )   4,866   2,029   (1,249   )   3,278
Total other assets   2,089   239   1,850   378   (703   )   1,081
Other interest-earning assets:
Rupee   (7,164   )   (3,538   )   (3,626   )   (756   )   380   (1,136   )
Foreign currency   11,671   (930   )   12,601   4,142   (6,552   )   10,694
Total other interest earning assets   4,507   (4,468   )   8,975   3,386   (6,172   )   9,558
Other interest income:
Rupee   (15,549   )   ..   (15,549   )   (9,006   )   ..   (9,006   )
Foreign currency   (1,955   )   ..   (1,955   )   1,486   ..   1,486
Other interest income   (17,504   )   ..   (17,504   )   (7,520   )   ..   (7,520   )
Total interest earned:
Rupee   229,012   199,600   29,412   354,303   276,218   78,085
Foreign currency   27,575   (2,918   )   30,493   30,265   (5,424   )   35,689
Total interest earned   256,587   196,682   59,905   384,568   270,794   113,774
Interest expense:
Savings account deposits:
Rupee   13,203   12,722   481   4,917   4,787   130
Foreign currency   384   (216   )   600   643   (331   )   974
Total savings account deposits   13,587   12,506   1,081   5,560   4,456   1,104
Time deposits:
Rupee   41,467   31,053   10,414   176,031   95,551   80,480
Foreign currency   3,579   468   3,111   11,488   5,708   5,780
Total time deposits   45,046   31,521   13,525   187,519   101,259   86,260
Total deposits:
Rupee   54,670   43,775   10,895   180,948   100,338   80,610
Foreign currency   3,963   252   3,711   12,131   5,377   6,754
Total deposits   58,633   44,027   14,606   193,079   105,715   87,364
Borrowings:
Long term borrowings:
Rupee   17,012   18,702   (1,690   )   21,450   19,843   1,607
Foreign currency   1,170   (2,819   )   3,989   3,652   (1,338   )   4,990
Total long term borrowings   18,182   15,883   2,299   25,102   18,505   6,597
Borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India:
Rupee   54   43   11   1,745   1,730   15
Foreign currency   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total borrowings under liquidity adjustment facility with the Reserve Bank of India   54   43   11   1,745   1,730   15

116

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2023 vs. Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2024 vs. Fiscal 2023
Increase (decrease) due to   Increase (decrease) due to
Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate   Net change   Change in average volume   Change in average rate
Repo borrowings:
Rupee   8,202   3,749   4,453   6,937   3,932   3,005
Foreign currency   91   49   42   48   (170   )   218
Total repo borrowings   8,293   3,798   4,495   6,985   3,762   3,223
Other short term borrowings:
Rupee   3,362   1,740   1,622   5,477   3,862   1,615
Foreign currency   5,244   3,313   1,931   3,259   (1,096   )   4,355
Total other short term borrowings   8,606   5,053   3,553   8,736   2,766   5,970
Short term borrowings:
Rupee   11,618   5,532   6,086   14,159   9,524   4,635
Foreign currency   5,335   3,362   1,973   3,307   (1,266   )   4,573
Total short term borrowings   16,953   8,894   8,059   17,466   8,258   9,208
Total borrowings:
Rupee   28,630   24,160   4,470   35,609   29,315   6,294
Foreign currency   6,505   1,620   4,885   6,959   (2,596   )   9,555
Total borrowings   35,135   25,780   9,355   42,568   26,719   15,849
Total interest expended:
Rupee   83,300   67,935   15,365   216,557   129,653   86,904
Foreign currency   10,468   1,872   8,596   19,090   2,781   16,309
Total interest expended   93,768   69,807   23,961   235,647   132,434   103,213
Net interest income:
Rupee   145,712   131,665   14,047   137,746   146,565   (8,819   )
Foreign currency   17,107   (4,790   )   21,897   11,175   (8,205   )   19,380
Total net interest income   Rs.   162,819   Rs.   126,875   Rs.   35,944   148,921   138,360   10,561

Investment portfolio

Maturity
profile wise yields on debt securities

The following table
sets forth, at the date indicated, the maturity profile wise yields of our investments in debt securities classified as available-for-sale.
This maturity profile is based on repayment dates and does not reflect re-pricing dates of floating rate investments.

At
    March 31, 2023   At
    March 31, 2024
Up
    to one year   One
    to five years   Five
    to ten years   More
    than ten years   Up
    to one year   One
    to five years   Five
    to ten years   More
    than ten years
Corporate debt securities   7.5%   7.3%   6.9%   6.4%   7.7%   7.4%   8.4%   8.2%
Government securities   6.7   6.7   7.3   7.7   7.0   6.9   7.7   7.3
Other securities   7.8   8.5   8.4   8.4   8.5   8.7   8.5   8.6
Total debt securities 1   6.9%   7.2%   7.3%   7.7%   7.3%   7.3%   8.3%   7.8%

___________________

(1)   Includes securities denominated
in different currencies.

(2)   Maturity profile is based on residual
maturity from the balance sheet date.

(3)   Previous period figures have been
re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period classification.

117

Table of Contents

The following table
sets forth, at the date indicated, the maturity profile-wise yields of our investments in debt securities classified as held-to-maturity.
This maturity profile is based on repayment dates and does not reflect re-pricing dates of floating rate investments.

At
    March 31, 2023   At
    March 31, 2024
Up
    to one year   One
    to five years   Five
    to ten years   More
    than ten years   Up
    to one year   One
    to five years   Five
    to ten years   More
    than ten years
Corporate debt securities   7.0%   7.1%   7.6%   7.7%   6.7 %   7.6 %   7.6 %   7.4 %
Government securities   7.0   6.8   7.4   7.6   7.1   6.7   7.3   7.2
Other securities   7.8   ..   ..   ..   7.7   ..   ..   ..
Total debt securities 1   7.1%   6.8%   7.4%   7.6%   7.1%   6.9%   7.4%   7.2%

(1)   Includes
                                            securities denominated in different currencies.

(2)   Maturity
                                            profile is based on residual maturity from the balance sheet date.

(3)   Previous
                                            period figures have been re-grouped/re-classified where necessary to conform to current period
                                            classification.

Investment
portfolio of our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries

The following table
sets forth a summary of the investment portfolio of our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries based on the category of investments.

At March 31
Category   2023   2024
(in millions)
Bonds
Banks and financial institutions   Rs.   19,460   Rs.   25,672
Corporate   43,284   49,648
Total bonds   62,744   75,320
Asset backed securities   ..   ..
Others (1)   5,341   5,422
Total   Rs.   68,085   Rs.   80,742

(1)   Includes
                                            investments in certificates of deposits.

Investment in India-linked
securities of corporate entities (These include corporate entities originated in India or group companies of corporate entities originated
in India) was
47.4
% of total corporate bonds at year-end fiscal 2024
as compared to 50.0% at year-end fiscal 2023.

The investments
in these securities are governed by the respective investment policies of ICICI Bank and its banking subsidiaries. To mitigate significant
concentrations in credit risk, the investment policy lays down a number of limits that need to be adhered to before investments can be
made. The investment policy lays down rating and issuer wise investment limits at each of these units. Further, there are counterparty
limits for individual banks and financial institutions. Country exposure limits have also been established for various countries. In
addition, ICICI Bank monitors the credit spread risk arising out of such investments, and ICICI Bank UK PLC has instituted credit spread
sensitivity limits on its portfolio. Any exceptions to these limits are made with due approvals from the appropriate forums. ICICI Bank
has not bought credit protection against any of its international investments.

118

Table of Contents

Investments
in corporate and financial sector debt securities by our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries

The following table
sets forth, at the date indicated, investments in corporate and financial sector debt securities and mortgage and asset backed securities
by our overseas branches and banking subsidiaries by region and the mark-to-market and realized losses thereon.

At March 31, 2024

Bonds
(1),(2)

Others

Total

Trading

Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity

Trading

Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity

Trading

Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity

Mark-to-market gain/ (loss) in fiscal 2024

Realized gain/(loss)/ Impairment loss in income statement for fiscal 2024

Mark-to-market gain/ (loss) at March 31, 2024

(Rs. in millions)

U.S.

..

3,032

..

..

..

3,032

(11
)

(5
)

(235
)

Canada

..

20,945

..

..

..

20,945

..

..

Europe

..

78

..

..

..

78

35

(7
)

(8
)

India

..

49,226

..

..

..

49,226

546

(482
)

(26
)

Rest of Asia

..

1,322

..

5,422

..

6,744

(10
)

..

(38
)

Others

..

717

..

..

..

717

..

..

..

Total portfolio

..

75,320

..

5,422

..

80,742

560

(494
)

(307
)

(1)   Includes bonds classified under loans and
                                            receivable by our UK subsidiary including those transferred in fiscal 2009 from investment
                                            to loans and receivables pursuant to Accounting Standard Board issuing amendments to FRS
                                            26 – ‘Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement’ which permitted
                                            reclassification of financial assets in certain circumstances from ‘held-for-trading’
                                            and ‘available-for-sale categories’ to the ‘loans and receivables’
                                            category.

(2)   Includes corporate bonds classified under
                                            loans and receivables by our Canadian subsidiary.

At March 31, 2023
Bonds (1),(2)   Others   Total
Trading   Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity   Trading   Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity   Mark-to-market gain/ (loss) in fiscal 2023   Realized gain/(loss)/ Impairment loss in income statement for fiscal 2023   Mark-to-market gain/ (loss) at March 31, 2023
(Rs. in millions)
U.S.   ..   3,468   ..   ..   ..   3,468   (103   )   7   (221   )
Canada   ..   18,229   ..   ..   ..   18,229   ..   1   ..
Europe   ..   754   ..   ..   ..   754   (7   )   ..   (43   )
India   163   38,817   ..   ..   163   38,817   (450   )   (363   )   (486   )
Rest of Asia   ..   1,313   ..   5,341   ..   6,654   (5   )   (11   )   (27   )
Total portfolio   163   62,581   ..   5,341   163   67,922   (565   )   (374   )   (777   )

(1)   Includes
                                            bonds classified under loans and receivable by our UK subsidiary including those transferred
                                            in fiscal 2009 from investment to loans and receivables pursuant to Accounting Standard Board
                                            issuing amendments to FRS 26 – ‘Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement’
                                            which permitted reclassification of financial assets in certain circumstances from ‘held-for-trading’
                                            and ‘available-for-sale categories’ to the ‘loans and receivables’
                                            category.

(2)   Includes
                                            corporate bonds classified under loans and receivables by our Canadian subsidiary.

119

Table of Contents

Funding

Our funding operations
are designed to ensure stability of funding, minimize funding costs and effectively manage liquidity. Our primary source of domestic
funding is deposits raised from both retail and corporate customers. We also raise funds through short-term rupee borrowings, refinance
borrowings and domestic or overseas bond offerings. Our domestic bond borrowings include long-term bond borrowings for financing infrastructure
projects and affordable housing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. See also “Business
—Overview of
Our Products and Services—Commercial Banking for Retail Customers—Retail Deposits”.

Maturity
profile of deposits

The following table
sets forth, at the date indicated, the contractual maturity profile of deposits, by type of deposit at March 31, 2024.

Up to one year   After one year and within three years   After three years   Total
(in millions)
Interest-bearing deposits:
Savings deposits (1)   Rs.   4,060,887   ..   ..   Rs.   4,060,887
Time deposits   6,268,361   1,723,964   394,402   8,386,727
Non-interest-bearing deposits:
Other demand deposits (1)   1,988,185   ..   ..   1,988,185
Total deposits   Rs.   12,317,434   Rs.   1,723,964   Rs.   394,402   Rs.   14,435,800

(1)   Savings
                                            and other demand deposits are payable on demand and hence are classified in the ‘Up
                                            to one year’ category.

The following table
sets forth, at the date indicated, the contractual maturity profile of deposits, by type of deposit at March 31, 2023.

Up to one year   After one year and within three years   After three years   Total
(in millions)
Interest-bearing deposits:
Savings deposits (1)   Rs.   3,848,299   ..   ..   Rs.   3,848,299
Time deposits   4,341,123   1,827,859   432,713   6,601,695
Non-interest-bearing deposits:
Other demand deposits (1)   1,658,328   ..   ..   1,658,328
Total deposits   Rs.   9,847,750   Rs.   1,827,859   Rs.   432,713   Rs.   12,108,322

(1)   Savings
                                            and other demand deposits are payable on demand and hence are classified in the ‘Up
                                            to one year’ category.

The maturity profile
in fiscal 2024 shows a shift towards shorter-term maturities as compared to fiscal 2023. The shift is mainly due to shift in our peak
retail term deposits interest rate offering from longer term deposits of three years and above to medium term deposits of 15 months to
two years, as well as increase in wholesale term deposits of shorter maturities, reflecting our strategy of reducing the duration of
our liabilities.

120

Table of Contents

Uninsured deposits

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the estimated amount of time deposits that exceed the insurance limit, segregated
by remaining maturity and the estimated amount of total deposits that are otherwise uninsured:

At March 31, 2024
3 months or less   Over 3 months through 6 months   Over 6 months through 12 months   Over 12 months   Total
Uninsured time deposits   (in millions)
India   Rs.   1,982,011   Rs.   1,181,139   Rs.   2,346,825   Rs.   1,687,351   Rs.   7,197,326
Outside India   82,916   32,824   39,219   11,580   166,539
Total uninsured time deposits   Rs.   2,064,927   Rs.   1,213,963   Rs.   2,386,044   Rs.   1,698,931   Rs.   7,363,865

At March 31, 2023
3 months or less   Over 3 months through 6 months   Over 6 months through 12 months   Over 12 months   Total
Uninsured time deposits   (in millions)
India   Rs.   1,395,233   Rs.   823,917   Rs.   1,494,583   Rs.   1,801,960   Rs.   5,515,693
Outside India   40,410   31,385   40,918   38,278   150,991
Total uninsured time deposits   Rs.   1,435,643   Rs.   855,302   Rs.   1,535,501   Rs.   1,840,238   Rs.   5,666,684

Total
uninsured deposits at March 31, 2024 were Rs. 11,284,612 million and at March 31, 2023 were Rs. 9,314,637 million.

The
classification between “in India” and “outside India” is based on the domicile of the booking unit. In India,
the insured deposit calculations are based on guidelines prescribed by Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation. The insured
amount limit prescribed by Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation is up to a maximum amount of Rs. 500,000 per depositor
(included all type of deposits), per insured bank. The standard insurance amount for time deposits outside India is based on the insurance
limits approved by the regulator in the respective foreign jurisdiction. The insurance coverage is allocated first to savings account
deposits, then to current account deposits and lastly to time deposits of a depositor. For time deposits, the highest residual maturity
buckets are considered for allocation of insurance coverage.

121

Table of Contents

Risk Management

Asset liability
gap

The following table
sets forth, at the date indicated, our asset-liability gap position.

At March 31, 2024 (1)
Less than or equal to one year   Greater than one year and up to five years   Greater than five years   Total
(in millions)
Advances (loans), net   Rs  10,820,538   Rs     1,687,195   Rs.   100,029   Rs.   12,607,762
Investments   1,506,324   1,854,689   4,910,611   8,271,625
Other assets (2)   903,051   117,291   1,608,499   2,631,474
Total assets   13,229,913   3,659,175   6,621,773   23,510,861
Capital   ..   .   2,561,438   2,561,438
Borrowings   1,212,171   607,997   254,112   2,074,280
Deposits   8,055,617   6,365,844   14,339   14,435,800
Other liabilities (3)   8,975   1,393   4,558,744   4,569,112
Total liabilities   9,276,763   6,975,234   7,388,633   23,640,630
Total gap before risk management positions   3,953,150   (3,316,059   )   (766,861   )   (129,769   )
Off-balance sheet positions (4)   (235,047   )   202,846   38,304   6,103
Total gap after risk management positions   Rs.   3,718,103   Rs.   (3,113,213   )   Rs.   (728,557   )   Rs.   (123,666   )

(1)   Includes
                                            investments in the nature of equity, cash and cash equivalents and miscellaneous assets and
                                            liabilities. Assets and liabilities are classified into the applicable categories based on
                                            residual maturity or re-pricing whichever is earlier. Classification methodologies are generally
                                            based on asset liability management guidelines, including behavioral studies, as per local
                                            policy/regulatory norms of the entities. Items other than current and savings account deposits
                                            that neither re-price nor have a defined maturity are included in the ‘greater than
                                            five years’ category. Fixed assets (other than leased assets) have been excluded from
                                            the above table. Current and savings account deposits are classified based on behavior study.

(2)   Includes
                                            cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and
                                            short notice and other assets.

(3)   Includes minority interest, liabilities on policy in force, and other liabilities and provisions.

(4)   Off-balance
                                            sheet positions comprises net notional amount of derivatives, including foreign exchange
                                            forward contracts.

At March 31, 2023 (1)
Less than or equal to one year   Greater than one year and up to five years   Greater than five years   Total
(in millions)
Advances (loans), net   Rs.   9,282,075   Rs.   1,453,703   Rs.   102,885   Rs.   10,838,663
Investments   1,283,292   1,403,243   3,708,985   6,395,520
Other assets (2)   794,512   124,827   1,325,773   2,245,112
Total assets   Rs.   11,359,879   Rs.   2,981,773   Rs.   5,137,643   Rs.   19,479,295
Capital   ..   ..   2,144,978   2,144,978
Borrowings   1,032,692   584,913   273,013   1,890,618
Deposits   5,611,378   6,481,420   15,523   12,108,321
Other liabilities (3)   27,686   1,259   3,412,042   3,440,987
Total liabilities   6,671,756   7,067,592   5,845,556   19,584,904
Total gap before risk management positions   4,688,123   (4,085,819   )   (707,914   )   (105,610   )
Off-balance sheet positions (4)   (179,307   )   285,840   (114,413   )   (7,880   )
Total gap after risk management positions   Rs.   4,508,816   Rs.   (3,799,979   )   Rs.   (822,327   )   Rs.   (113,490   )

(1)   Includes
                                            investments in the nature of equity, cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances
                                            with banks and money at call and short notice and miscellaneous assets and liabilities. Assets
                                            and liabilities are classified into the applicable categories based on residual maturity
                                            or re-pricing whichever is earlier. Classification methodologies are generally based on asset
                                            liability management guidelines, including behavioral studies, as per local policy/regulatory
                                            norms of the entities. Items other than current and savings account deposits that neither
                                            re-price nor have a defined maturity are included in the ‘greater than five years’
                                            category. Fixed assets (other than leased assets) have been excluded from the above table.
                                            Current and savings account deposits are classified based on behavior study.

(2)   Includes
                                            cash and balances with the Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and
                                            short notice and other assets.

(3)   Includes
                                            minority interest, liabilities on policy in force, and other liabilities and provisions.

(4)   Off-balance
                                            sheet positions comprises net notional amount of derivatives, including foreign exchange
                                            forward contracts.

122

Table of Contents

Loan portfolio
– by fixed or variable interest rate

The following table
sets forth, at the date indicated, the amount of our loans with residual contractual maturities greater than one year that had fixed
and variable interest rates.

At March 31, 2024
Fixed rate loans   Variable rate loans   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   101,895   1,519,433   1,621,328
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   2,143,200   3,901,921   6,045,121
Lease financing   —   —   —
Total loans with maturity greater than 1 year   Rs.   2,245,095   Rs.   5,421,354   Rs.   7,666,449

At March 31, 2023
Fixed rate loans   Variable rate loans   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   111,986   Rs.   1,420,577   Rs.   1,532,563
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   1,412,339   3,352,737   4,765,076
Lease financing   33   ..   33
Total loans with maturity greater than 1 year   Rs.   1,524,358   Rs.   4,773,314   Rs.   6,297,672

Impact of
interest rate movement

The following table
sets forth, using the balance sheet at year-end fiscal 2024 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of adverse changes in
interest rates on net interest income for fiscal 2025, assuming a parallel shift in the yield curve at year-end fiscal 2024.

At March 31, 2024
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
(100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Rupee portfolio   Rs.   (36,258   )   Rs.   (18,129   )   Rs.   18,129   Rs.   36,258
Foreign currency portfolio   (1,139   )   (569   )   569   1,139
Total   Rs.   (37,396   )   Rs.   (18,698   )   Rs.   18,698   Rs.   37,396

Based on our asset
and liability position at year-end fiscal 2024, the sensitivity model shows that net interest income from the banking book for fiscal
2024 would rise by Rs. 37 billion if interest rates increased by 100 basis points. Conversely, the sensitivity model shows that if interest
rates decreased by 100 basis points, net interest income for fiscal 2024 would fall by an equivalent amount of Rs. 37 billion.

123

Table of Contents

The following table
sets forth, using the balance sheet at year-end fiscal 2023 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of adverse changes in
interest rates on net interest income for fiscal 2024, assuming a parallel shift in the yield curve at year-end fiscal 2023.

At March 31, 2023
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
(100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Rupee portfolio   Rs.   (38,337   )   Rs.   (19,169   )   Rs.   19,169   Rs.   38,337
Foreign currency portfolio   (1,737   )   (869   )   869   1,737
Total   Rs.   (40,075   )   Rs.   (20,037   )   Rs.   20,037   Rs.   40,075

Based on our asset
and liability position at year-end fiscal 2023, the sensitivity model showed that net interest income from the banking book for fiscal
2023 would rise by Rs. 40 billion if interest rates increased by 100 basis points. Conversely, the sensitivity model showed that if interest
rates decreased by 100 basis points, net interest income for fiscal 2023 would fall by an equivalent amount of Rs. 40 billion. Sensitivity
analysis, which is based upon static interest rate risk profile of assets and liabilities, is used for risk management purposes only
and the model above assumes that during the course of the year no other changes are made in the respective portfolios. Actual changes
in net interest income will vary from the model.

Price Risk (Trading
Book)

The following table
sets forth, using the fixed income portfolio at year-end fiscal 2024 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in
interest rates on the value of our fixed income held-for-trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in interest rate curve.

At March 31, 2024
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Rupee
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Indian government securities   Rs.   467,097   Rs.   21,441   Rs.   10,784   Rs.   (10,772   )   Rs.   (21,411   )
Rupee corporate debt securities   322,838   4,778   2,397   (2,392   )   (4,772   )
Total   Rs.   789,935   Rs.   26,219   Rs.   13,181   Rs.   (13,164   )   Rs.   (26,183   )

At March 31, 2024
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Foreign currency
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Foreign government securities   Rs.   33,139   Rs.   38   Rs.   19   Rs.   (19   )   Rs.   (38   )
Foreign corporate debt securities   334   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   Rs.   33,473   Rs.   38   Rs.   19   Rs.   (19   )   Rs.   (38   )

The following table
sets forth, using the fixed income portfolio at year-end fiscal 2023 as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in
interest rates on the value of our fixed income held-for-trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in interest rate curve.

124

Table of Contents

At March 31, 2023
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Rupee
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Indian government securities   Rs.   270,091   Rs.   4,667   Rs.   2,344   Rs.   (2,323   )   Rs.   (4,630   )
Rupee corporate debt securities   112,437   1,620   815   (810   )   (1,613   )
Total   Rs.   382,528   Rs.   6,287   Rs.   3,159   Rs.   (3,133   )   Rs.   (6,243   )

At March 31, 2023
Change in interest rates (in basis points) – Foreign currency
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Foreign government securities   Rs.   38,802   Rs.   53   Rs.   26   Rs.   (26   )   Rs.   (53   )
Foreign corporate debt securities   483   1   ..   ..   (1   )
Total   Rs.   39,285   Rs.   54   Rs.   26   Rs.   (26   )   Rs.   (54   )

Value at
risk on equity shares (Proprietary trading book)

ICICI Bank computes
value-at-risk using historical simulation model for limit monitoring purposes. The value-at-risk is calculated using the previous one-year
market data at a 99% confidence level and a holding period of one day.

The following table
sets forth the high, low, average and period-end value-at-risk for the equities portfolio of the proprietary trading group of ICICI Bank
for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024.

Rs. in million
Fiscal
    2023   At
    March 31, 2023   Fiscal
    2024   At
    March 31, 2024
High   Low   Average   High   Low   Average
Value-at-risk   149.0   0.0   34.0   0.0   111.7   0.7   56.6   60.8

We monitor the
effectiveness of the value-at-risk model by regularly back-testing its performance. Statistically, we would expect to see hypothetical
losses in the treasury portfolio in excess of value-at-risk only 1% of the time over a one-year period. During fiscal 2024, there were
two instances of hypothetical loss exceeding the value-at-risk estimates for the equities portfolio of the proprietary trading group.

The following table
sets forth a comparison of the hypothetical daily profit/(loss), computed on the assumption of no intra-day trading, and value-at-risk
calculated using the historical simulation model during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024.

Rs.
    in million
Fiscal 2023   At
    March 31, 2023   Fiscal 2024   At March 31, 2024
Average   Average
Hypothetical daily profit(loss)   (0.1)   0.0   6.0   37.6
Value-at-risk   34.0   0.0   56.6   60.8

125

Table of Contents

The high and low
hypothetical daily profit/(loss) in the equity portfolio of Proprietary trading book during fiscal 2024 was Rs. 210.9 million and Rs.
(115.7) million respectively.

While value-at-risk
is an important tool for measuring market risk under normal market conditions, it has inherent limitations that should be taken into
account, including its inability to accurately predict future losses when extreme events are affecting the markets, because it is based
on the assumption that historical market data is indicative of future market performance. Moreover, different value-at-risk calculation
methods use different assumptions and hence may produce different results, and computing value-at-risk at the close of the business day
would exclude intra-day risk. There is also a general possibility that the value-at-risk model may not fully capture all the risks present
in the portfolio.

Derivative
and Foreign Exchange Risk (Trading)

The following table
sets forth, using the outstanding notional principal of trading derivatives and foreign exchange portfolio at year-end as the base, one
possible prediction of the impact of changes in interest rates on the value of our trading derivatives and foreign exchange portfolio,
assuming a parallel shift in interest rate curve.

At March 31, 2024
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
Portfolio Size (1)   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Interest rate derivatives   Rs.   35,484,180   Rs.   (13,461   )   Rs.   (6,740   )   Rs.   6,733   Rs.   13,466
Currency derivatives (2)   3,383,481   607   303   (303   )   (607   )
Foreign exchange   15,524,964   64   32   (32   )   (64   )
Total   Rs.   54,392,625   Rs.   (12,790   )   Rs.   (6,405   )   Rs.   6,398   Rs.   12,795

1.   Notional
                                            principal

2.   Includes
                                            futures, options and cross currency interest rate swaps

At March 31, 2023
Change in interest rates (in basis points)
Portfolio Size (1)   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Interest rate derivatives   Rs.   30,733,302   Rs.   (13,657   )   Rs.   (6,828   )   Rs.   6,828   Rs.   13,656
Currency derivatives (2)   1,661,178   1,176   588   (588   )   (1,176   )
Foreign exchange   14,512,948   (3   )   (2   )   2   3
Total   Rs.   46,907,428   Rs.   (12,484   )   Rs.   (6,242   )   Rs.   6,242   Rs.   12,483

1.   Notional
                                            principal

2.   Includes
                                            futures, options and cross currency interest rate swaps

The following table
sets forth the possible prediction of the impact of change in foreign exchange rates on the value of the net open position of the Group.

At March 31, 2024
Change in forex rates on the value of the net open position (in basis points)
Net open position   (100)   100
(in millions)
Total open position for the Group   Rs.   3,202   Rs.   14,938   Rs.   4,562

126

Table of Contents

At March 31, 2023
Change in forex rates on the value of the net open position (in basis points)
Net open position   (100)   100
(in millions)
Total open position for the Group   Rs.   6,221   Rs.   3,862   Rs.   492

Credit spread
risk

The following table
sets forth, using our held-for-trading portfolio at year-end as the base, one possible prediction of the impact of changes in credit
spreads on the value of the trading portfolio, assuming a parallel shift in credit spreads.

At March 31, 2024
Change in credit spread (in basis points)
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   323,172   Rs.   4,778   Rs.   2,397   Rs.   (2,392   )   Rs.   (4,772   )

At March 31, 2023
Change in credit spread (in basis points)
Portfolio Size   (100)   (50)   50   100
(in millions)
Corporate debt securities   Rs.   112,920   Rs.   1,621   Rs.   815   Rs.   (810   )   Rs.   (1,614   )

127

Table of Contents

Loan Concentration

We follow a policy
of portfolio diversification and evaluate our total financing exposure to a particular industry in the light of our forecasts of growth
and profitability for that industry. ICICI Bank’s policy is to limit its portfolio to any particular industry (other than retail
loans) to 15.0% of its total exposure. In addition, we have a framework for managing concentration risk with respect to single borrower
and group exposures, based on the internal rating and track- record of the borrowers. See also
-“Risk Management
—
Credit
Risk”.
 The exposure limits for lower rated borrowers and groups are substantially lower than the regulatory limits.

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, the composition of our gross advances.

At March 31,
2023   2024
Amount   As a %   Amount   Amount   As a %
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance (1)   Rs.   6,013,563   54.2%   Rs.   7,134,223   US$   85,604   55.6%
Rural finance   902,084   8.1   1,055,767   12,668   8.2
Services—finance   804,240   7.2   693,862   8,326   5.4
Wholesale/retail trade   448,962   4.0   607,814   7,293   4.7
Real Estate Activities   329,418   3.0   397,804   4,773   3.1
Roads, port, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   329,564   3.0   373,597   4,483   2.9
Services—non finance   245,057   2.2   343,519   4,122   2.7
Manufacturing products (excluding metal)   173,477   1.6   202,656   2,432   1.6
Electronics & engineering   154,612   1.4   189,624   2,275   1.5
Construction   178,219   1.6   175,076   2,101   1.4
Iron and steel (including iron and steel products)   162,007   1.5   168,313   2,020   1.3
Crude petroleum/ refining & petrochemicals   137,118   1.2   147,864   1,774   1.2
Textile   124,967   1.1   138,931   1,667   1.1
Power   188,950   1.7   138,308   1,660   1.1
Gems & jewellery   91,060   0.8   123,017   1,476   1.0
Others (2)   811,656   7.3   940,085   11,279   7.3
Gross advances (loans)   11,094,954   100.0%   12,830,460   153,953   100.0%
Allowance for advances (loan) losses   (256,291   )   (222,698   )   (2,672   )
Net advances (loans)   Rs.   10,838,663   Rs.   12,607,762   US$   151,281

(1)   Includes
                                            home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, dealer financing and personal loans,
                                            credit cards, two wheeler loans and loans against securities.

(2)   Primarily
                                            include developer financing portfolio, mining, cement, drugs and pharmaceuticals, shipping,
                                            metal and metal products (excluding iron and steel), food & beverages, chemicals and
                                            fertilizers, automobiles and fast moving consumer goods.

128

Table of Contents

Our capital allocation
is focused on building a granular portfolio and sustainably improving our portfolio quality. Gross retail finance advances increased
by 18.6% in fiscal 2024 compared to an increase of 15.6% in total gross advances in fiscal 2024. As a result, retail finance increased
from 54.2% of gross loans at year-end fiscal 2023 to 55.6% of gross loans at year-end fiscal 2024.

At year-end fiscal
2024, our 20 largest borrowers accounted for 6.0% of our gross loan portfolio, with the largest borrower accounting for 1.3% of our gross
loan portfolio. The largest group of companies under the same management control accounted for 1.5% of our gross loan portfolio at year-end
fiscal 2024.

At year-end fiscal
2024, our exposure to largest single counterparty accounted for 10.0% of our applicable Tier I capital fund and the exposure to largest
group of connected counterparties accounted for 32.0% of our applicable Tier I capital fund.

Maturity profile of
loans

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the maturity profile of loans net of allowance for losses.

March 31, 2024
Due within 1 year   Due between 1 to 5 year   Due between 5 to 15 years   Due in more than 15 years   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   3,451,657   Rs.   1,105,331   Rs.   490,892   Rs.   25,105   Rs.   5,072,985
Consumer loans   Rs.   1,489,622   Rs.   2,996,428   Rs.   2,146,488   Rs.   902,205   Rs.   7,534,743
Lease financing   34   —   —   —   34
Total   Rs.   4,941,313   Rs.   4,101,759   Rs.   2,637,380   Rs.   927,310   Rs.   12,607,762

129

Table of Contents

March 31, 2023
Due within 1 year   Due between 1 to 5  year   Due between 5 to 15 years   Due in more than 15 years   Total
(in millions)
Commercial loans   Rs.   2,951,977   Rs.   1,017,840   Rs.   512,516   Rs.   2,207   Rs.   4,484,540
Consumer loans   1,588,996   2,100,469   1,714,291   950,316   6,354,072
Lease financing   18   33   ..   ..   51
Total   Rs.   4,540,991   Rs.   3,118,342   Rs.   2,226,807   Rs.   952,523   Rs.   10,838,663

Directed Lending

The Reserve Bank
of India requires banks to lend to certain sectors of the economy. Such directed lending comprises priority sector lending and export
credit. ICICI Bank is required to comply with the priority sector lending requirements prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India from time
to time. As prescribed in the Reserve Bank of India guideline, the Bank’s priority sector lending achievement is computed on quarterly
average basis. During fiscal 2024, the Bank purchased Priority Sector Lending Certificates amounting to Rs. 1,097.3 billion (fiscal 2023:
Rs. 716.5 billion) and sold Priority Sector Lending Certificates amounting to Rs. 880.6 billion (fiscal 2023: Rs. 741.3 billion). See
also
“Supervision and Regulation—Regulations Relating to Advancing Loans—Directed Lending—Priority Sector
Lending”.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, ICICI Bank’s average priority sector lending and includes the impact of
Priority Sector Lending Certificate purchased/sold by the Bank:

Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2024
Amount   % of adjusted net bank credit   Amount   % of adjusted net bank credit   Target (% of adjusted net bank credit)
(in billions, except percentages)
Agriculture Sector   Rs.   1,423.6   17.74%   Rs.   1,739.9   US$   20.9   18.13%   18.00%
- Small and marginal farmers   794.7   9.90   1,041.4   12.5   10.85%   10.00%
- Non-corporate farmers   1,068.2   13.31   1,378.2   16.5   14.36%   13.78%
Micro, small and medium enterprises   1,729.0   ..   2,100.0   25.2   —   —
- Micro enterprises   661.2   8.24   792.7   9.5   8.26%   7.50%
Other priority sector   178.3   ..   102.3   1.2   —   —
Total priority sector lending   Rs.   3,330.9   41.50%   Rs.   3,942.3   US$   47.3   41.07%   40.0%
- Weaker sections   Rs.   910.2   11.34%   Rs.   1,157.2   US$   13.9   12.05%   12.0%

The priority sector
lending master circular issued by the Reserve Bank of India requires that banks having any shortfall in lending to priority sector shall
be allocated amounts for contribution to the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund established with National Bank for Agriculture and
Rural Development and other Funds as decided by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. The Bank may be required by the Reserve
Bank of India to deposit with the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund and other related funds, certain amounts as specified by the
Reserve Bank of India in the coming year due to the shortfall in the above-mentioned sub-categories of priority sector lending targets.
At year-end fiscal 2024, our total investment in funds of government sponsored development banks due to shortfall in lending to priority
sectors was Rs. 200.9 billion, which was fully eligible for consideration in overall priority sector achievement.

130

Table of Contents

Export Credit

The Reserve Bank
of India requires banks to make loans to exporters at concessional interest rates, as part of directed lending. Export credit is provided
for pre-shipment and post-shipment requirements of exporter borrowers in rupees and foreign currencies. Export credit in the agriculture,
micro, small and medium enterprises sectors is permitted to be categorized as priority sector lending. Additionally, the Export credit
is extended as priority sector lending basis the classification criteria specified by the Reserve Bank of India. The interest income
earned on export credits is supplemented through fees and commissions earned from these exporter customers from other fee-based products
and services taken by them from us, such as foreign exchange products and bill handling. As at March 31, 2024, ICICI Bank’s export
credit was Rs. 140.1 billion, which amounted to 1.39% of the Bank’s adjusted net bank credit.

Non-performing loans

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, gross (net of write-offs, interest suspense and derivatives income reversal) non-performing loans
by borrowers’ industry or economic activity and as a percentage of total non-performing loans.

At March 31,
2023   2024
Amount   As a percentage of non-performing loans   Amount   Amount   As a percentage of non-performing loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance (1)   Rs.   76,738   24.6%   Rs.   87,612   US$   1,051   31.3%
Rural finance   37,294   11.9   42,550   511   15.2
Construction   51,538   16.5   40,403   485   14.4
Crude petroleum/ refining and petrochemicals   25,066   8.0   16,876   203   6.0
Electronics and engineering   12,705   4.1   12,557   151   4.5
Mining   11,781   3.8   11,957   143   4.3
Services—non finance   12,402   4.0   11,828   142   4.2
Roads, ports, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   12,727   4.1   9,773   117   3.5
Wholesale/retail trade   7,908   2.5   8,560   103   3.1
Iron/steel and products   5,236   1.7   4,661   56   1.7
Power   22,044   7.1   4,444   53   1.6
Gems & jewellery   4,028   1.3   3,031   36   1.1
Manufacturing products (excluding metal)   5,827   1.9   902   11   0.3
Other Industries (2)   27,176   8.5   24,454   293   8.8
Gross non-performing loans (3)   Rs.   312,470   100.0%   Rs.   279,608   US$   3,355   100.0%
Aggregate provision for loan losses   (254,507   )   (221,249   )   2,655
Net non-performing loans   Rs.   57,963   Rs.   58,359   US$   700

(1)   Includes
                                            home loans, commercial business loans, rural loans, automobile loans, business banking, credit
                                            cards, personal loans, loans against securities and dealer financing portfolio.

(2)   Other
                                            industries primarily include developer financing portfolio, automobiles, cement, shipping,
                                            food and beverages, chemical and fertilizers, textile, drugs and pharmaceuticals, metal and
                                            products (excluding iron and steel) services – finance and fast moving consumer goods.

131

Table of Contents

See
“Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects—Executive Summary—Certain Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations—Trends in fiscal 2024
”.

Restructured
loans

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, gross restructured loans by borrowers’ industry or economic activity and as a percentage of
total gross restructured loans.

At March 31,
2023   2024
Amount   As a percentage of restructured loans   Amount   Amount   As a percentage of restructured loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail finance   Rs.   44,643   85.0%   Rs.   30,531   US$   366   85.6%
Power   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Roads, port, telecom, urban development & other infrastructure   2,793   5.3   2,635   32   7.4
Construction   1,599   3.0   1,607   19   4.5
Others (1)   3,479   6.7   907   11   2.5
Gross restructured loans   Rs.   52,514   100.0%   Rs.   35,680   US$   428   100.0%
Aggregate provision for loan losses   (1,779   )   (1,443   )   (17   )
Net restructured loans   Rs.   50,735   Rs.   34,237   US$   411

(1)   Others
                                            primarily include automobile, textiles, food and beverages, wholesale/retail trade, services-non
                                            finance, manufacturing products (excluding metal) and gems and jewellery.

(2)   In
                                            addition, the Bank holds general provision amounting to Rs. 9.0 billion at year-end fiscal
                                            2024 (year-end fiscal 2023: Rs. 12.8 billion) on these restructured loans, subject to minimum
                                            provisioning requirement as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

Key ratios-Asset
quality

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, our key ratios on asset quality.

At or for the year ended March 31,
2023   2024
(Rs. in millions, except percentages)
Gross restructured loans as a percentage of gross loans   0.47%   0.28%
-Gross restructured loans   52,514   35,680
-Total gross loans   11,094,954   12,830,460
Gross non-performing loans as a percentage of gross loans   2.82   2.18
-Gross non-performing loans   312,470   279,608
-Total gross loans   11,094,954   12,830,460
Net restructured loans as a percentage of net loans   0.47   0.27
-Net restructured loans   50,735   34,237
-Total net loans   10,838,663   12,607,762
Net non-performing loans as a percentage of net loans (1)   0.53   0.46
-Net non-performing loans   57,963   58,359
-Total net loans   10,838,663   12,607,762
Provision on restructured loans as a percentage of gross restructured loans (2)   3.39   4.04
-Provision on restructured loans   1,779   1,443
-Gross restructured loans   52,514   35,680
Provision on non-performing loans as a percentage of gross non-performing loans   81.45   79.13
-Provision on non-performing loans   254,507   221,249
-Gross non-performing loans   312,470   279,608
Provision as a percentage of gross loans (3)   4.08%   3.31%
-Provisions   452,185   425,095
-Total gross loans   11,094,954   12,830,460

(1)   Includes
                                            loans identified as non-performing/impaired in line with the guidelines issued by regulators
                                            of the respective subsidiary.

(2)   In
                                            addition, the Bank holds 25% general provision on restructured assets (including general
                                            provision required as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India).

(3)   Includes
                                            general provision on standard assets.

Net loan
write-offs and Provision on non-performing loans

The table presents
net loan write-offs and percentage of average loans for the periods indicated.

March 31, 2023   March 31, 2024
Average loan portfolio   Net loan charge-offs 1   % of average gross loans   Net loan charge-offs 1   % of average gross loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Commercial loans   Rs.   8,287   0.20%   Rs.   9,543   0.20%
Consumer loans   19,076   0.31   35,991   0.51
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total loans   Rs.   27,363   0.27%   Rs.   45,534   0.38%

(1)   Net
                                            loan write offs is the difference between gross loan write-offs and recoveries from written-off
                                            amounts.

Net
loan write-offs as a percentage of our average total loan portfolios were 0.38% in the fiscal 2024 as compared to 0.27% in the fiscal
2023.

132

Table of Contents

The following table
shows an allocation of the Group’s total provision on non-performing loans and the percentage of loans in each category to total
gross loans for the periods indicated.

March 31, 2023   March 31, 2024
Amount   % of loans in each category to total gross loans   Amount   % of loans in each category to total gross loans
(in millions, except percentages)
Commercial loans   189,176   39.6%   145,022   40.7%
Consumer loans   65,331   60.4   76,227   59.3
Lease financing   ..   0.0   ..   0.0
Total loans   254,507   100%   221,249   100%

133

Table of Contents

Operating and
Financial Review and Prospects

You should read
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial
statements. The following discussion is based on our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes prepared in accordance
with Indian GAAP, which varies in certain significant respects from U.S. GAAP. For a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’
equity to U.S. GAAP, a description of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and certain additional U.S. GAAP information,
see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements included herein.

Executive Summary

Introduction

We are a diversified
financial services group offering a wide range of banking and financial services to corporate and retail customers through a variety
of delivery channels. Apart from banking products and services, we offer life and general insurance, asset management, securities broking
and private equity products and services through specialized subsidiaries. Our consolidated total assets at year-end fiscal 2024 were
Rs. 23,640.63 billion. Our consolidated capital and reserves and surplus including employees’ stock options outstanding at
year-end fiscal 2024 were Rs. 2,561.4 billion and our consolidated net profit (after minority interest) for fiscal 2024 was Rs. 442.6
billion.

Our primary business
consists of commercial banking operations for retail and corporate customers. Our commercial banking operations for retail customers
consist of retail lending, deposit taking, distribution of insurance and investment products and other fee-based products and services.
We provide a range of commercial banking products and services, including loan products, fee and commission-based products and services,
deposit products and foreign exchange and derivatives products to India’s leading corporations, middle market companies and small
and medium enterprises. We also offer agricultural and rural banking products.

Our international
franchise focusses on non-resident Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses and on deepening relationships with well-rated
Indian corporates in international markets and multinational companies for maximizing the India-linked trade, transaction banking and
lending opportunities within our risk management framework. Our overseas banking subsidiaries continue to serve local markets selectively
with a focus on risk and granularity of business.

Our treasury operations
include the maintenance and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign
exchange and derivatives products and services for corporate customers, such as forward contracts and interest rate and currency swaps.

We are also engaged
in insurance, asset management, securities broking business and private equity fund management through specialized subsidiaries. Our
subsidiaries ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company and ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company,
provide a wide range of life insurance, general insurance and asset management products respectively.

Our subsidiaries
ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited are engaged in equity underwriting and securities broking and
primary dealership in government securities and fixed income market operations, respectively. Our private equity fund management subsidiary
ICICI Venture manages funds that make private equity investments.

134

Table of Contents

Certain Factors
Affecting Our Results of Operations

Our loan portfolio,
financial condition and results of operations have been and, in the future would be, influenced by economic conditions in India, global
economic developments affecting our customers such as changes in commodity prices and geopolitical risks, conditions in global financial
markets, economic conditions in the United States and other foreign countries where we have a significant presence or which impact the
Indian economy and global markets, evolving global and domestic regulations, developments in technology and their impact on banking and
financial services, and global and regional natural disasters and pandemics such as COVID-19. For ease of understanding the following
discussion of our results of operations, you should consider these factors and other key developments.

Trends in fiscal 2024

The global gross
domestic product grew by 3.2% in calendar year 2023, compared to a 3.5% increase in calendar year 2022. The gross domestic product of
advanced economies grew by 1.6% and the gross domestic product of emerging economies grew by 4.3% in calendar year 2023, compared to
2.6% growth in advanced economies and 4.1% for emerging economies in calendar year 2022. Although recession risks remained low, the softer
growth profile was the ongoing effect of tight monetary policy throughout the globe. However, recession risks remained low. There was
also considerable growth differences between countries and regions. Growth in the Euro-zone and China remained well below recent trends
reflecting weak private sector demand. On the other hand, the US economy recorded a fairly strong pace of growth. Global energy prices
have remained fairly volatile responding to ongoing geopolitical tensions. Downside potential in global energy prices remained modest
reflecting tight physical markets prevailing over the period.

Global inflation
showed signs of easing over calendar year 2023 reflecting the fading effects of supply-side bottlenecks, that pulled goods inflation
lower. All advanced economies such as the US economy, Euro-zone and the UK economy had a softer inflation profile driven by disinflation
in the goods sector. While a broad-based decline was visible, headline inflation rates remained above central bank target levels reflecting
the persistence in service sector inflation. After the rate hikes over calendar year 2022 and the first half of calendar year 2023, major
central banks – including the Federal Reserve, European Central Bank and Bank of England maintained the status quo over the second
half of calendar year 2023 by keeping rates at multi-decade highs to facilitate a broad disinflation environment. The People’s
Bank of China continued to remain the outlier as it maintained an accommodative regime in response to signs of growing deflation risks
in the region. The Bank of Japan took steps to normalize policy by ending its negative interest rate regime and its yield curve control
program responding to a higher inflation path in Japan, although it maintained that it would continue to keep policy fairly accommodative.

After
India’s real gross domestic product contracted by 5.8% during fiscal 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, growth bounced back strongly
from fiscal 2022, supported by accommodative monetary and fiscal policies and vaccine coverage. India’s gross domestic product
is estimated to grow by 7.6% in fiscal 2024 (as per Second Advance Estimates of the National Statistical Office) compared with 7.0% as
per revised estimates for fiscal 2023. Growth is supported by government-led investment. The services sector has rebounded with trade,
travel, hospitality, financial services and real estate sectors witnessing growth momentum.

India’s
merchandise exports contracted by 3.2% to US$ 441.5 billion in fiscal 2024 compared with US$ 456.1 billion in fiscal 2023. Merchandise
imports too declined by 5.2% to US$ 683.5 billion in fiscal 2024 compared with US$ 721.4 billion in fiscal 2023. The trade deficit narrowed
to US$ 242.1 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared to US$ 265.3 billion in fiscal 2023. However, services exports have seen an increase
to US$ 341.0 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared to US$ 325.0 billion in fiscal 2023. The lower trade deficit, higher services exports
and led to a decline in the current account deficit to an estimated 0.7% of gross domestic product in fiscal 2024 compared to 2.0% in
fiscal 2023. India’s net foreign portfolio inflows remained strong at US$ 41.0 billion in fiscal 2024, with equity inflows at US$
25.3 billion and debt inflows at US$ 15.8 billion. Gross foreign direct investment inflows into India were US$ 71.0 billion during fiscal
2024, while the net foreign direct investment inflows were lower at US$ 10.6 billion compared with US$ 28 billion during fiscal 2023.

135

Table of Contents

Inflation
in India as measured by the Consumer Price Index came down from 5.7% year-on-year in March 2023 to 4.85% in March 2024. The average inflation
rate during fiscal year 2024 was 5.4% compared to 6.7% in fiscal year 2023. The softening in inflation was due to easing in core and
fuel inflation, while average food inflation was 7.0% in fiscal 2024 compared to 6.7% in fiscal 2023, mainly due to uneven rainfall and
lower food output during the year.

The
Monetary Policy Committee kept the policy rate unchanged at 6.5% and the policy stance unchanged at ‘withdrawal of accommodation’
through fiscal 2024.

In
line with its policy stance, the Reserve Bank of India absorbed surplus liquidity during fiscal 2024. The build-up of government cash
balances and foreign exchange intervention kept liquidity conditions tight for most of the year. In addition, temporary measures such
as the incremental cash reserve ratio were also deployed. Daily average banking system liquidity for fiscal 2024 stood at a surplus of
approximately Rs. 58.0 billion compared to a surplus of approximately Rs. 700.0 billion for fiscal 2023.

During
fiscal 2024, the Rupee depreciated by 1.4% from Rs. 82.18 per USD at March 31, 2023 to Rs. 83.35 per USD at March 29, 2024. The benchmark
S&P BSE Sensex increased by 24.85% during fiscal 2024 compared to 0.7% in fiscal 2023. The yields on the benchmark 10-year government
securities decreased from 7.31% at March 31, 2023 to 7.06% at March 29, 2024. The yield fluctuated during the year, with the highest
at 7.38% on October 9, 2023.

Non-food
credit of the banking system grew by 16.3% year-on-year at March 31, 2024 (excluding the impact of merger of a housing finance company
with a bank during fiscal 2024) compared to 15.4% year-on-year at March 31, 2023. In the latest available sectoral break-up of credit
data available till February 2024, credit growth (excluding the impact of the merger of a housing finance company with a bank) was led
by services at 21.2% year-on-year and personal credit at 18.1% year-on-year) while credit to industry grew at 8.6% year-on-year.

Deposit
growth moved higher in fiscal 2024, with average deposit rates on outstanding deposits increasing by 72 basis points. Deposit growth
(excluding the impact of merger of a housing finance company with a bank during fiscal 2024) stood at 12.9% year-on-year as on March
22, 2024 as compared to 9.6% year-on-year as on March 24, 2023. The credit-deposit ratio (excluding the impact of merger of a housing
finance company with a bank during fiscal 2024) increased to 78.1% at March 22, 2024 as compared to 75.8% at March 24, 2023.

According
to Reserve Bank of India’s Financial Stability Report of December 2023, asset quality of scheduled commercial banks continued to
improve in fiscal 2024, with gross non-performing assets ratio at 3.2% and net non-performing assets ratio at 0.8% at September 30, 2023
compared to a gross non-performing assets ratio of 5.0% and net non-performing assets ratio of 1.3% at September 30, 2022.

Key regulatory
measures announced in fiscal 2024 included the following:

·   Reserve
                                            Bank of India issued guidelines on a Framework for Compromise Settlements and Technical Write
                                            Off requiring banks to adopt board-approved policies for setting necessary conditions precedent
                                            relating to matters such as minimum aging and deterioration in collateral value as well as
                                            delegation of power and the cooling period for taking new exposure.

136

Table of Contents

·   Reserve
                                            Bank of India issued guidelines on Fair Lending Practice - Penal Charges in Loan Accounts.
                                            As per the guideline, a penalty for non-compliance by a borrower of material terms and conditions
                                            of a loan contract, if charged, should be treated as a ‘penal charge’.

·   Reserve
                                            Bank of India revised the Master Direction on Classification, Valuation and Operation of
                                            Investment Portfolio applicable from April 1, 2024, which is broadly based on the principles
                                            of the International Financial Reporting Standard 9. The Bank has implemented this master
                                            direction with effect from April 1, 2024. Reserve Bank of India also issued guidelines on
                                            Capital Adequacy Guidelines - Review of Trading Book, effective from April 1, 2024 to align
                                            the capital adequacy norms with the revised investment guidelines, where the classification
                                            of investments within trading and banking books are broadly aligned with the classification
                                            prescribed in the master direction on investments.

·   Reserve
                                            Bank of India increased the risk weights for capital adequacy, for consumer credit, credit
                                            card receivables and bank lending to non-bank finance companies, by 25%. Reserve Bank of
                                            India has also advised banks to review their sectoral exposure limits for consumer credit
                                            in respect of various segments and set up a board approved limit for all unsecured consumer
                                            credit exposures.

·   Reserve
                                            Bank of India issued Master Directions on Internal Ombudsman for Regulated Entities-Directions
                                            integrating Internal Ombudsman Schemes for banks, non-bank finance companies, non-bank system
                                            participants and credit information companies.

Business Overview

In assessing our
performance, we monitor key financial variables such as the change in profit before tax, excluding treasury, and return on equity. We
also look at the changes in asset yields, cost of funds, net interest margin, fee income and cost ratios. We also monitor key business
indicators such as deposit growth, funding mix, loan growth and loan delinquency trends. We re-evaluate underwriting norms and risk management
on an ongoing basis, and assess the financial impact of events on our capital, revenue and credit costs. We analyze changes in economic
indicators such as interest rates, liquidity, exchange rates and the performance of various sectors and sub-sectors of the economy. In
addition to these indicators, we monitor other non-financial indicators such as quality of customer service and the extent and nature
of customer complaints, frauds, cyber threats, data security and preparedness to address them and estimates of market share in key areas
of business. We continue to evaluate impact of climate change risks on the portfolio and the environmental, social and governance profile
of our large borrowers. We also continuously look at improving capabilities that may be required to respond to crisis-related events.

The growth in India’s
gross domestic product in fiscal 2024 reflects the continuous recovery in economic activity after a contraction in fiscal 2021 due to
the COVID-19 pandemic. The improvement in underlying economic activity was visible across sectors. Government tax collections have been
buoyant and so has been the case with services exports. Government led investment cycle has also continued. Financial conditions remained
relatively stable. Growth in banking system non-food credit remained buoyant during fiscal 2024, with growth being driven by retail and
service sector loans. Deposit growth also improved. This was driven by an increase in deposit rates from fiscal 2023 onwards.

See also “
—Executive
Summary—Certain Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations—Trends in fiscal 2024
”.

We have focused
on maintaining and enhancing our deposit franchise, including by leveraging technology. We have focused on capitalizing on opportunities
in retail lending, including by cross-selling additional products to our existing customers, and growing our lending to small businesses,
in order to build a more granular portfolio and sustainably improve portfolio quality. We have sought to meet the holistic needs of our
corporate clients and their ecosystems.

137

Table of Contents

We continued to
focus on maintaining capital adequacy ratios that are higher than regulatory requirements. As of March 31, 2024, we continued to hold
contingency provisions on a prudent basis.

A discussion
of our financial performance in fiscal 2024 is given below:

ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank
effective February 29, 2024 and March 22, 2024 respectively and consolidated on a line-by-line basis. Till February 29, 2024, these entities
were accounted for under the equity method of accounting, and the pro-rata share of their profit/loss was included in the consolidated
profit and loss account of the Bank. Hence, financial performance in fiscal 2024 is not comparable with the financial performance in
fiscal 2023.

Profit before tax
excluding treasury income (calculated as Profit before tax
less
 Income from treasury-related activities, both reported separately
in Operating Results Data) increased by 26.9% from Rs. 430.6 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 546.3 billion in fiscal 2024.

Operating profit before provisions increased by
20.6% from Rs. 532.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 641.5 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in net interest income and
other income, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses.

Net interest income
increased by 21.1% from Rs. 705.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 854.1 billion in fiscal 2024 reflecting an increase of 18.8% in the average
volume of interest-earning assets, partially offset by an increase in net interest margin by 8 basis points.

Other income (including
share of profit in associates) increased by 17.4% from Rs. 661.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 776.0 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in net earned premium and other operating income relating to insurance business, an increase in commission, exchange
and brokerage income and an increase in income from treasury related activities. Premium and other operating income relating to insurance
business increased by 11.5% from Rs. 411.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 458.5 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily reflecting an increase
in business volume. Commission, exchange and brokerage income increased by 20.0% from Rs. 196.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 235.7 billion
in fiscal 2024. Income from treasury-related activities increased by 64.0% from Rs. 41.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 68.7 billion in
fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in gain on sale of equity investments of our life insurance business.

Operating expenses
increased by 18.6 % from Rs. 824.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 977.8 billion in fiscal 2024 due to an increase in payments to and provision
for employees, other operating expenses and expenses related to insurance business.

Provisions and
contingencies (excluding provision for tax) decreased by 46.5% from Rs. 69.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 37.1 billion in fiscal 2024,
primarily due to a decrease in other provisions and contingencies, partially offset by an increase in provision on non-performing and
other assets. During fiscal 2023, the Bank made a contingency provision amounting to Rs. 56.5 billion on a prudent basis, to further
strengthen the balance sheet. The provision on non-performing and other assets was Rs. 9.6 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared to a write-back
of Rs. 3.7 billion in fiscal 2023. During fiscal 2024, there were higher net additions to non-performing loans primarily in retail and
rural loans, partially offset by recoveries and upgrades in non-retail loans. During fiscal 2023, there were higher recoveries and upgrades
from non-performing assets resulting in net write-back of provision, partially offset by an increase in provisioning rate for certain
non-performing asset categories. Provision for standard assets of ICICI Bank increased from Rs. 5.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 11.6
billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in domestic loans and upgrade of certain impaired loans to standard. During fiscal
2024, ICICI Bank made a provision of Rs. 5.4 billion on its investments in Alternate Investment Funds pursuant to Reserve Bank of India
guideline dated December 19, 2023. The provision coverage ratio was 79.1% at March 31, 2024 compared to 81.5% at March 31, 2023.

138

Table of Contents

Gross non-performing
loans (net of write-offs) decreased from Rs. 312.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 279.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. Net
non-performing loans increased marginally from Rs. 58.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 58.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.
The net non-performing loan ratio remained at the same level of 0.5% at year-end fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024. See also,
“Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—If the level of our non-performing assets increases and the overall quality of our
loan portfolio deteriorates, our business will suffer.”

Income tax expense
increased from Rs. 117.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 154.3 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in profit before tax.
The effective tax rate increased marginally from 25.0% in fiscal 2023 to 25.1% in fiscal 2024.

As a result of
the above, the profit after tax increased by 29.9% from Rs. 354.6 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 460.8 billion in fiscal 2024.

Net worth (equity
share capital, reserves and surplus and employees stock options outstanding) increased from Rs. 2,145.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023
to Rs. 2,561.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to accumulation of retained earnings. Total assets and liabilities increased
by 20.7% from Rs. 19,584.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 23,640.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. Total advances increased
by 16.3% from 10,838.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 12,607.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. Total deposits increased by 19.2%
from Rs. 12,108.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 14,435.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

The changes in
capital adequacy ratios of ICICI Bank on an unconsolidated basis (after deducting the proposed dividend for fiscal 2024 from capital
funds) in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on Basel III were as follows: common equity Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio decreased from 17.12% in fiscal 2023 to 15.60% is fiscal 2024; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio decreased from 17.60% in
fiscal 2023 to 15.60% in fiscal 2024; and total risk-based capital ratio decreased from 18.34% in fiscal 2023 to 16.33% in fiscal 2024.
The decrease in total risk-based capital ratio is primarily due to increase in the risk weighted assets subject to credit risk, on account
of growth in advances and off-balance sheet exposures and implementation of certain guidelines and directives of the Reserve Bank of
India, such as the increase in risk weights for consumer credit, credit card receivables and lending to non-bank finance companies. The
changes in our capital adequacy ratios on a consolidated basis in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on Basel
III, at year-end fiscal 2024 were as follows: common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio decreased from 16.88% in fiscal 2023 to 15.43%
in fiscal 2024; Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio decreased from 17.33% in fiscal 2023 to 15.43% in fiscal 2024; and total risk-based capital
ratio decreased from 18.09% in fiscal 2023 to 16.14% in fiscal 2024.

Business Outlook

Over
the medium term, the outlook for the Indian economy remains positive. India’s economy is expected to grow, driven by increases
in both investment and consumption. Favorable demographics, growing digitization and formalization of the economy, domestic demand, services
exports, growing urbanization, healthy corporate and bank balance sheets and the opportunity for greater integration into global value
chains are some of the key factors expected to drive India’s growth, and create opportunities for the banking and financial sector
in India. At the same time, the global economic environment continues to have significant uncertainties, given evolving government policies,
geopolitical tensions and divergent inflation and growth profiles in different regions. Adverse global developments could impact Indian
economy via both trade and financial channels. India’s foreign exchange reserves and well capitalized financial sector should mitigate
the impact of the global developments on the domestic economy.

139

Table of Contents

Our long-term strategy
will continue to focus on growing profit before tax excluding treasury (calculated as Profit before tax
less
 Income from treasury-related
activities, both reported separately in Operating Results Data) within the guardrails of risk and compliance. We focus on creating holistic
value propositions for our customers by adopting a 360-degree customer-centric approach and capturing opportunities across customer ecosystems,
leveraging internal synergies, building partnerships and simplifying processes. Cross-functional collaboration among teams has been facilitated
to tap into key customer and market segments, enabling 360-degree coverage of customers and increasing wallet share. We have emphasized
on deepening coverage and enhancing delivery capabilities while continuing the focus on risk calibrated profitable growth. We have also
streamlined our organizational structure and empowered teams at the local level to create flexibility and agility in capturing business
opportunities. This improves our ability to connect with customers and respond to their needs. Simplifying our internal processes to
better serve our customers and improve our operating efficiency is a key area of focus.

We use technology
extensively in our operations. We partner with technology companies and platforms to leverage opportunities for growth and enhance the
customer experience and delivery of services. We leverage technology and analytics for deeper insights into market opportunities, customer
needs and behavior. We continue to invest in technology to enhance our offerings to customers as well as the scalability, flexibility
and resilience of our technology architecture. We focus on continuously strengthening our operational resilience to support the seamless
delivery of services to customers.

We have over the
years re-balanced our deposit profile, improved the credit rating profile of our portfolio and reduced concentration risks. We also improved
cost efficiency, scaled up retail loan growth, calibrated corporate loan growth and maintained high capital adequacy ratios. We have
repositioned our international franchise to focus on non-resident Indians for deposits, wealth and remittances businesses. Further, through
our international franchise we will be focusing on deepening relationships with well-rated Indian corporates in international markets
and multinational companies for maximizing the India-linked trade, transaction banking and lending opportunities within our risk management
framework. See also, “
Business—Strategy
.”

We believe that
our healthy deposit franchise and competitive funding costs, along with our distribution network, customer base and technology-based
offerings, underpinned by our focus on risk management practices enable us to pursue growth opportunities profitably. In general, trends
in systemic liquidity, interest rates and inflation influence deposit growth, especially with respect to low cost savings and current
account deposits. Our ability to grow our deposit base may be impacted by increasing competition for such deposits from existing banks
and new entrants. Regulatory developments like the introduction of a digital currency by the Reserve Bank of India may also impact our
ability to raise low cost deposits in the medium to long term. We continue to focus on maintaining a resilient balance sheet and strong
capital levels.

140

Table of Contents

Our success will
be determined by our ability to respond to the evolving economic environment, maintain a strong balance sheet with adequate buffers of
liquidity and capital, strong risk management, the resilience of our technology infrastructure, and business continuity planning, as
well as the behavior of our loan portfolio vis-à-vis comparable banks and finance companies. Generally, the success of our strategy
depends on several factors, including our ability to grow our deposit base, grow our loan book profitably, contain non-performing loans,
resolve stressed assets at an early stage, maintain operational resiliency, maintain regulatory compliance in an evolving regulatory
environment, address regulators’ assessments of and observations on our operations, and compete effectively in the Indian corporate
and retail financial services market. Regulations governing the financial sector in India, including banking, insurance and asset management,
continue to evolve, with a potential impact on the growth and profitability of financial services groups such as us. The success of our
strategy is also subject to the overall regulatory and policy environment in which we operate, including the direction of monetary policy.
Our ability to execute our strategy will also depend on the liquidity and interest rate environment. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks
Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk and volatility in
interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income from treasury operations,
the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance
”. With regard to our overseas banking subsidiaries, the impact
on the global economy due to geopolitical factors, inflation and monetary policy and other global developments are expected to impact
economic growth in Canada and the United Kingdom, which in turn could impact the business of our banking subsidiaries in these countries.
See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The exposures of our international branches and banking subsidiaries
could generally affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
.”

For a detailed
discussion of risks that we face in our business please refer to “
Risk Factors
”.

141

Table of Contents

Operating
Results Data

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, our summary operating results.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024 (1)
(in millions, except per common share data)
Selected income statement data:
Interest earned (2)   Rs.   1,210,668   Rs.   1,595,159   US$   19,140
Interest expended   (505,434   )   (741,082   )   (8,892   )
Net interest income   705,234   854,077   10,248
Other income (3)   651,120   765,218   9,182
Net total income   1,356,354   1,619,295   19,430
Operating expenses
Payments to and provisions for employees   (152,342   )   (191,720   )   (2,300   )
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   (416,551   )   (502,601   )   (6,031   )
Other operating expenses (4)   (255,497   )   (283,507   )   (3,402   )
Total operating expenses   (824,390   )   (977,828   )   (11,733   )
Operating profit before provisions   531,964   641,467   7,697
Provisions and contingencies (excluding provision for tax)   (69,399   )   (37,124   )   (446   )
Share of profit in associates   9,983   10,738   129
Profit before tax   472,548   615,081   7,380
Provision for tax   (117,934   )   (154,276   )   (1,851   )
Profit after tax   354,614   460,805   5,529
Minority interest   (14,248   )   (18,241   )   (219   )
Net profit (after minority interest)   340,366   442,564   5,310
Profitability:
Net profit (after minority interest) as a percentage of:
Average total assets   1.87%   2.07%
Average stockholders’ equity   17.22   18.98
Per common share:
Earnings-basic (5)   Rs.   48.86   Rs.   63.19   US$   0.76
Earnings-diluted (6)   47.84   61.96   0.74
Book value (7)   Rs.   296.12   Rs.   352.24   US$   4.23
Dividend payout ratio (8)   16.41%   15.87%
Cost-to-income ratio (9)   60.78   60.39
Cost-to-average assets ratio (10)   4.52   4.57
Capital
Average stockholders’ equity as a percentage of average total assets (11)   10.84%   10.90%

(1)   Rupee
                                            amounts for fiscal 2024 have been translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate of
                                            Rs. 83.34 = US$ 1.00 as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve
                                            Board at year-end fiscal 2024.

(2)   Interest
                                            earned includes interest on income tax refunds of Rs. 1.2 billion and Rs. 2.8 billion for
                                            fiscal 2023 and 2024 respectively.

(3)   Includes income from treasury-related activities
                                            (net) amounting to Rs. 41.9 billion and Rs. 68.7 billion for fiscal 2023 and 2024 respectively.

(4)   Includes
                                            depreciation on fixed assets and other general office expenses.

(5)   Earnings
                                            per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares and represents net profit/(loss)
                                            per share before dilutive impact.

(6)   Earnings
                                            per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares and represents net profit/(loss)
                                            per share adjusted for full dilution. Options to purchase 24,312,910 and 10,089,800 equity
                                            shares granted to employees at a weighted average exercise price of Rs. 748.0 and Rs. 895.2
                                            were outstanding at year-end fiscal 2023 and 2024 respectively but were not included in the
                                            computation of diluted earnings per share as these options were anti-dilutive.

(7)   Represents
                                            capital, employees’ stock options outstanding and reserves and surplus reduced by deferred
                                            tax asset and goodwill.

(8)   Represents
                                            the ratio of total dividends paid on equity share capital as a percentage of net profit (after
                                            minority interest). Dividends for a fiscal year are normally paid in the following year.

(9)   Represents
                                            the ratio of operating expenses to total income. Total income represents the sum of net interest
                                            income and other income.

(10)   Represents
                                            the ratio of operating expenses to average total assets.

(11)   Represents
                                            the ratio of average stockholders’ equity to average total assets. Average stockholders’
                                            equity represents average capital, employees’ stock options outstanding and reserves
                                            and surplus reduced by preference share capital. Average total assets represents total of
                                            average interest-earning assets and average non-interest earning assets.

(12)   ICICI
                                            Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary
                                            of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. I-Process Services (India) Private Limited
                                            ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from
                                            March 22, 2024. Accordingly, the consolidated financial results for fiscal 2024 are not comparable
                                            with the previous periods.

142

Table of Contents

Consolidated
Income Information

Net Interest
Income

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of net interest income.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest earned (1)   Rs.   1,210,668   Rs.   1,595,159   US$   19,140   31.8%
Interest expense   (505,434   )   (741,082   )   (8,892   )   46.6
Net interest income   Rs.   705,234   Rs.   854,077   US$   10,248   21.1%

(1)   Tax
                                            exempt income has not been re-calculated on a tax-equivalent basis.

Yields, Spreads
and Margins

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the yields, spreads and net interest margins on interest-earning assets.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024
(in millions, except percentages)
Interest earned (1)   Rs.   1,210,702   Rs.   1,595,270
Average interest-earning assets   15,859,535   18,845,615
Interest expense   505,434   741,082
Average interest-bearing liabilities   12,851,469   15,155,078
Average total assets   18,228,389   21,384,959
Average interest-earning assets as a percentage of average total assets   87.00%   88.13%
Average interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of average total assets   70.50   70.87
Average interest-earning assets as a percentage of average interest-bearing liabilities   123.41   124.35
Yield   7.63   8.46
Rupee   8.11   8.70
Foreign currency   3.32   5.64
Cost of funds   3.93   4.89
Rupee   4.08   4.97
Foreign currency   2.35   3.89
Spread (2)   3.70   3.57
Rupee   4.03   3.73
Foreign currency   0.97   1.75
Net interest margin (3)   4.45   4.53
Rupee   4.75   4.70
Foreign currency   1.71%   2.60%

_____________________

(1)   We
                                            have re-calculated tax-exempt income on a tax-equivalent basis. The impact of re-calculation
                                            of tax-exempt income on a tax equivalent basis was Rs. 111 million for fiscal 2024 as compared
                                            to Rs. 34 million for fiscal 2023.

(2)   Spread
                                            is the difference between yield on average interest-earning assets and cost of average interest-bearing
                                            liabilities. Yield on average interest-earning assets is the ratio of interest earned to
                                            average interest-earning assets. Cost of average interest-bearing liabilities is the ratio
                                            of interest expense to average interest-bearing liabilities.

(3)   Net
                                            interest margin is the ratio of net interest income to average interest-earning assets. The
                                            difference in net interest margin and spread arises due to the difference in amount of average
                                            interest-earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities. If average interest-earning
                                            assets exceed average interest-bearing liabilities, net interest margin is greater than the
                                            spread and if average interest-bearing liabilities exceed average interest-earning assets,
                                            net interest margin is less than the spread.

Net interest
income increased by 21.1% from Rs. 705.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 854.2 billion in fiscal 2024, reflecting an increase of 18.8%
in the average volume of interest-earning assets and an increase in net interest margin by 8 basis points.

143

Table of Contents

Net
interest margin

Net interest margin
on the rupee portfolio decreased by 5 basis points from 4.75% in fiscal 2023 to 4.70% in fiscal 2024 and net interest margin on the foreign
currency portfolio increased by 89 basis points from 1.71% in fiscal 2023 to 2.60% in fiscal 2024. Overall net interest margin increased
by 8 basis points from 4.45% in fiscal 2023 to 4.53% in fiscal 2024. The yield on average interest-earning assets increased by 83 basis
points from 7.63% in fiscal 2023 to 8.46% in fiscal 2024. The cost of funds increased by 96 basis points from 3.93% in fiscal 2023 to
4.89% in fiscal 2024.

The yield on the
rupee portfolio increased by 59 basis points from 8.11% in fiscal 2023 to 8.70% in fiscal 2024, primarily due to the following:

·   The
                                            yield on rupee advances increased by 74 basis points from 9.32% in fiscal 2023 to 10.06%
                                            in fiscal 2024. The yield on rupee investments increased by 49 basis points from 6.51% in
                                            fiscal 2023 to 7.00% in fiscal 2024. The yield on rupee other interest-earning assets decreased
                                            by 11 basis points from 2.22% in fiscal 2023 to 2.11% in fiscal 2024.

·   The
                                            yield on rupee advances increased primarily due to the full impact of re-pricing of existing
                                            floating rate loans linked to the repo rate and the Bank’s marginal cost of funds based
                                            lending rate and new lending at higher rates.

The Reserve
Bank of India increased the repo rate by 250 basis points from 4.00% in May 2022 to 6.50% in February 2023. The Bank increased the 1-year
marginal cost of funds based lending rate by 150 basis points in phases during fiscal 2023. The impact of increase in repo rates from
May 2022 started reflecting in overall yield through repricing of repo and treasury bill linked portfolios from the second quarter of
fiscal 2023. For marginal cost of funds based lending rate linked loans, the effect on the yields started reflecting from the respective
reset dates of underlying loans. At March 31, 2024, of the total domestic loan book of ICICI Bank on a standalone basis, 32% had fixed
interest rates, 49% had interest rates linked to the repo rate, 17% had interest rates linked to the marginal cost of funds based lending
rate and other, older benchmarks and 2% had interest rates linked to other external benchmarks. See also “
Business—Loan
portfolio—Loan pricing
”.

·   The
                                            yield on interest earning rupee government securities increased primarily due to reset of
                                            yields on floating rate bonds linked to treasury bills at higher rates pursuant to a significant
                                            increase in treasury bill yields and new investment in government securities at higher market
                                            yields. The yield on investments, other than government securities, increased primarily due
                                            to an increase in yield on pass through certificates and commercial paper.

·   The
                                            yield on other interest-earning rupee assets decreased by 11 basis points from 2.22% in fiscal
                                            2023 to 2.11% in fiscal 2024, primarily due to a decrease in interest income on funding swaps,
                                            a decrease in interest earning liquidity adjustment facility lending to Reserve Bank of India
                                            and an increase in average balance with the Reserve Bank of India (cash reserve ratio) which
                                            does not earn any interest. From the first quarter of fiscal 2023, the Reserve Bank of India
                                            increased the cash reserve ratio from 4.0% to 4.5%.

144

Table of Contents

·   Interest
                                            on income tax refunds increased from Rs. 1.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 2.7 billion in
                                            fiscal 2024. The receipt, amount and timing of such income depend on the nature and timing
                                            of determinations by tax authorities and hence are neither consistent nor predictable.

The cost of funds
for the rupee portfolio increased by 89 basis points from 4.08% in fiscal 2023 to 4.97 % in fiscal 2024, primarily due to the following
factors:

·   The
                                            cost of rupee deposits increased by 92 basis points from 3.72% in fiscal 2023 to 4.64% in
                                            fiscal 2024 due to an increase in cost of term deposits.

The cost
of rupee term deposits increased by 140 basis points from 4.84% in fiscal 2023 to 6.24% in fiscal 2024. The peak rate for retail term
deposits of the Bank increased significantly from 5.75% in May 2022 to 7.10% in March 2023 in phases during fiscal 2023 on account of
significant increase in repo rate by the Reserve Bank of India. The cost of savings account deposits remained at the same level of 3.17%
in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024. The average rupee current account and savings account deposits as a percentage of total average rupee
deposits were 40.5% in fiscal 2024 as compared to 44.7% in fiscal 2023.

·   The
                                            cost of rupee borrowings increased by 45 basis points from 6.75% in fiscal 2023 to 7.20%
                                            in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in the cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Bank.
                                            The cost of rupee borrowings of ICICI Bank increased primarily due to an increase in cost
                                            of refinance borrowings, short term money market borrowings and interbank participatory certificates,
                                            partially offset by a decrease in average bond borrowings.

The total
average rupee deposits of the Bank as a percentage of total average rupee funding decreased from 91.4% in fiscal 2023 to 90.9% in fiscal
2024.

Net interest margin
on the foreign currency portfolio increased by 89 basis points from 1.71% in fiscal 2023 to 2.60% in fiscal 2024. Average interest-earning
foreign currency assets decreased by 7.2% from Rs. 1,583.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,468.5 billion in fiscal 2024. Average interest-bearing
foreign currency liabilities increased by 5.6% from Rs. 1,086.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,147.5 billion in fiscal 2024. During
fiscal 2024, the Bank continued to convert a part of its rupee liquidity into foreign currency and deployed the same in foreign currency
placements/investments. This has resulted in average foreign currency assets being significantly higher than average foreign currency
liabilities.

The yield on our
foreign currency portfolio increased by 232 basis points from 3.32% in fiscal 2023 to 5.64% in fiscal 2024, primarily due to the following:

·   The
                                            yield on average foreign currency interest-earning assets of the Bank increased by 277 basis
                                            points from 3.18% in fiscal 2023 to 5.95% in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in
                                            the yield on average advances. The yield on average advances increased by 268 basis points
                                            from 3.50% in fiscal 2023 to 6.18% in fiscal 2024, primarily due to repricing of floating
                                            rate advances and new lending at higher rates on account of the rate hike cycle by the US
                                            Federal Reserve. The yield on average advances was also positively impacted due to higher
                                            interest collection on non-performing assets during the fiscal 2024.

·   The
                                            yield on average interest-earning assets of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased primarily due to
                                            an increase in yield on average advances and an increase in yield on average overnight and
                                            term placement with central banks primarily due to an increase in benchmark interest rates.

145

Table of Contents

·   The
                                            yield on average interest-earning assets of ICICI Bank Canada increased primarily due to
                                            an increase in yield on average advances and an increase in average investments. The yield
                                            on average advances and average investments increased due to an increase in benchmark interest
                                            rates.

The cost of funds
for the foreign currency portfolio increased by 154 basis points from 2.35% in fiscal 2023 to 3.89% in fiscal 2024, due to the following
factors:

·   The
                                            cost of funds for the Bank’s foreign currency funding increased in fiscal 2024 as compared
                                            to fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in cost of term borrowings on account of rate
                                            hike cycle by the US Federal Reserve.

·   The
                                            cost of funds of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased in fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023 primarily
                                            due to an increase in cost of deposits. The cost of deposits increased primarily due to an
                                            increase in interest rates offered on deposits on account of higher benchmark interest rates.

·   The
                                            cost of funds of ICICI Bank Canada increased in fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023 primarily
                                            due to an increase in cost of deposits. The cost of deposits increased primarily due to an
                                            increase in interest rates on new deposits raised.

Our yield on advances,
interest earned, net interest income and net interest margin are impacted by systemic liquidity conditions, movements in interest rates,
the competitive environment, the level of additions to non-performing loans, regulatory developments, monetary policy and economic and
geo-political factors. These developments may have an adverse impact on the net interest margin. The timing and amount of recoveries
and interest on income tax refund is uncertain.

Interest
rates on approximately 51.0% of the Bank’s domestic loans are linked to external market benchmarks. The differential movements
in the external benchmark rates compared to cost of funds impact our net interest income and net interest margin.

Interest-earning assets

The average volume
of interest-earning assets increased by 18.8% from Rs. 15,859.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 18,845.6 billion in fiscal 2024. The increase
in average interest-earning assets was primarily due to an increase in average advances by Rs. 1,976.7 billion and average investments
by Rs. 1,123.9 billion, partially offset by a decrease in average other interest-earning assets by Rs. 114.4 billion.

The average volume
of rupee interest-earning assets increased by 21.7% from Rs. 14,276.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 17,377.1 billion in fiscal 2024,
primarily due to an increase in average advances and average investments. Average rupee advances increased by 21.6% from Rs. 9,059.7
billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 11,017.3 billion in fiscal 2024. Average rupee investments increased by 26.6% from Rs. 4,223.4 billion
in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 5,347.5 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in average investments in Indian government securities.
Average other rupee interest-earning assets increased by 1.91% from Rs. 993.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,012.3 billion in fiscal
2024, primarily due to an increase in balances with the Reserve Bank of India to maintain cash reserve ratio and balance with other banks,
partially offset by a decrease in lending to the Reserve Bank of India under liquidity adjustment facility. ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. I-Process Services (India)
Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from March 22, 2024. Accordingly,
the average volume of interest-earning assets in fiscal 2024 is not comparable with the average volume of interest-earning assets in
fiscal 2023.

146

Table of Contents

The average volume
of foreign currency interest-earning assets decreased by 7.2% from Rs. 1,583.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,468.5 billion in fiscal
2024. Average foreign currency advances increased by 2.0% from Rs. 957.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 976.2 billion in fiscal 2024.
Average foreign currency investments decreased from Rs. 155.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 154.8 billion in fiscal 2024. Average other
foreign currency interest-earning assets decreased by 28.3% from Rs. 470.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 337.6 billion in fiscal 2024,
primarily due to a decrease in balances with banks outside India.

Interest-bearing liabilities

Average interest-bearing
liabilities increased by 17.9% from Rs. 12,851.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 15,155.1 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase
in average deposits by Rs. 1,950.8 billion and average borrowings by Rs. 352.8 billion.

Average interest-bearing
rupee liabilities increased by 19.1% from Rs. 11,765.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 14,007.6 billion in fiscal 2024. Average rupee time
deposits increased by 26.7% from Rs. 5,735.6 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 7,266.6 billion in fiscal 2024. Average rupee current account
and savings account deposits increased by 6.6% from Rs. 4,641.6 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 4,946.2 billion in fiscal 2024. Average
rupee borrowings increased by 29.3% from Rs. 1,387.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,794.7 billion in fiscal 2024. Average borrowings
of ICICI Bank increased primarily due to an increase in refinance borrowings and interbank participatory certificates, partially offset
by a decrease in subordinated bonds.

Average interest-bearing
foreign currency liabilities increased by 5.6% from Rs. 1,086.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,147.5 billion in fiscal 2024 due to an
increase in time deposits, partially offset by a decrease in borrowings. Average foreign currency borrowings decreased by 9.8% from Rs.
550.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 496.3 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to a decrease in term money borrowings of ICICI Bank.
Average foreign currency deposits increased by 21.5% from Rs. 536.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 651.2 billion in fiscal 2024. Average
deposits of ICICI Bank increased primarily due to an increase in foreign currency non-resident deposits. Average deposits of ICICI Bank
UK PLC increased primarily due to an increase in term deposits, partially offset by a decrease in retail savings deposits. Average foreign
currency deposits of ICICI Bank Canada increased primarily due to an increase in term deposits, partially offset by a decrease in retail
saving deposits.

See also “
Risk
Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—Our banking and trading activities are particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk
and volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our income
from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance
”.

147

Table of Contents

Other Income

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of other income.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Commission, exchange and brokerage   Rs.   196,485   Rs.   235,719   US$   2,828   20.0%
Income from treasury-related activities (net)   41,921   68,732   824   (64.0   )
- Profit/(loss) on exchange/derivative transactions (net)   30,509   30,861   370   1.2
-Profit/(loss) on other treasury-related activities (1)   11,412   37,871   454   —
Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net)   543   144   2   (73.5   )
Premium and other operating income from insurance business   411,368   458,528   5,502   11.5
Miscellaneous income   10,786   12,833   154   19.0
- Share of profit in associates   9,983   10,738   129   7.6
-Others   803   2,095   25   —
Total other income (including share of profit in associates)   Rs.   661,103   Rs.   775,956   US$   9,310   17.4%

_____________________

(1)   Includes
                                            profit/(loss) on the sale of investments and on revaluation of investments.

(2)   ICICI
                                            Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary
                                            of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. I-Process Services (India) Private Limited
                                            ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from
                                            March 22, 2024. Accordingly, the premium and other operating income from insurance business
                                            includes premium income of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited effective March
                                            1, 2024 and share of profit in associates includes share in profit of ICICI Lombard General
                                            Insurance Company Limited till February 29, 2024.

Other income primarily
includes income pertaining to our insurance business, commission, exchange and brokerage income, profit/(loss) on treasury-related activities
and other miscellaneous income.

Other income (including
share of profit in associates) increased by 17.4% from Rs. 661.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 776.0 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in net earned premium and other operating income relating to insurance business, an increase in commission, exchange
and brokerage income and an increase in income from treasury related activities.

Commission, exchange
and brokerage

Commission, exchange
and brokerage income primarily includes fees from our banking business as well as fee and brokerage income of our securities broking,
asset management and private equity fund management subsidiaries. The fee income of our banking business includes fees from retail customers
such as lending-linked fees and transaction banking fee such as credit card related fees, debit card related fees and service charges
on retail deposit accounts, and commercial banking fees, such as lending linked fees, and transaction banking fees such as fees on cash
management services, commission on bank guarantees, letters of credit and bills discounting.

Commission, exchange
and brokerage income increased from Rs. 196.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 235.7 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase
in transaction banking fees, lending-linked fees, and fund management fees. Transaction banking fees increased from Rs. 98.8 billion
in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 116.9 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in fee income from credit cards and debit cards. Lending-linked
fees increased from Rs. 39.6 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 42.2 billion in fiscal 2024. Fund management fees increased from Rs. 27.5
billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 34.9 billion in fiscal 2024. Securities brokerage income increased from Rs. 12.6 billion in fiscal 2023
to Rs. 18.7 billion in fiscal 2024. Third party products distribution fees increased from Rs. 10.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 11.6
billion in fiscal 2024.

148

Table of Contents

Income from Treasury-Related
Activities (Net)

Income from treasury-related
activities includes income from the sale of investments and the revaluation of investments on account of changes in unrealized profit/(loss)
in the fixed income, equity and preference share portfolio, units of venture capital and private equity funds, units of mutual funds
and security receipts issued by asset reconstruction companies. Further, it also includes income from foreign exchange transactions,
consisting of various foreign exchange and derivatives transactions with clients, including options and swaps.

Income from treasury-related
activities increased from Rs. 41.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 68.7 billion in fiscal 2024.

Income from our
equity portfolio increased from Rs. 10.7 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 27.0 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in gain
on sale of equity investment from our life insurance business.

There was a gain
from our government securities portfolio and other fixed income positions of Rs. 9.1 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to softening
of yields on government securities and higher trading gains, as compared to a loss of Rs. 1.5 billion in fiscal 2023.

Income from foreign
exchange transactions, including transactions with clients and margins on derivatives transactions with clients, increased from Rs. 30.5
billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 30.9 billion in fiscal 2024.

Treasury income
in fiscal 2024 includes the negative impact of transfer of accumulated translation loss of Rs. 3.4 billion related to closure of Bank’s
Offshore Banking Unit in SEEPZ Mumbai, to profit and loss account.

Premium and
other operating income from insurance business

Premium and other
operating income from insurance business includes net premium income, fee and commission income, surrender charges and income on foreclosure
of policies. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective
from February 29, 2024. Accordingly, the premium and other operating income in fiscal 2024 is not comparable with the premium and other
operating income in fiscal 2023.

Premium and other
operating income from our insurance business increased by 11.5% from Rs. 411.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 458.5 billion in fiscal
2024. Premium income during fiscal 2024 includes premium of Rs. 15.8 billion from our general insurance business. Net premium income
of our life insurance subsidiary increased by 8.2% from Rs. 385.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 416.7 billion in fiscal 2024. The premium
income (gross of premium on reinsurance ceded) of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 8.3% from Rs. 399.3 billion in
fiscal 2023 to Rs. 432.4 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in group premium and retail renewal premium. Net group
premium increased by 15.9% from Rs. 86.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 99.9 billion in fiscal 2024. Net retail renewal premium increased
by 9.0% from Rs. 223.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 244.0 billion in fiscal 2024. Premium on reinsurance ceded increased by 7.3% from
Rs. 13.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 14.8 billion in fiscal 2024. Fee and other life insurance related income of our life insurance
subsidiary decreased marginally by 0.9% from Rs. 26.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 26.1 billion in fiscal 2024.

149

Table of Contents

Miscellaneous income

Miscellaneous income
increased from Rs. 10.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 12.8 billion in fiscal 2024. Other miscellaneous income increased from Rs. 0.8
billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 2.1 billion in fiscal 2024.

Operating Expense

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of operating expense.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Payments to and provisions for employees   Rs.   152,342   Rs.   191,720   US$   2,300   25.8%
Depreciation on own property   14,946   19,153   230   28.1
Auditor’s fees and expenses   249   265   3   6.4
Expenses pertaining to insurance business   416,551   502,601   6,031   20.7
Other operating expenses   240,302   264,089   3,169   9.9
Total operating expenses   Rs.   824,390   Rs.   977,828   US$   11,733   18.6%   %

(1)   ICICI
                                            Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary
                                            of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. I-Process Services (India) Private Limited
                                            ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from
                                            March 22, 2024. Accordingly, the operating expenses in fiscal 2024 is not comparable with
                                            the operating expenses in fiscal 2023.

Operating expenses
primarily include expenses relating to our insurance business, payment to and provision for employees and other operating expenses. Operating
expenses increased by 16.07% from Rs. 842.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 977.8 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase
in expenses relating to our insurance business and payments to and provisions for employees.

Payments to and provisions
for employees

Employee expenses
increased by 25.8% from Rs. 152.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 191.7 billion in fiscal 2024. Our employee base, including sales executives,
employees on fixed term contracts and interns, increased from 157,799 at year-end fiscal 2023 to 187,765 at year-end fiscal 2024. ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024.
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from
March 22, 2024. Accordingly, the number of employees in fiscal 2024 is not comparable with the number of employees in fiscal 2023.

The employee expenses
of ICICI Bank increased by 25.6% from Rs. 120.6 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 151.4 billion in fiscal 2024. Employee expenses increased
primarily due to an increase in salary cost and provision for performance bonus and performance-linked retention pay, partially offset
by a decrease in provision for retirement benefit obligations. Salary cost increased primarily due to annual increments and promotions
and due to an increase in average staff strength. The average employee base of ICICI Bank, including sales executives, employees on fixed
term contracts and interns, increased by 21.6% from 113,664 employees in fiscal 2023 to 138,186 employees in fiscal 2024.

The employee expenses
of ICICI Bank Canada increased by 19.5% from Rs. 1.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1.8 billion in fiscal 2024. The employee expenses
of ICICI Home Finance Company increased by 62.5% from Rs. 2.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 3.7 billion in fiscal 2024. The employee
expenses of ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company increased by 31.4% from Rs. 4.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 5.2 billion in fiscal
2024. The employee expenses of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 12.5% from Rs. 14.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs.
16.3 billion in fiscal 2024. The employee expenses of ICICI Securities Limited increased by 23.4% from Rs. 6.8 billion in fiscal 2023
to Rs. 8.4 billion in fiscal 2024.

150

Table of Contents

Depreciation

Depreciation on
owned properties increased by 28.1% from Rs. 14.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 19.2 billion in fiscal 2024.

Other operating expenses

Other operating
expenses primarily include rent, taxes and lighting, advertisement and publicity, repairs and maintenance, direct marketing agency expenses,
premiums paid on purchases of priority sector lending certificates and other expenditures. Other operating expenses increased by 9.9%
from Rs. 240.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 264.1 billion in fiscal 2024.

Other operating
expenses of the Bank increased by 14.6% from Rs. 194.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 223.2 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an
increase in technology related expenses, reward point expenses, direct marketing agency expenses and advertisement and sales promotion
expenses.

Other operating
expenses of our life insurance subsidiary decreased from Rs. 30.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 23.1 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily
due to a decrease in advertisement expenses.

Other operating
expenses of our home finance subsidiary increased from Rs. 2.7 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 3.5 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due
to an increase in customer acquisition expenses, professional and legal expenses, advertisement and sales promotion expenses and other
expenses.

Other operating
expenses of our asset management subsidiary increased from Rs. 4.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 5.1 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in business volume linked Alternate Investment Funds (AIF) brokerage and technology related expenses.

Other operating
expenses of our securities subsidiary increased from Rs. 6.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 8.2 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due
to an increase in revenue linked payout to business partners and software related expenses.

Expenses related
to our insurance business

ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. Accordingly,
the expenses in fiscal 2024 is not comparable with the expenses in fiscal 2023.

Expenses related
to our insurance business include claims and benefit payouts, commission expenses and reserves for actuarial liability (including the
investible portion of the premium on unit-linked policies of our life insurance business). Expenses relating to our insurance business
increased by 20.7% from Rs. 416.6 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 502.6 billion in fiscal 2024.

The expenses related
to our life insurance subsidiary increased by 17.1% from Rs. 417.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 488.2 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in provisions for policy holder liabilities (non-linked) from Rs. 169.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 194.7 billion
in fiscal 2024.

151

Table of Contents

The reserves for
the actuarial liability of the life insurance business for the investible portion of the premium on unit-linked policies increased by
5.6% from Rs. 179.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 189.0 billion in fiscal 2024 primarily due to an increase in linked premium income.
The investible portion of the premium on linked policies of our life insurance business represents the amount of premium, including renewal
premium received on linked policies of life insurance business invested, after deducting charges and the premium for risk coverage, in
the underlying fund.

Expense related
to insurance business during fiscal 2024 includes Rs. 14.4 billion related to our general insurance business.

See also “
Business—Overview
of Our Products and Services—Insurance
”.

Provisions and Contingencies (Excluding
Provision For Tax)

Provisions for Non-Performing Loans
and Restructured Loans

The Bank classifies
its assets, including those in overseas branches, as performing and non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
The Bank’s home finance subsidiary classifies its loans and other credit facilities in accordance with the guidelines of the Reserve
Bank of India. Under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, non-performing assets are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss
assets based on certain pre-defined criteria. Loans held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country
regulations but which are standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines are identified as non-performing assets to the
extent the loan amount is outstanding in the host country. Loans in the Bank’s United Kingdom subsidiary are classified as impaired
if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the loan
(a loss event) and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated.
Loans in the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary are considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
the estimated future cash flows of that loan have occurred.

A loan is classified
as restructuring, where a concessionary modification such as changes in repayment period, principal amount, repayment installment and
reduction in rate of interest has been made and downgraded to non-performing. The restructuring of loans in the event of a natural disaster,
restructuring involving deferment of date of commencement of commercial operations for projects under implementation and restructuring
for certain medium and small medium enterprises continue to be classified as standard restructured loans. Further, the Reserve Bank of
India through its guidelines on Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress dated August 6, 2020 and May 5, 2021, provides a prudential
framework to implement a resolution plan in respect of eligible borrowers, while classifying such exposures as standard, subject to specified
conditions.

The Bank has enhanced
internal controls for the identification of non-performing assets, including the review of loan accounts for certain conditions primarily
related to size, credit rating and number of days past due.

The Bank makes
provisions on assets based on their classification as standard, sub-standard, doubtful or loss as per internal provisioning norms, subject
to minimum provisioning requirements of the Reserve Bank of India. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful assets are fully
provided for or written off as required by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. For loans and advances of overseas branches, the Bank
makes provisions as per internal provisioning norms or host country regulations, whichever is higher. The Bank holds specific provisions
against non-performing loans and advances and against certain performing loans and advances in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India
directions. The Bank’s United Kingdom subsidiary maintains provision for loan losses at a level that management considers adequate
to absorb identified credit related losses as well as losses that have occurred but are not yet identifiable. The Bank’s Canadian
subsidiary maintains provision for all financial assets using expected credit loss model. The expected credit loss for impaired financial
assets is computed based on individual assessment of expected cash flows from such assets.

152

Table of Contents

In respect of non-retail
loans reported as frauds to the Reserve Bank of India and classified in the doubtful category, the entire amount, without considering
the value of security, is provided for over a period not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in which fraud has been detected.
In respect of non-retail loans where there has been a delay in reporting the fraud to the Reserve Bank of India or which are classified
as loss accounts, the entire amount is provided for immediately. In the case of fraud in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided
for immediately. We make provisions on restructured/rescheduled loans and advances in accordance with the applicable Reserve Bank of
India guidelines on restructuring of loans and advances by banks.

In addition to
the specific provision on non-performing assets, we maintain a general provision on standard loans and advances and restructured/rescheduled
loans and advances at rates prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. For standard loans and advances in overseas branches, we hold a
general provision at the higher of host country regulatory requirements and the Reserve Bank of India requirements. The Bank also makes
additional general provision on loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors, exposures to step-down subsidiaries of Indian
companies, incremental exposure to borrowers identified under the framework for large exposure of the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank
may create floating provision for the year, in excess of the specific and general provision, as per Board approved policy. The floating
provision can only be utilized, with the approval of the Board and the Reserve Bank of India. Further, the Reserve Bank of India guidelines
on “Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress” provide a prudential framework for resolution plan of certain loans.
The Reserve Bank of India circular requires the banks to hold minimum 10% provision on these loans. The Bank makes general provision
on such loans at rates equal or higher than requirements stipulated in Reserve Bank of India circulars.

The Bank, on a
prudent basis, has made contingency provision on certain loan portfolios, including borrowers who had taken moratorium at any time during
fiscal 2021 under the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines related to the COVID-19 regulatory package. The Bank also makes additional
contingency provision on certain standard assets. The contingency provision is included in ‘Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

Non-Performing Loans Strategy

In respect of non-viable
non-performing loans, where borrowers have lost financial viability, we adopt an approach aimed at out-of-court settlements, enforcing
collateral, driving consolidation and seeking resolution under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code under specific circumstances, which
among other measures includes recovery through the sale of a borrower’s assets in a time-bound manner. Our focus is on time value
of recovery and a pragmatic approach towards settlements. The collateral against our loan assets is the critical factor towards the success
of our recovery efforts. In certain accounts where the value of collateral against our loan has been eroded we undertake charge-offs
against loan loss allowances held. However, we continue to pursue recovery efforts in these accounts, either jointly along with other
lenders or individually through legal recourse and settlements. We are also adopting an online dispute resolution mechanism (entailing
mediation, conciliation or arbitration or combination thereof administered by an independent institution) for speedy resolution of claims
and disputes of certain retail assets and services as an alternative to approaching courts or tribunals. In addition, we focus on proactive
management of accounts under supervision. Our strategy is aimed at early stage solutions to incipient problems.

153

Table of Contents

Our strategy for
resolution of non-performing assets includes sales of financial assets to asset reconstruction companies in exchange for receipt of securities
in the form of pass-through instruments issued by asset reconstruction companies, wherein payments to holders of the securities are based
on the actual realized cash flows from the transferred assets. Under Indian GAAP, these instruments are valued at the net asset values
as declared by the asset reconstruction companies in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under U.S. GAAP, the assets
we sell in exchange for security receipts are not accounted for as sales either because transfers do not qualify for sale accounting
under FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and servicing”, or transfers were impacted by FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation
– overall”, whereby, because the Bank is the ‘primary beneficiary’ of certain of these funds/trusts, it is required
under U.S. GAAP to consolidate these entities. These assets are considered restructured assets under U.S. GAAP. “
Supervision
and Regulation—Loan Loss Provisions and Non-Performing Assets
”.

We monitor trends
in the credit ratings of our borrowers to enable us to take proactive remedial measures. We review the industry outlook and analyze the
impact of changes in the regulatory and fiscal environment. Our periodic review system helps us to monitor the health of accounts and
to take prompt remedial measures. We may seek to recover loans through enforcement of our rights in collateral. However, recoveries may
be subject to delays of up to several years, due to the long legal process in India. This leads to delay in enforcement and realization
of collateral. We may also take as security a pledge of financial assets, including marketable securities, and obtain corporate guarantees
and personal guarantees of sponsors wherever appropriate. In certain cases, the terms of financing include covenants relating to sponsors’
shareholding in the borrower and restrictions on the sponsors’ ability to sell all or part of their shareholding. Covenants involving
equity shares have top-up mechanisms based on price triggers. We maintain the non-performing assets on our books for as long as the enforcement
process is ongoing. Accordingly, a non-performing asset may continue for a long time in our portfolio until the settlement of a loan
account or realization of collateral, which may be longer than that for U.S. banks under similar circumstances. See also “Business—
Loan
portfolio—Collateral—Completion, Perfection and Enforcement
”.

Secured loans to
retail customers are secured by the assets financed (predominantly property and vehicles). We are entitled in terms of our security documents
to repossess security comprising assets such as plants, equipment and vehicles without reference to the courts or tribunals unless a
client makes a reference to such courts or tribunals to stay our actions. In respect of our retail loans, we adopt a standardized collection
process designed to ensure prompt action for follow-up on overdue loans and recovery of defaulted amounts.

154

Table of Contents

Non-performing Loans

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the change in our gross (net of write-offs, interest suspense and derivatives income reversal)
non-performing loan portfolio
(1)
.

At March 31,
Particulars   2023   2024   2024
(in millions)
A. Consumer loans and credit card receivables (2)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   113,271   Rs.   102,541   US$   1,230
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   124,751   147,378   1,768
Less: Upgrade (3)   (54,558   )   (44,259   )   (531   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (43,226   )   (35,507   )   (426   )
Write-offs   (37,697   )   (50,921   )   (611   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   102,541   Rs.   119,232   US$   1,430
B. Commercial (4)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   232,243   Rs.   209,929   US$   2,519
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   67,050   47,242   567
Less: Upgrade (3)   (36,192   )   (48,040   )   (576   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (43,914   )   (32,602   )   (391   )
Write-offs   (9,258   )   (16,153   )   (194   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   209,929   Rs.   160,376   US$   1,925
C. Leasing and related activities
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   US$   —
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   —   —   —
Less: Upgrade (3)   —   —   —
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   —   —   —
Write-offs   —   —   —
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year   Rs.   —   Rs.   —   US$   —
D. Total non-performing loans (A+B+C)
Non-performing loans at the beginning of the fiscal year   Rs.   345,514   Rs.   312,470   US$   3,749
Addition: New non-performing loans during the year   191,801   194,620   2,335
Less: Upgrade (3)   (90,750   )   (92,299   )   (1,107   )
Recoveries (excluding recoveries made from upgraded accounts)   (87,140   )   (68,109   )   (817   )
Write-offs   (46,955   )   (67,074   )   (805   )
Non-performing loans at the end of the fiscal year (4)   Rs.   312,470   Rs.   279,608   US$   3,355

(1)   Includes
                                            loans identified as impaired in accordance with guidelines issued by regulators of the respective
                                            subsidiaries.

(2)   Includes
                                            home loans, automobile loans, commercial business loans, two-wheeler loans, personal loans,
                                            credit card receivables, jewel loans, farm equipment loans and other rural loan products.

(3)   Represents
                                            accounts that were previously classified as non-performing but have been upgraded to performing.

(4)   Includes
                                            working capital finance.

Gross additions
to non-performing consumer loans increased from Rs. 124.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 147.4 billion in fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2024,
we upgraded non-performing consumer loans of Rs. 44.3 billion as compared to Rs. 54.6 billion in fiscal 2023. In fiscal 2024, we made
recoveries against non-performing consumer loans of Rs. 35.5 billion (fiscal 2023: Rs. 43.3 billion) and wrote off non-performing loans
amounting to Rs. 50.9 billion (fiscal 2023: Rs. 37.7 billion). Gross non-performing consumer loans increased from Rs. 102.5 billion at
year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 119.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

155

Table of Contents

The gross additions
to non-performing commercial loans decreased from Rs. 67.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 47.2 billion in fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2024,
we upgraded non-performing commercial loans amounting to Rs. 48.0 billion as compared to Rs. 36.2 billion in fiscal 2023 and made recoveries
of non-performing commercial loans amounting to Rs. 32.5 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared to Rs. 43.9 billion in fiscal 2023. In fiscal
2024, commercial loans amounting to Rs. 16.2 billion were written-off, as compared to Rs. 9.3 billion in fiscal 2023, based on a borrower-specific
evaluation of the probability of recovery and collectability of the loans. Gross non-performing commercial loans decreased from Rs. 209.9
billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 160.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

As a result of
the above, our gross non-performing loans decreased by 10.5% from Rs. 312.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 279.6 billion at year-end
fiscal 2024. Our net non-performing loans increased by 0.7% from Rs. 58.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 58.4 billion at year-end
fiscal 2024. The net non-performing loans ratio remains same 0.5% at year-end fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023.

The total non-fund
based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing was Rs. 36.7 billion at March 31, 2024 as compared to Rs. 37.8 billion at
March 31, 2023.

Restructured Loans

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, information regarding roll-forward and average balances of standard restructured loans.

At March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Opening balance (gross restructured loans)   Rs.   93,266   Rs.   52,514   US$   630   (43.7%   )
Add: Loans restructured during the year   766   1,231   15   60.8
Add: Increase in loans outstanding in respect of previously restructured loans/borrowers   1,379   995   12   (27.8   )
Less: Loans upgraded to standard category during the year   (3,956   )   (1,144   )   (14   )   —
Less: Loans downgraded to non-performing category during the year   (20,717   )   (3,887   )   (47   )   (81.2   )
Less: Repayments/change in management/conversion to equity shares during the year   (18,224   )   (14,029   )   (168   )   (23.0   )
Gross restructured loans   Rs.   52,514   Rs.   35,680   US$   428   (32.1%   )
Provisions for restructured loans   (1,779   )   (1,443   )   (17   )   (18.9   )
Net restructured loans   Rs.   50,735   Rs.   34,237   US$   411   (32.5%   )
Average balance of net restructured loans (1)   Rs.   72,506   Rs.   42,685   US$   512   (41.1%   )
Gross loans   Rs.   11,094,954   Rs.   12,830,460   US$   153,953   15.6%
Net loans   Rs.   10,838,663   Rs.   12,607,762   US$   151,281   16.3%
Gross restructured loans as a percentage of gross loans   0.5%   0.3%
Net restructured loans as a percentage of net loans   0.5%   0.3%

(1)   The
                                            average balance is the average of quarterly balances outstanding at the end of March of the
                                            previous year and June, September, December and March of the current year.

(2)   In
                                            addition, the Bank holds general provision amounting to Rs. 9,034 million at year-end fiscal
                                            2024 (year-end fiscal 2023: Rs. 12,825 million) on these restructured loans, subject to minimum
                                            provisioning requirement as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

In fiscal 2024,
we restructured loans of borrowers classified as standard, as well as made additional disbursements to borrowers whose loans had been
restructured in prior years, aggregating to Rs. 1.2 billion. Further, in fiscal 2024, restructured standard loans amounting to Rs. 3.9
billion were classified as non-performing due to failure of borrowers to perform as per restructured debt terms. The gross outstanding
standard restructured loans decreased from Rs. 52.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 35.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, and
the net outstanding restructured loans decreased from Rs. 50.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 34.2 billion at year-end fiscal
2024.

156

Table of Contents

The Bank’s
outstanding non-fund based facilities to borrowers whose loans were classified as restructured were Rs. 2.5 billion at year-end fiscal
2024.

The aggregate gross
non-performing and standard restructured loans decreased by Rs. 49.7 billion, or 13.6%, from Rs. 365.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023
to Rs. 315.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. The aggregate net non-performing and restructured loans decreased by Rs. 16.1 billion,
or 14.8%, from Rs. 108.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 92.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

The Reserve Bank
of India has issued guidelines permitting banks to refinance long-term project loans to infrastructure and other core industries at periodic
intervals without such refinancing being considered as restructuring. At year-end fiscal 2024, loans amounting to Rs. 3.3 billion (at
year-end fiscal 2023: Rs. 7.7 billion) were classified as standard.

The Bank’s
Canadian subsidiary in 2018 adopted International Financial Reporting Standards 9 (IFRS 9) – Financial Instruments and measures
impairment loss on all financial assets using expected credit loss model based on a three-stage approach. At March 31, 2024, the Bank’s
Canadian subsidiary classified exposure of Rs. 102.4 billion as Stage-2 (March 31, 2023: Rs. 63.5 billion) (financial assets, that are
not credit impaired, but which have experienced significant increase in credit risk since origination), with allowance for expected credit
loss of Rs. 0.8 billion (March 31, 2023: Rs. 0.9 billion) in fiscal 2024. The Stage-2 assets increased primarily in the mortgage portfolio
due to decline in bureau scores of borrowers.

Provisions and
contingencies (excluding provision for tax)

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the composition of provisions and contingencies, excluding provisions for tax.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Provision for investments (net)   Rs.   13,917   Rs.   7,050   US$   85   (49.3%   )
Provision for non-performing and other assets   (3,654   )   9,636   116   N/M
Provision for standard assets   4,899   11,658   140   —
Others (1) …………………...   54,237   8,780   105   (83.8   )
Total provisions and contingencies (excluding provision for tax)   Rs.   69,399   Rs.   37,124   US$   446   (46.5%   )

N/M – Not
meaningful

(1)   Includes
                                            contingency provision amounting to Rs. 56.5 billion on a prudent basis for fiscal 2023.

Provisions and
contingencies (excluding provision for tax) decreased by 46.5% from Rs. 69.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 37.1 billion in fiscal 2024,
primarily due to a decrease in other provisions and contingencies, partially offset by an increase in provision on non-performing and
other assets.

157

Table of Contents

Provision for non-performing
and other assets increased from a write-back of Rs. 3.7 billion in fiscal 2023 to a provision of Rs. 9.6 billion in fiscal 2024. During
fiscal 2024, there were higher net additions to non-performing assets primarily in retail and rural loans, partially offset by recoveries
and upgrades in non-retail loans. During fiscal 2023, there were higher recoveries and upgrades from non-performing assets resulting
in net write-back of provision, partially offset by an increase in provisioning rate for certain non-performing asset categories. During
fiscal 2023, the Bank changed its provisioning norms on non-performing assets to make them more conservative. The provision coverage
ratio (i.e., specific provisions against non-performing loans as a percentage of gross non-performing loans) decreased from 81.5% at
March 31, 2023 to 79.1% at March 31, 2024.

Provision for investments
decreased from a provision of Rs. 13.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 7.1 billion in fiscal 2024. During fiscal 2024, ICICI Bank made
a provision of Rs. 5.4 billion on its investments in Alternate Investment Funds pursuant to Reserve Bank of India guideline dated December
19, 2023, and provision on equity shares on conversion of loan. During fiscal 2023, the ICICI Bank primarily made a provision on debentures,
equity shares on conversion of loan and additional provision made on security receipts.

Provision for standard
assets increased from Rs. 4.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 11.7 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in provision for
standard assets of the Bank. Provision for standard assets of the Bank increased from Rs. 5.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 11.6 billion
in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in domestic loans and upgrade of certain impaired loans to standard.

Other
provisions decreased from Rs. 54.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 8.8 billion in fiscal 2024. Provision for non-fund outstanding of the
Bank increased from a write-back of Rs. 5.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to a provision of Rs. 0.3 billion in fiscal 2024. During fiscal 2023,
the Bank made a contingency provision amounting to Rs. 56.5 billion on a prudent basis.

Provision for
Tax

The provision for
income tax expense increased from Rs. 117.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 154.3 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase
in profit before tax. The effective tax rate increased marginally from 25.0% in fiscal 2023 to 25.1% in fiscal 2024.

Financial Position

Assets

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, the principal components of assets.

At March 31
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Cash and cash equivalents (1)   Rs.   1,364,565   Rs.   1,627,689   US$   19,531   19.3%
Investments   6,395,520   8,271,625   99,252   29.3
Advances (net of provisions)   10,838,663   12,607,762   151,281   16.3
Fixed assets   109,690   132,403   1,589   20.7
Other assets   875,454   976,409   11,716   11.5
Goodwill on consolidation   1,013   24,742   297   —
Total assets   Rs.   19,584,905   Rs.   23,640,630   US$   283,666   20.7%

(1)   Includes
                                            cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India, balances with banks and money at call and short
                                            notice.

(2)   ICICI
                                            Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary
                                            of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. I-Process Services (India) Private Limited
                                            ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from
                                            March 22, 2024. Accordingly, assets at year-end fiscal 2024 are not comparable with the assets
                                            at year-end fiscal 2023.

158

Table of Contents

Our total assets
increased by 20.7% from Rs. 19,584.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 23,640.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to
an increase investments, net advances and cash and cash equivalents.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents
increased by 19.3% from Rs. 1,364.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,627.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to
an increase in balance with Reserve Bank of India to maintain cash reserve ratio, standing deposit facility lending to the Reserve Bank
of India, term money lent in foreign currency and short term money lending in India, partially offset by a decrease in term money lending
in India.

Investments

Total investments
increased by 29.3% from Rs. 6,395.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 8,271.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

Investments of
the Bank increased from Rs. 3,623.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 4,619.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to
an increase in investments in Indian government securities, bonds and debentures, pass through certificates, certificate of deposits
and equity investment in I-Process Services (India) Private Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Investments of
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased from Rs. 2,426.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 2,843.5 billion at year-end
fiscal 2024. Investments held to cover linked liabilities increased from Rs. 1,440.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,648.4 billion
at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily attributable to unrealized gains due to equity market performance during the year. Investments, other
than investments held to cover linked liabilities, increased from Rs. 986.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,195.1 billion at
year-end fiscal 2024, primarily attributable to net inflows into the fund.

Investments of
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited increased from Rs. 247.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 315.6 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in investments in Indian government securities, partially offset by treasury bills.

Investments of
ICICI Bank UK PLC increased from Rs. 52.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 57.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due
to an increase in investments in corporate bonds and government securities, partially offset by decrease in treasury bills.

Investments of
ICICI Bank Canada decreased from Rs. 34.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 27.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due
to a decrease in investment in government bonds and bankers acceptance, partially offset by increase in treasury bills.

Total investments
at year-end fiscal 2024 include investments of Rs. 479.7 billion held by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Our total investment
in Indian government securities increased by 27.7 % from Rs. 3,960.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 5,055.9 billion at year-end
fiscal 2024.

159

Table of Contents

At year-end fiscal
2024, the Bank had an outstanding net investment of Rs. 0.3 billion in security receipts issued by asset reconstruction companies as
compared to Rs. 2.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. See also “
Business—Overview of Our Products and Services—Investment
Banking—Treasury
”.

Classification
of investments

Held-to-maturity

The amortized
cost of our held-to-maturity portfolio increased from Rs. 3,418.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 4,442.6 billion at year-end
fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in investment in government securities and corporate debt securities. Net unrealized gain on
the held-to-maturity portfolio decreased from Rs. 193.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 23.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.
In fiscal 2024, investment in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited being a subsidiary, was classified as held-to-maturity
and eliminated at consolidated level. Interest earned on the held-to-maturity debt portfolio increased from Rs. 204.4 billion in fiscal
2023 to Rs. 261.3 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in average portfolio and yield of government securities.

Available-for-sale

The amortized cost
of our available-for-sale portfolio increased from Rs. 1,131.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,303.4 billion at year-end fiscal
2024. The investment in government securities increased from Rs. 624.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 671.4 billion at year-end
fiscal 2024. The investments in corporate debt securities decreased from Rs. 217.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 205.0 billion
at year-end fiscal 2024. Investments in other debt securities increased from Rs. 126.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 194.5 billion
at year-end fiscal 2024. Investments in equity shares increased from Rs. 123.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 189.3 billion at
year-end fiscal 2024. At year-end fiscal 2024, equity shares classified as available for sale amounting to Rs. 84.1 billion were held
by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, Rs. 54.8 billion were held by ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and
Rs. 40.8 billion were held by the Bank. Other investments (primarily include mutual fund units, security receipts, venture fund units
and preference shares) increased from Rs. 39.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 43.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

Net
unrealized gain on debt investments was Rs. 5.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 as compared to a net unrealized loss of Rs. 0.9 billion
at year-end fiscal 2023, primarily due to net unrealized gain on other debt securities and corporate debt securities. Net unrealized
gain on equity securities increased from Rs. 53.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 91.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

Net unrealized
gain on other investments was Rs. 4.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 as compared to a net unrealized loss of Rs. 1.0 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023, primarily due to increase in unrealized gain on equity mutual fund investments to Rs. 4.2 billion.

Held-for-trading

Investments
in held-for-trading debt securities increased from Rs. 400.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 840.1 billion at year-end fiscal
2024, primarily due to an increase in investment in government securities, certificate of deposits, commercial paper and corporate bonds.
Net unrealized gain on the held-for-trading portfolio decreased from Rs. 0.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to an insignificant amount
at year-end fiscal 2024.

Advances

Net advances increased
by 16.3% from Rs. 10,838.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 12,607.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase
in retail advances of ICICI Bank.

160

Table of Contents

Net advances of
the Bank increased by 16.2% from Rs. 10,196.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 11,844.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. Net retail
advances of the Bank increased by 19.4% from Rs. 5,578.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 6,662.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.
Net advances of the Bank’s overseas branches decreased by 1.9% from Rs. 341.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 334.5 billion
at year-end fiscal 2024. See also “
Business – Loan Portfolio
”.

Net advances of
ICICI Home Finance increased by 29.0% from Rs. 171.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 221.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily
due to disbursements of retail mortgage loans, partially offset by sell-down of retail mortgage loans.

Net advances of
ICICI Bank UK PLC increased by 6.6% from Rs. 81.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 86.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in trade facilities.

Net advances of
ICICI Bank Canada increased by 2.1% from Rs. 314.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 321.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily
due to increase in corporate loans and overdrafts, personal loans and trade finance lending, partially offset by a decrease in insured
and securitized mortgages.

Fixed and other assets

Fixed assets include
premises, furniture and fixtures, assets given on lease and other fixed assets. Fixed assets increased by 20.7% from Rs. 109.7 billion
at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 132.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

Other assets increased
from Rs. 875.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 976.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in interest
accrued on loans and investments, margin deposit paid for treasury products, partially offset by a decrease in rural infrastructure development
fund and other related depo%sits, mark-to-market on foreign exchange and derivative transactions and trade receivables. The Bank is an
active participant in the interest and foreign exchange derivative market. While the positive mark-to-market on such transactions are
accounted in ‘Other Assets’, the negative mark-to-market on offsetting transactions are accounted in ‘Other Liabilities’.
Other assets for fiscal 2024 include Rs. 134.6 billion related to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Liabilities and
Stockholders’ Equity

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, the principal components of liabilities and stockholders’ equity.

At March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Deposits   Rs.   12,108,322   Rs.   14,435,800   US$   173,216   19.2%
Borrowings (1)   1,890,618   2,074,280   24,889   9.7
Other liabilities   3,374,120   4,430,228   53,159   31.3
Total liabilities   17,373,060   20,940,308   251,264   20.5
Minority interest   66,867   138,884   1,667   —
Capital   13,968   14,047   169   0.6
Reserves and surplus (2)   2,131,010   2,547,391   30,566   19.5
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   Rs.   19,584,905   Rs.   23,640,630   US$   283,666   20.7%

(1)   Includes
                                            subordinated debt.

(2)   Includes
                                            employees’ stock options outstanding.

(3)   ICICI
                                            Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary
                                            of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. I-Process Services (India) Private Limited
                                            ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from
                                            March 22, 2024. Accordingly, the liabilities at year-end fiscal 2024 are not comparable with
                                            the liabilities at year-end fiscal 2023.

161

Table of Contents

Our total liabilities
(including capital, reserves and surplus and minority interest) increased by 20.7% from Rs. 19,584.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023
to Rs. 23,640.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in deposits and other liabilities.

Deposits

Deposits increased
by 19.2% from Rs. 12,108.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 14,435.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

Deposits of the
Bank increased by 19.2% from Rs. 11,808.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 14,128.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. Term deposits
increased by 27.7% from Rs. 6,395.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 8,169.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. Savings account deposits
increased by 5.9% from Rs. 3,797.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 4,023.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 and current account
deposits increased by 19.9% from Rs. 1,614.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,935.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. The current
account and savings account deposits increased by 10.1% from Rs. 5,412.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 5,958.7 billion at year-end
fiscal 2024. Deposits of overseas branches increased from Rs. 147.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 151.5 billion at year-end
fiscal 2024. The total deposits of the Bank at year-end fiscal 2024 formed 91.9% of its funding (i.e., deposits and borrowings) as compared
to 90.8% at year-end fiscal 2023. See also
“Selected Statistical Information—Funding”.

Deposits of ICICI
Bank Canada increased from Rs. 193.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 196.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to an
increase in current and term deposits.

Deposits of ICICI
Bank UK PLC increased from Rs. 132.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 137.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to an
increase in corporate term and current deposits.

Average savings
account deposits increased by 3.8% from Rs. 3,492.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 3,625.7 billion in fiscal 2024. Average current account
deposits increased by 11.4% from Rs. 1,376.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,532.4 billion in fiscal 2024. Average current account and
savings account deposits increased by 6.0% from Rs. 4,868.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 5,158.1 billion in fiscal 2024. The average
current account and savings account ratio was at 40.1% at year-end fiscal 2024 as compared to 44.6% at year-end fiscal 2023. Average
current account and savings account deposits were 34.0% of the funding (i.e., deposits and borrowings) for fiscal 2024 as compared to
37.9% for fiscal 2023.

Borrowings

Borrowings increased
by 9.7% from Rs. 1,890.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 2,074.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

Borrowings of the
Bank increased by 4.7% from Rs. 1,193.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,249.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due
to an increase in foreign currency term money borrowings, refinance borrowings, call money borrowings in India and bullion borrowings,
partially offset by a decrease in subordinated debt. Net borrowings of overseas branches increased from Rs. 258.1 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023 to Rs. 295.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

162

Table of Contents

Borrowings of ICICI
Securities Primary Dealership Company increased from Rs. 302.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 319.6 billion at year-end fiscal
2024, primarily due to an increase in borrowings under Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) and repo borrowings.

Borrowings of ICICI
Home Finance Company increased from Rs. 147.3 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 186.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in bond borrowings, term loans from other banks and fixed deposits, partially offset by a decrease in commercial papers.

Borrowings of ICICI
Securities Limited increased from Rs. 92.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 166.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due
to an increase in short-term borrowings.

Borrowings of ICICI
Bank UK PLC increased from Rs. 10.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 11.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due new repo
borrowings.

Borrowings of ICICI
Bank Canada decreased from Rs. 140.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 132.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to a
decrease in securitized borrowings.

Other liabilities

Other liabilities
primarily consist of sundry creditors, bills payable and liabilities on insurance policies in force pertaining to our insurance subsidiary.
Other liabilities increased by 31.3% from Rs. 3,374.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 4,430.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.
Liabilities on policies in force of our life insurance business increased by 17.8% from Rs. 2,388.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to
Rs. 2,813.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. Other liabilities of the Bank increased by 14.4% from Rs. 833.3 billion at year-end fiscal
2023 to Rs. 953.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in total creditors and security deposits. Other liabilities
at year-end fiscal 2024 include Rs. 503.2 billion related to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Capital and reserves
and surplus

Capital and reserves
and surplus increased from Rs. 2,145.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 2,561.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due
to the annual accretion to reserves and surplus out of profit, partially offset by payment of dividend.

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

Please refer to
“
Consolidated financial Statements—Consolidated cash flow statements
.”

Cash and cash equivalents
increased by 19.3% from Rs. 1,364.6 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,627.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

There was a net
cash inflow from operating activities of Rs. 1,572.8 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared to a net cash outflow of Rs. 37.7 billion in
fiscal 2023 primarily due to an increase in deposits and decrease in investments in fiscal 2024 as compared to fiscal 2023.

The net cash outflow
from investing activities increased from Rs. 680.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1,459.3 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to higher
net purchase of held-to-maturity securities.

The net cash inflow
from financing activities decreased from Rs. 247.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 137.6 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase
in repayment of long-term borrowings, partially offset by net increase in proceeds in short-term borrowings in fiscal 2024 as compared
to fiscal 2023.

163

Table of Contents

For a discussion
of our results in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 and certain comparative numbers in fiscal 2023, please refer to “Part I —
Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” contained in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal 2023 filed with the
U.S Securities and Exchange Commission on July 28, 2023.

Off Balance Sheet
Arrangements

Foreign Exchange
and Derivatives Contracts

We enter into foreign
exchange forwards, options, swaps and other derivatives products to enable customers to transfer, modify or reduce their foreign exchange
and interest rate risks and to manage our own interest rate and foreign exchange positions. These instruments are used to manage foreign
exchange and interest rate risk relating to specific groups of on-balance sheet assets and liabilities. For additional details, see also
note 13 to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes” included herein.

Guarantees

We have issued
guarantees to support business requirements of certain of our clients. Guarantees represent irrevocable assurances that the Bank will
pay in the event a customer fails to fulfill its financial or performance obligations. The guarantees are generally for a period not
exceeding 10 years. We enter into guarantee arrangements after conducting appropriate due diligence on our clients. We generally review
these facilities on an annual basis. If a client’s risk profile deteriorates to an unacceptable level, we may choose not to renew
the guarantee upon expiry or may require additional security sufficient to protect our exposure.

Upon default by
a client under the terms of the guarantee, the beneficiary may exercise its rights under the guarantees, and we are obligated to honor
payments to the beneficiaries. Banks and financial institutions are beneficiaries for some of our financial guarantees, so as to enable
clients to receive financial assistance from these banks and financial institutions. If our clients default on such loans, the banks
and financial institutions may exercise their rights under the guarantee and we would be obligated to honor payments to them.

For additional
details, see also note 22(o) to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial
statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Commitments

Securitization

The Bank primarily
securitizes retail loans through securitization transactions involving special purpose entities, usually constituted as trusts. After
securitization of the loans, we continue to act as the servicing agent, maintain customer account relationships and service these set
of loans transferred to the securitization trusts.

The Bank acts in
different capacities and under different contracts for a consideration including as originator, liquidity facility provider, servicing
agent credit enhancement provider, underwriter, and senior contributor. The Bank has provided credit enhancements (first loss and second
loss enhancement) on securitized pools originated by the Bank and guarantees (second loss enhancement) provided to the pools originated
by a third party.

164

Table of Contents

The total outstanding
first loss credit enhancements at year-end fiscal 2024 were Rs. 0.7 billion and second loss credit enhancements were Rs. 0.7 billion
for securitized pools originated by the Bank. With respect to the second loss guarantees provided to the third party originated pools,
the outstanding at year-end fiscal 2024 was Rs. 1.2 billion.

Loan Commitments

We have outstanding
undrawn commitments to provide loans and financing to customers. The commitments have fixed expiration dates and are generally contingent
upon the borrower’s ability to continue to meet specified credit standards. For additional details, see also note 11 to our “Consolidated
financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Capital Commitments

We are obligated
under a number of capital contracts. Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature, which have been committed. For additional
details, see also note 12 to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial
statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Long-term
Debt Obligations

Long-term debt
represents debt with an original contractual maturity greater than one year. Maturity distribution is based on contractual maturity,
or the date at which the debt is callable at the option of the holder, whichever is earlier.

For additional
details, see also note 3 to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes” included herein.

Time Deposits

Time deposits represent
deposits with fixed maturity terms. Most of the time deposits can be withdrawn by the depositors any time before maturity, subject to
certain prepayment charges.

For additional
details, see also note 2 to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes” included herein.

Life Insurance
Obligations

Life insurance
obligations primarily include liabilities for life insurance policies, including both unit-linked and non-linked policies.

A unit-linked life
insurance policy is a policy in which the cash value of the policy varies according to the net asset value of units (i.e., shares) in
investment assets chosen by the policyholder. The unit liability is equal to the net asset value of the units in each policy as of the
valuation date. The non-unit liability for linked insurance policies and the liability for non-linked life insurance policies is calculated
using the gross premium method using assumptions for interest, mortality, expense and inflation. For participating policies, the assumptions
are also made for future bonuses, together with allowances for taxation and allocation of profits to shareholders. These assumptions
are determined as prudent estimates at the date of valuation with allowances for adverse deviations.

Total life insurance
obligation at year-end fiscal 2024 was Rs. 6,094.14 billion.

165

Table of Contents

Gratuity
Obligations

We provide gratuity,
a defined benefit retirement plan covering all employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service.
The plan provides a lump sum payment to eligible employees at retirement or termination of employment based on the respective employee’s
salary and years of employment with us.

For additional
details, see also note 22(j) to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial
statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Pension Obligations

The Bank provides
pensions—deferred retirement plans—covering certain employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan.
The plans provide for monthly pension payments to these employees when they retire and are based on the respective employees’ years
of service with the Bank, the applicable salary and a cost of living adjustment.

For additional
details, see also note 22(j) to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial
statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Operating
and Finance Lease Obligations

We have commitments
under long-term operating leases and finance leases principally for premises and office equipment.

For additional
details, see also note 22(k) to our “Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial
statements—Additional notes” included herein.

Capital Resources

We actively manage
our capital to meet regulatory norms and current and future business needs, considering the risks in our businesses, expectations of
rating agencies, shareholders and investors, and the available options of raising capital. Our capital management framework is administered
by the Finance Group and the Risk Management Group under the supervision of the Board and the Risk Committee. The capital adequacy position
and assessment is reported to the Board and the Risk Committee periodically.

Regulatory Capital

The Bank is subject
to the Basel III capital adequacy guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India applicable from April 1, 2013.

The Basel III rules
on capital consist of measures on improving the quality, consistency and transparency of capital, enhancing risk coverage, introducing
a supplementary leverage ratio, reducing pro-cyclicality and promoting counter-cyclical buffers and addressing systemic risk and inter-connectedness.

At year-end fiscal
2024, ICICI Bank was required to maintain a minimum Common Equity Tier-1 capital ratio of 8.20%, minimum Tier-1 capital ratio of 9.70%
and minimum total capital ratio of 11.70%. The minimum total capital requirement includes a capital conservation buffer of 2.50% and
a capital surcharge of 0.20% on account of the Bank being designated as a Domestic Systemically Important Bank (D-SIB). Under Pillar
1 of the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on Basel III, the Bank follows the standardized approach for measurement of credit risk, the
standardized duration method for measurement of market risk and the basic indicator approach for measurement of operational risk.

166

Table of Contents

Unconsolidated
capital adequacy position

The following table
sets forth, at the dates indicated, regulatory capital, risk-weighted assets and risk-based capital ratios computed in accordance with
the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines and based on the Bank’s unconsolidated financial statements prepared in
accordance with Indian GAAP.

As per the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines
At year-end fiscal 2023 (1)   2024 (1)   2024
(in millions, except percentages)
Tier 1 capital   Rs.   1,884,171   Rs.   2,142,170   US$   25,704
Of which: Common equity Tier 1 capital   1,832,771   2,142,170   25,704
Tier 2 capital   78,652   100,104   1,201
Total capital   Rs.   1,962,823   Rs.   2,242,274   US$   26,905
Credit risk: risk-weighted assets   Rs.   8,936,530   Rs.   11,605,272   US$   139,252
Market risk: risk-weighted assets   688,087   836,497   10,037
Operational risk: risk-weighted assets   1,080,534   1,285,848   15,429
Total risk-weighted assets   Rs.   10,705,151   Rs.   13,727,617   US$   164,718
Common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   17.1%   15.6%
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   17.6%   15.6%
Tier 2 risk-based capital ratio   0.7%   0.7%
Total risk-based capital ratio   18.3%   16.3%

(1)   Post
                                            appropriation of proposed dividend

In fiscal 2024,
capital funds (net of deductions) increased by Rs. 279.5 billion from Rs. 1,962.8 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 2,242.3 billion
at year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in retained earnings, partially offset by redemption of perpetual debt instruments
and an increase in capital fund deduction consequent to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and I-Process Services (India)
Private Limited becoming subsidiaries of the Bank during fiscal 2024.

Risk-weighted assets
relating to credit risk increased by Rs. 2,668.7 billion from Rs. 8,936.5 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 11,605.3 billion at
year-end fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase of Rs. 2,150.1 billion in risk-weighted assets for on-balance sheet assets and an
increase of Rs. 518.6 billion in risk-weighted assets for off-balance sheet exposures. On-balance sheet risk-weighted assets increased
primarily due to growth in advances and an increase in risk weight on certain categories of advances during the year. Off-balance sheet
risk-weighted assets increased primarily due to an increase in non-fund exposures.

Risk-weighted assets
relating to market risk increased by Rs. 148.4 billion from Rs. 688.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2023 to Rs. 836.5 billion at year-end
fiscal 2024, primarily on account of investments in government securities during the year.

Risk-weighted assets
relating to operational risk increased by Rs. 205.4 billion from Rs. 1,080.5 billion at March 31, 2023 to Rs. 1,285.9 billion at March
31, 2024. The operational risk capital charge is computed based on 15% of the average of the previous three financial years’ gross
income and is revised on an annual basis at June 30. Risk-weighted assets are arrived at by multiplying the capital charge by 12.5.

167

Table of Contents

Consolidated
capital adequacy position

Consolidation for
regulatory capital calculations is based on the consolidated financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries, in line with the
standards on consolidated prudential reporting issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The entities considered for consolidation for regulatory
capital calculations include subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the Bank, which carry on activities of a banking or of a
financial nature as stated in the reporting guidelines prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. Entities engaged in the insurance business
and businesses not pertaining to financial services are excluded from consolidation for capital adequacy calculation. Under the Basel
III guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India, equity and other regulatory capital investments in the unconsolidated insurance and non-financial
subsidiaries are deducted from consolidated regulatory capital of the group.

At year-end fiscal
2024, our total risk-based capital ratios at the consolidated level as per Basel III guidelines of the Reserve Bank of India were common
equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 15.43%, Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 15.43% and total risk-based capital ratio of 16.14%
against the current requirement of minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.20%, a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 9.70% and a
minimum total capital ratio of 11.70% respectively.

Internal
assessment of capital

Our capital management
framework includes a comprehensive internal capital adequacy assessment process conducted annually which determines the adequate level
of capitalization required to meet regulatory norms and current and future business needs. The Bank also performs adequate stress testing,
as determined by several stress scenarios. The internal capital adequacy assessment process is undertaken at both the stand alone bank
level and the consolidated group level. The internal capital adequacy assessment process encompasses capital planning for a four-year
time horizon, assessment of material risks and the relationship between risk and capital.

The capital management
framework is complemented by our risk management framework, which covers the policies, processes, methodologies and frameworks established
for the management of material risks. Stress testing, which is a key aspect of the internal capital adequacy assessment process and the
risk management framework, provides an insight into the impact of extreme but plausible scenarios on the risk profile and capital position.
Based on our Board-approved stress testing framework, we conduct stress tests on our various portfolios and assess the impact on our
capital ratios and the adequacy of our capital buffers for current and future periods. We periodically assess and refine our stress testing
framework in an effort to ensure that the stress scenarios capture material risks as well as reflect possible extreme market moves that
could arise as a result of market conditions and the operating environment. The business and capital plans and the stress testing results
of the ICICI Bank entities are integrated into the internal capital adequacy assessment process.

Based on the internal
capital adequacy assessment process, we determine the level of capital that needs to be maintained by considering the following factors
in an integrated manner:

·   strategic
                                            focus, business plan and growth objectives;

·   regulatory
                                            capital requirements as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines;

·   assessment
                                            of material risks and impact of stress testing;

·   perception
                                            of shareholders and investors;

·   future
                                            strategy with regard to investments or divestments in subsidiaries; and

·   evaluation
                                            of options to raise capital from domestic and overseas markets, as permitted by the Reserve
                                            Bank of India from time to time.

168

Table of Contents

We continue to
monitor relevant developments and believe that our current robust capital adequacy position and demonstrated track record of access to
domestic and overseas markets for capital raising will enable us to maintain the necessary levels of capital as required by regulations
while continuing to grow our business.

Liquidity Risk

Liquidity risk
is the current and prospective risk arising out of an inability to meet financial commitments as they fall due, through available cash
flows or through the sale of assets at fair market value. It includes both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding an
asset portfolio at appropriate maturities and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner at a reasonable price.
We actively monitor our liquidity position and attempt to maintain adequate liquidity at all times. Most of our incremental funding requirements
are met through short-term funding sources, primarily in the form of deposits including interbank deposits. However, a large portion
of our assets, primarily the corporate and home loan portfolio, have medium or long-term maturities, creating a potential for funding
mismatches.

The Bank promotes
a continuous information flow and an active dialogue between the funding and borrowing divisions of the Bank to enable optimal liquidity
management. A separate group is responsible for liquidity management. ICICI Bank is required to submit gap reports in rupee and other
major currencies for domestic operations on a fortnightly basis to the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank prepares a daily maturity gap
analysis for the overseas operations and rupee book for the domestic operations. Our static gap analysis is also supplemented by a short-term
dynamic cash-flow analysis, in order to provide the liability raising units with a fair estimate of our funding requirements in the near-term.
In addition, the Bank monitor its liquidity coverage ratio on a daily basis and certain other liquidity ratios on a fortnightly basis.
ICICI Bank has a liquidity contingency plan in place, through which the Bank monitors key indicators that could signal potential liquidity
challenges, to enable us to take necessary measures to ensure sufficient liquidity.

Sources of
Funding and Liquidity

The Bank maintains
diverse sources of liquidity to facilitate flexibility in meeting funding requirements. Incremental operations in India are principally
funded by accepting deposits from retail and corporate depositors. These deposits are augmented by issuance of certificate of deposits,
borrowings in the short-term interbank market, through refinance agencies and through the issuance of bonds. The Bank also has recourse
to the liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility, which are short-term funding arrangements provided by the Reserve
Bank of India. The Bank generally maintains a substantial portfolio of high quality liquid securities that may be sold on an immediate
basis to meet our liquidity needs. ICICI Bank also has the option of managing liquidity by borrowing in the interbank market on a short-term
basis. The overnight market, which is a significant part of the interbank market, is susceptible to volatile interest rates. These interest
rates on certain occasions have reached highs of 100.0% and above. To curtail reliance on such volatile funding sources, our Asset Liability
Management Policy stipulates daily limits for borrowing and lending in this market. ICICI Securities Primary Dealership also relies on
the repo market and interbank market for its funding requirements. It is therefore also exposed to similar risk of volatile interest
rates. However, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership being a primary dealer, also has access to the standing liquidity facility from Reserve
Bank of India and any liquidity adjustment facility as and when announced by Reserve Bank of India.

Our gross liquid
assets consist of cash, nostro balances, overnight and other short-term money market placements, government bonds and treasury bills
(including investments eligible for reserve requirements and net of borrowings on account of repurchase agreements, the liquidity adjustment
facility and the marginal standing facility), corporate bonds (rated AA- and above), other money market investments such as commercial
papers and certificates of deposits and mutual fund investments. The Bank deducts short-term money-market borrowings (borrowings with
contractual maturity up to 30 days) from the aggregate of these assets to determine net liquid assets.

169

Table of Contents

The Bank maintains
a significant portion of liquid assets in forms required pursuant to regulatory reserve requirements laid down of the Reserve Bank of
India related to maintaining liquidity to meet our demand and time liabilities. The Reserve Bank of India stipulates a cash reserve ratio
applicable to Indian banks, which requires us to maintain an average percentage of our demand and time liabilities as a cash balance
deposited with the Reserve Bank of India over 14-day period. At year-end fiscal 2024, the cash reserve ratio requirement percentage specified
by the Reserve Bank of India was 4.5% of a bank’s net demand and time liabilities. In addition, cash reserves may not fall below
90% of the required cash reserve ratio on any day during any 14-day reporting period.

The Reserve Bank
of India also stipulates a statutory liquidity ratio applicable to Indian banks, which requires us to maintain a certain percentage of
demand and time liabilities in prescribed investments. At year-end fiscal 2024, the statutory liquidity ratio requirement percentage
was 18.0%. Banks are permitted to avail liquidity facility against eligible securities under a special facility under the ‘Facility
to Avail Liquidity for Liquidity Coverage Ratio’. Further, banks can borrow funds at their discretion by dipping into their statutory
liquidity ratio to the extent allowed under the marginal standing facility. As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the carve-out
from the statutory liquidity ratio under the “facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio” was 16.0% of net
demand and time liabilities at year-end fiscal 2024. For the 	marginal standing facility, the carve out is 2.0% of net demand and
time liabilities.

The Reserve Bank
of India has issued guidelines on the Basel III framework on liquidity standards including the liquidity coverage ratio, liquidity risk
monitoring tools and liquidity coverage ratio disclosure standards. As per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the liquidity coverage
ratio has been made applicable to Indian banks on a standalone as well as consolidated basis with a minimum requirement of 100.0% at
year-end fiscal 2024. The liquidity coverage ratio requirement is met by investments in high quality liquid assets. It primarily includes
government securities, in excess of mandatory statutory liquidity ratio and better-rated corporate bonds. High quality liquid assets
also includes specified portion of mandatory statutory liquidity ratio requirement held in the form of government securities under the
"facility to avail liquidity for liquidity coverage ratio” and “marginal standing facility” as specified by the
Reserve Bank of India from time to time. The liquidity coverage ratio disclosure for the three months ended March 31, 2024 is based on
a simple average of daily observations. The liquidity coverage ratio of the Group, for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was 120.7%.

The Reserve Bank
of India has issued guidelines on the Basel III framework on liquidity standards – net stable funding ratio. These guidelines ensure
reduction in funding risk over a longer time horizon by requiring banks to fund their activities with sufficiently stable sources of
funding in order to mitigate the risk of future funding stress. As per the guidelines, the net stable funding ratio should be equal to
at least 100% on an ongoing basis. The net stable funding ratio of the Group, at the year-end fiscal 2024 was 125.9%.

In order to enhance liquidity resilience of the
Bank, the Reserve Bank of India issued its draft guidelines on Basel III framework on liquidity standards - Liquidity Coverage Ratio -
Review of haircuts on High Quality Liquid Assets and run-off rates on certain categories of deposits on July 25, 2024. Technology has
facilitated ability to make instantaneous bank transfers and withdrawals, leading to increase in risks, requiring proactive management.
Based on the draft guidelines, retail deposits with internet and mobile banking facilities are assigned additional run-off factors and
level 1 high quality liquid assets denominated in government securities will attract haircuts in line with the circular for liquidity
adjustment facility and marginal standing facility.

The Bank maintains
liquid assets in addition to statutory liquidity ratio and cash reserve ratio requirements. Throughout fiscal 2024, the Bank maintained
adequate reserves as per the regulatory requirements mentioned above.

170

Table of Contents

The following table
sets forth the components of the 	ICICI Bank’s average and balance sheet date liquid assets.

At March 31, 2023   Fortnightly average for fiscal 2024   At March 31, 2024
(in billions)
Statutory liquidity ratio eligible investments and other government securities, net of borrowings on account of repurchase agreement, liquidity adjustment facility and collateralized borrowings   Rs.   3,105.5   Rs.   3,446.0   Rs.   3,803.7
Balance with central banks and current accounts with other banks   883.8   805.7   1,010.6
Other liquid assets   593.6   503.5   797.6
Gross liquid assets   4,582.9   4,755.2   5,611.9
(Less) Short-term borrowings   10   4.3   4.5
Net liquid assets   Rs.   4,572.9   Rs.   4,750.9   Rs.   5,607.4

ICICI Bank held
net liquid assets totaling to Rs. 5,607.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2024, compared to Rs. 4,572.9 billion at year-end fiscal 2023. In
fiscal 2024, the Bank held fortnightly average net liquid assets of Rs. 4,750.9 billion. In addition to the amounts included in net liquid
assets above, at year-end fiscal 2024, the Bank also held other fixed income non-government securities totaling to Rs. 0.4 billion compared
to Rs. 4.4 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

Under local regulations,
some overseas branches of the Bank are required to maintain a ‘net due’ position with other Group entities (i.e., those branches
need to be a net borrower above a specified amount or they cannot be a net lender beyond a specified amount). Accordingly, surplus liquidity
maintained at those branches can be utilized at other Group entities only to the extent of buffer available in the ‘net due’
position. At year-end fiscal 2024, such overseas branches of the Bank held net liquid assets of Rs. 130.0 billion (equivalent), which
are included in our overall net liquid assets of the Bank of Rs. 5,607.4 billion.

ICICI Bank also
has access to other reliable sources of liquidity. The Reserve Bank of India conducts repo and reverse repo transactions with banks through
its liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility to carry out monetary policy and manage liquidity for the Indian banking
system. The Reserve Bank of India stipulates interest rates applicable to fixed rate repo transactions, fixed rate reverse repo transactions
agreements and its marginal standing facility, which are known as the repo rate, reverse repo rate and marginal standing facility rate
respectively. In addition, the Reserve Bank of India also conducts variable rate repo or reverse repo auctions, rates for which are arrived
through competitive bidding. On April 8, 2022, the Reserve Bank of India operationalized a new standing deposit facility, which replaced
the fixed rate reverse repo as the floor of the liquidity adjustment facility corridor at 25 basis points below the policy repo rate.
At year-end fiscal 2024, the Reserve Bank of India repo rate, fixed rate reverse repo rate, standing deposit facility and marginal standing
facility rate were 6.5%, 3.35%, 6.25% and 6.75% respectively. The liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility are available
throughout the year. At year-end fiscal 2024, under the marginal standing facility, in addition to the eligible securities the Bank holds
in excess of the statutory requirement, the Bank could borrow overnight up to 2.0% of its net demand and time liabilities outstanding
at the end of the second preceding 14-day period. Further, there is a liquid market for repo transactions with other market counterparties.
Banks may enter into repo transactions with the Reserve Bank of India or other market counterparties against the statutory liquidity
ratio eligible securities that hold in excess of the statutory requirement.

At year-end fiscal
2024, ICICI Bank had government securities amounting to Rs. 1,607.5 billion eligible for borrowings through the liquidity adjustment
facility and marginal standing facility from the Reserve Bank of India.

171

Table of Contents

The loan portfolio
at the Bank’s overseas branches as a proportion of the total portfolio has declined from 3.3% at year-end fiscal 2023 to 2.8% at
year-end fiscal 2024. ICICI Bank has a well-defined borrowing program for its overseas operations. The incremental wholesale borrowings
are primarily in the form of interbank and money market borrowings. The Bank also raises refinancing from other banks against eligible
trade assets. Those loans that meet the Export Credit Agencies’ criteria are refinanced as per the agreements entered into with
these agencies. The Bank also raises deposit liabilities, in accordance with the regulatory framework of the host country.

ICICI Bank has
the ability to use its rupee liquidity in India to meet refinancing needs at its overseas branches, although this may be at a relatively
high cost based on swap and exchange rates prevailing at the time. The terms of the Bank’s bond issuances and loans from other
financial institutions and export credit agencies contain cross-default clauses, restrictions on its ability to merge or amalgamate with
another entity and restrictions on the Bank’s ability to prematurely redeem or repay such bonds or loans. The terms of the Bank’s
subordinated debt issuances eligible for inclusion in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital include the suspension of interest payments in the event
of losses or capital deficiencies, and a prohibition on redemption, even at maturity or on specified call option dates, without the prior
approval of the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank is currently not, and does not expect to be, in breach of any material covenants of the
Bank’s borrowings that would be construed as events of default under the terms of such borrowings.

The successful
management of credit, market and operational risk is an important consideration in managing liquidity risk, because the management of
these risks affects the evaluation of our credit ratings by rating agencies. Rating agencies may reduce or indicate their intention to
reduce the ratings at any time.

Rating agencies
can also decide to withdraw their ratings of the Bank, which may have the same effect as a reduction in our ratings. Any reduction or
withdrawal of in our ratings may increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to capital markets and adversely affect our ability to
sell or market our products, engage in business transactions (particularly longer-term transactions) and derivatives transactions, or
retain our customers. See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to India and Other Economic and Market Risks—Any downgrade
of India’s debt rating or the rating of our senior unsecured foreign currency debt by an international rating agency could adversely
affect our business, liquidity and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.
”

To meet expected
and unexpected borrowings requirements, in respect of the Bank’s domestic operations, it may enter into collateralized borrowings
in the form of repo transactions with the Reserve Bank of India, through Clearing Corporation of India Limited (a centralized clearing
counterparty), or with market counterparties, against securities eligible for the statutory liquidity ratio. In general, the market value
of securities sold for any such repo is higher than the value of the cash received, the difference being referred to as a haircut. The
Reserve Bank of India has stipulated the haircut applicable for all such repos with the Reserve Bank of India. In case of borrowings
from products settled through Clearing Corporation of India Limited, members of Clearing Corporation of India Limited’s repo segment
are required to maintain margin contributions in relation to their borrowing/lending obligation at any point of time, which acts as a
cushion against any fall in the value of the underlying collateral.

Further, the Bank
is also a member in the triparty repo segment and it may enter into collateralized borrowings in the form of repo transactions on the
Triparty Repo Order Matching Platform provided by Clearcorp Dealing Systems (India) Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Clearing Corporation
of India Limited. Clearing Corporation of India Limited also performs the roles and responsibilities of a Triparty Repo Agent, in terms
of Repurchase transactions (Repo) (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2018 as amended from time to time. The triparty repo agent has stipulated
the haircuts for the eligible securities for borrowing through its platform and the market value of collateral required for any such
loan is higher than the value of the loan.

The Bank holds
sufficient securities to meet additional collateral requirements if necessary, systems and processes in place to ensure sufficient balance
in our Principal-Securities General Ledger account, Repo Constituent - Securities General Ledger account, Clearing Corporation of India
Limited Securities Guarantee Fund and Tri-party repo margin account, to support the settlement of transactions.

172

Table of Contents

Further, in case
of any emergency requirement, additional securities may be transferred to our Securities Guarantee Fund/collateralized borrowing and
lending obligations margin account on a T+0 basis. For corporate bond repos, the value of the securities is computed after applying the
minimum haircut as stipulated by the clearing house or as bilaterally agreed upon with our counterparties depending upon the credit rating
of the underlying security. The Bank also deals with central counterparties for settlement of government securities outright and repo
transactions, foreign exchange transactions, interest rate and currency derivatives for which it needs to contribute towards margin obligations.
The Bank may be required to post additional collateral under letter of credit, stand-by letter of credit, bank guarantee and unfunded
risk participation agreements if our external credit rating is downgraded.

In respect of overseas
branch operations, generally, the collateral requirements are applicable for transactions which are cleared through clearing houses,
bilateral transactions executed under International Swaps and Derivatives Association Credit Support Annex and International Swaps and
Derivatives Association Global Master Repo Agreement. The Asset Liability Management Committee has approved a framework for accepting
covenants linked to a credit rating downgrade of the Bank and a breach in thresholds of certain financial covenants as a part of borrowing
agreements. A stress scenario has been formulated, which is linked to potential outflows due to a breach of rating downgrade covenants.

Off-balance sheet
items including funding commitments impact the liquidity of the Bank. The Bank analyzes the behavioral profile of various components
of the off-balance sheet items. The behavioral analysis includes potential cash flows from off-balance sheet activities, such as draw
down under loan commitments, contingent liabilities and market related transactions. We consider the impact of these cash flows in various
liquidity risk reports.

In view of the
margin rules for non-centrally cleared derivative transactions issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and a discussion
paper issued by the Reserve Bank of India, derivative transactions are subject to margin-reset provisions and any resulting collateral
exchange is governed by the Credit Support Annex. The Bank has entered into a Credit Support Annex, which would require maintenance of
collateral. The Bank considers the increased liquidity requirement on account of valuation changes in the transactions settled through
qualified central counterparties including the clearing corporation of India and other exchange houses as well as for transactions covered
under the Credit Support Annex. We consider the potential outflows on account of such transactions based on the look-back approach prescribed
in the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Volatility in the
international debt markets may constrain our international borrowings. As of March 31, 2024, the Bank did not have any borrowing linked
to credit downgrade covenants which would require the Bank to pay an increased interest rate on the borrowing.

There are restrictions
on the use of liquidity maintained by the UK and Canada subsidiaries of the Bank to meet their overall liquidity needs. The Office of
the Superintendent of Financial Institutions of Canada has prescribed a limit of 100% of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital (as defined under
Canadian regulations) on the credit exposure to any single entity or a group of connected entities. ICICI Bank Canada has internally
capped this credit exposure at CAD 150 million (32.4% of the limit specified by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions,
except with respect to exposure to the ICICI Bank). The limit of CAD 150 million can be increased to a maximum of 75% of capital depending
on the credit quality of the Group or Connection. In fiscal 2024, ICICI Bank Canada has complied with both regulatory and their internal
limits on exposures to any single entity, including to ICICI Bank.

173

Table of Contents

As per the Capital
Requirements Regulation guidelines applicable for ICICI Bank UK PLC, a bank shall not incur an exposure, after taking into account the
effect of the credit risk mitigation, to a client or group of connected clients the value of which exceeds 25% of its Tier 1 capital.
Where that client is an institution or where a group of connected clients includes one or more institutions, that value shall not exceed
25% of the bank’s Tier 1 capital or GBP 130 million, whichever the higher. ICICI Bank UK PLC has a total capital base of US$ 361.4
million at year-end fiscal 2024 which was higher than the regulatory requirement. Additionally, ICICI Bank UK PLC stipulates various
internal limits to manage exposure concentrations within the Bank. The key parameters of risk concentrations measured include sectoral,
country, rating category based, counterparty and large exposures.

Capital Expenditure

The following tables
set forth, for the periods indicated, certain information related to capital expenditure by category of fixed assets.

Fiscal 2022
Cost at year-end fiscal 2022   Additions/transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2022
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   95,782   Rs.   3,335 (1)   Rs.   (4,771   )   Rs.   (23,514   )   Rs.   70,832   US$   850
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   97,137   15,252   (13,605   )   (66,817   )   31,968   384
Assets given on lease   17,735   156   —   (14,636   )   3,255   39
Total   Rs.   210,654   Rs.   18,743   Rs.   (18,376   )   Rs.   (104,967   )   Rs.   106,055   US$   1,273

(1)   Includes
                                            gain on revaluation recorded through reserve of Rs. 1,743 million.

Fiscal 2023
Cost at year-end fiscal 2023   Additions transfers/ revaluation   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2023
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   94,346   Rs.   2,793 (1)   Rs.   (2,799   )   Rs.   (25,545   )   Rs.   68,795   US$   825
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   98,785   18,437   (6,220   )   (73,174   )   37,828   454
Assets given on lease   17,891   12   —   (14,836   )   3,067   37
Total   Rs.   211,022   Rs.   21,242   Rs.   (9,019   )   Rs.   (113,555   )   Rs.   109,690   US$   1,316

(1)   Includes
                                            gain on revaluation recorded through reserve of Rs. 812 million.

174

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2024
Cost at year-end fiscal 2024   Additions/ transfers/revaluations   Deletions/ transfers   Depreciation   Net assets at year-end fiscal 2024
(in millions)
Premises   Rs.   94,340   Rs.   9,806 (1)   Rs.   (1,171   )   Rs.   (28,099   )   Rs.   74,876   US$   898
Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures)   111,003   42,595   (4,553   )   (94,384   )   54,661   656
Assets given on lease   17,902   1   (3   )   (15,034   )   2,866   34
Total   Rs.   223,245   Rs.   52,402   Rs.   (5,727   )   Rs.   (137,517   )   Rs.   132,403   US$   1,588

(1)   Includes
                                            gain on revaluation recorded through reserve of Rs. 1,195 million.

Significant Changes

Except as otherwise
stated in this annual report, we have experienced no significant changes since the date of fiscal 2024 consolidated financial statements
contained in this annual report.

Segment Revenues and Assets

The Reserve Bank
of India in its guidelines on “segmental reporting” has stipulated specified business segments and their definitions, for
the purposes of public disclosures on business information for banks in India.

The consolidated
segmental report for fiscal 2024, based on the segments identified and defined by the Reserve Bank of India, has been presented as follows:

·   Retail
                                            Banking includes our exposures which satisfy the four qualifying criteria of “regulatory
                                            retail portfolio” as stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III guidelines.
                                            These criteria are as follows:

(i)   Orientation criterion: The exposure
is to an individual person or persons or to a small business; person under this clause would mean any legal person capable of entering
into contracts and would include but not be restricted to an individual, Hindu Undivided Family, partnership firm, trust, private limited
companies, public limited companies, or co-operative societies. A small business is defined as one where the three-year average annual
turnover is less than Rs. 500 million.

(ii)   Product criterion: All exposures should
                                            take the form of any of the following:

·   revolving
                                            credits and lines of credit (including overdrafts);

·   term
                                            loans and leases (e.g. installment loans and leases, student and educational loans); and

·   small
                                            business facilities and commitments.

(iii)   Low value of individual exposures:
                                            The maximum aggregate retail exposure to one counterparty should not exceed the absolute
                                            threshold limit of Rs. 75 million.

(iv)   Granularity criterion: The regulatory
                                            retail portfolio should be sufficiently diversified to a degree that reduces the risks in
                                            the portfolio. The aggregate exposure to one counterparty should not exceed 0.2% of the overall
                                            retail portfolio.

175

Table of Contents

·   Wholesale
                                            Banking includes all advances to trusts, partnership firms, companies and statutory bodies
                                            by the Bank which are not included in the Retail Banking segment, as per the Reserve Bank
                                            of India guidelines for the Bank.

·   Treasury includes the entire investment and derivative portfolio of the Bank and ICICI Strategic
                                            Investments Fund.

·   Other
                                            Banking includes leasing operations and other items not attributable to any particular
                                            business segment of the Bank. It also includes the Bank’s banking subsidiaries, i.e.,
                                            ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank Canada.

·   Life
                                            Insurance represents results of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

·   Others include ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, ICICI Venture, ICICI International Limited,
                                            ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Holdings
                                            Inc., ICICI Securities Inc., ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Prudential
                                            Trust Limited, ICICI Investment Management Company Limited, ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited,
                                            ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
                                            Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Private Limited.

·   Unallocated includes items such as income tax paid in advance net of provision for tax, deferred
                                            tax and provisions to the extent estimated at the entity level.

Framework for Transfer Pricing

Liabilities
of retail banking and wholesale banking segments are transfer priced to a central treasury unit, which pools all funds and lends to the
business units at appropriate rates based on the relevant maturity of assets being funded after adjusting for regulatory reserve requirements
and a specific charge for directed lending to certain priority sectors. Current account and savings account deposits are transfer priced
at rates linked to the interest rate on savings account deposits. For term deposits and borrowings, the transfer pricing is primarily
based on the categories specified in the Transfer Pricing Policy. Transfer pricing to our asset creation units is based on the incremental
cost of deposits (blended for current account and savings account deposits) and borrowings adjusted for the maturity of the asset (term
premium) and regulatory reserve requirements. The allocated capital is also considered as a source of funding for the purpose of segmental
reporting.

176

Table of Contents

Fiscal 2024 compared
with Fiscal 2023

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, profit before tax of various segments.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Retail Banking   Rs.   175,337   Rs.   188,492   US$   2,134   53.8%
Wholesale Banking   157,858   199,717   2,396   26.5
Treasury   140,372   146,409   1,757   4.3
Other Banking   10,014   16,384   197   63.6
Life Insurance   8,969   9,232   111   2.9
Others (1)   42,024   62,302   748   48.3
Inter-Segment adjustments   (15,509   )   (18,193   )   (218   )   17.3
Share of profit from associates (1)   9,983   10,738   129   7.6
Unallocated expenses   (56,500   )   —   —   N/M
Profit before tax   Rs.   472,548   Rs.   615,081   US$   7,382   30.2%

N/M – Not meaningful

1.   ICICI
                                            Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary
                                            of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024. I-Process Services (India) Private Limited
                                            ceased to be an associate and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective from
                                            March 22, 2024.

Retail Banking

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our retail banking segment.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   317,100   Rs.   387,324   US$   4,648   22.1%
Other income   121,877   136,921   1,643   12.3
Total income   438,977   524,245   6,291   19.4
Operating expenses   240,344   283,844   3,406   18.1
Profit before provisions   198,633   240,401   2,885   21.0
Provisions   23,296   51,909   623   N/M
Profit before tax   Rs.   175,337   Rs.   188,492   US$ 2,262   7.5%

N/M – Not meaningful

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities for our retail banking segment.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   5,765,239   Rs.   6,901,522   US$   82,812   19.7%
Deposits   8,587,318   9,819,674   117,827   14.4

The profit before
tax of the retail banking segment increased by 7.5% from Rs. 175.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 188.5 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in net interest income and other income, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses and provisions.

Net interest income
increased by 22.1% from Rs. 317.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 387.3 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in yield and
growth in the average loan portfolio.

Other income increased
by 12.3% from Rs. 121.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 136.9 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in fees from credit
card portfolio and lending linked fees.

Operating expenses
increased by 18.1% from Rs. 240.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 283.8 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in employee
expenses, direct marketing agency expenses and technology related expenses.

177

Table of Contents

Provisions (net
of write-back) increased from Rs. 23.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 51.9 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to higher net additions
to non-performing assets in retail and rural loans. During fiscal 2023 there were higher recoveries and upgrades from non-performing
assets resulting in lower provisioning requirement.

Wholesale
Banking

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our wholesale banking segment.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   150,003   Rs.   192,088   US$   2,305   28.1%
Other income   55,492   68,570   823   23.6
Total income   205,495   260,658   3,128   26.8
Operating expenses   67,489   83,058   997   23.1
Profit before provisions   138,006   177,600   2,131   28.7
Provisions   (19,852   )   (22,117   )   (265   )   11.4
Profit before tax   Rs.   157,858   Rs.   199,717   US$   2,396   26.5%

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the outstanding balances of key assets and liabilities for our wholesale banking segment.

Outstanding balance at March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   4,146,135   Rs.   4,607,263   US$   55,283   11.1%
Deposits   3,209,497   4,258,587   51,099   32.7

The profit before
tax of the wholesale banking segment increased by 26.5% from Rs. 157.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 199.7 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in net interest income, other income and higher recoveries on non-performing loans, partially offset by an increase
in operating expenses.

Net interest income
increased by 28.1% from Rs. 150.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 192.1 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to a growth in average loan
portfolio and increase in yield.

Other income increased
by 23.6% from Rs. 55.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 68.6 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in income from foreign
exchange and derivative transactions and commercial banking fees.

Operating expenses
increased by 23.1% from Rs 67.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 83.1 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in employee expenses
and technology related expenses.

Write-back of provision
increased from Rs. 19.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 22.1 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to higher recoveries and upgrades from
non-retail non-performing assets. See also “
Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Other Income—Provisions
and contingencies (excluding provision for tax)”.

178

Table of Contents

Treasury

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our treasury segment.

Year
ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   147,901   Rs.   153,886   US$   1,846   4.0%
Other income   26,516   30,309   364   14.3
Total income   174,417   184,195   2,210   5.6
Operating expenses   17,905   20,711   249   15.7
Profit before provisions   156,512   163,484   1,961   4.5
Share of profit from associates   9,983   10,738   129   7.6
Provisions   6,157   6,337   76   2.9
Profit before tax   Rs.   140,372   Rs.   146,409   US$   1,756   4.3%

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the closing balances of key assets and liabilities for our treasury segment.

Closing
balance at March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs.   3,667,972   Rs.   4,677,377   US$   56,124   27.5%
Borrowings   1,193,255   1,249,676   14,995   4.7

Our treasury operations
include the maintenance and management of regulatory reserves, proprietary trading in equity and fixed income and a range of foreign
exchange and derivatives products and services, such as forward contracts, swaps and options.

The profit before
tax of the treasury segment increased by 4.3% from Rs. 140.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 146.4 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due
to an increase in net interest income and other income, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses.

Net interest income
increased by 4.0% from Rs. 147.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 153.9 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in average
investment portfolio.

Other income increased
by 14.3% from Rs. 26.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 30.3 billion in fiscal 2024. The dividend from subsidiaries and joint ventures was
Rs. 20.7 billion in fiscal 2024, compared to Rs. 17.8 billion in fiscal 2023. There was a gain on government securities and other fixed
income positions of Rs. 4.1 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to softening of yields on government securities during the period as
compared to a loss of Rs. 1.0 billion in fiscal 2023. Additionally, fiscal 2024 includes the transfer of accumulated translation loss
of Rs. 3.4 billion related to closure of Bank’s Offshore Banking Unit, SEEPZ Mumbai, to the profit and loss account.

Operating expenses
increased by 15.7% from Rs. 17.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 20.7 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in premium paid
towards purchase of priority sector lending certificates and employee expenses.

179

Table of Contents

Provisions on investments
increased marginally from Rs. 6.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 6.3 billion in fiscal 2024. During fiscal 2024, the Bank made provision
amounting to Rs. 5.4 billion on its investments in Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs), pursuant to Reserve Bank of India guidelines
dated December 19, 2023. During fiscal 2023, the Bank has made an additional provision of Rs. 3.1 billion on security receipts.

Other Banking

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our other banking segment.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   15,793   Rs.   22,800   US$   274   44.4%
Other income   4,240   5,382   65   26.9
Total income   20,033   28,182   339   40.7
Operating expenses   8,899   11,105   133   24.8
Profit before provisions   11,134   17,077   206   53.4
Provisions   1,120   693   8   (38.1)
Profit before tax   Rs.   10,014   Rs.   16,384   US$   198   63.6%

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the outstanding balances of the key assets and liabilities for our other banking segment.

Outstanding
balance on March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Advances   Rs.   681,405   Rs.   743,794   US$   8,925   9.2%
Investments   86,751   85,250   1,023   (1.7)
Deposits   337,012   384,131   4,609   14.0
Borrowings   Rs.   150,749   Rs.   144,510   US$   1,734   (4.1)%

Other banking business
includes our leasing operations, our overseas banking subsidiaries and other items not attributable to any particular business segment
of the Bank.

The profit before
tax of the other banking segment increased by 63.6% from Rs. 10.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 16.4 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in net interest income, other income and a decrease in provisions, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses.

Net interest income
increased by 44.4% from Rs. 15.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 22.8 billion in fiscal 2024. Net interest income of ICICI Bank Canada
increased from Rs. 5.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 7.3 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to higher interest income on commercial
loans, residential mortgages and commercial mortgages primarily due to increase in benchmark interest rates partially offset by an increase
in interest expense on customer deposits on account of repricing of deposits at higher benchmark rates compared to the previous period.
Net interest income of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased from Rs. 4.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 5.5 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due
to an increase in yield on interest earning assets on account of increase in base rate, partially offset by an increase in interest expenses
due to higher benchmark interest rates. Net interest income of the Bank’s other banking business increased from Rs. 6.3 billion
in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 9.8 billion in fiscal 2024.

180

Table of Contents

Other income increased
by 26.9% from Rs. 4.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 5.4 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in other income of banking
subsidiaries, partially offset by a decrease in other income of our other banking segment. Other income of ICICI Bank Canada increased
from Rs. 1.6 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 2.0 billion in fiscal 2024. Other income of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased from Rs. 0.6 billion
in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 1.5 billion in fiscal 2024. Other income of our other banking segment decreased from Rs. 2.1 billion in fiscal
2023 to Rs. 1.9 billion in fiscal 2024.

Operating expenses
increased by 24.8% from Rs. 8.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 11.1 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in operating
expenses of the banking subsidiaries. Operating expenses of other banking segment of the Bank increased from Rs. 3.0 billion in fiscal
2023 to Rs. 3.7 billion in fiscal 2024. Operating expenses of ICICI Bank Canada increased from Rs. 2.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs.
3.5 billion in fiscal 2024. Operating expenses of ICICI Bank UK PLC increased from Rs. 3.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 3.9 billion
in fiscal 2024.

Provisions decreased
from Rs. 1.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 0.7 billion in fiscal 2024. Provisions of our other banking segment of the Bank decreased
from Rs. 555 million in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 300 million in fiscal 2024. ICICI Bank Canada made a provision of Rs. 147 million in fiscal
2023, compared to a write-back of Rs. 82 million is fiscal 2024. Provisions of our subsidiary in the UK increased from Rs. 513 million
in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 580 million in fiscal 2024.

Life Insurance

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our life insurance segment.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Premium earned   Rs.   399,328   Rs.   Rs. 432,357   US$   5,188   8.3%
Premium on re-insurance ceded and accepted   (13,732   )   (14,760   )   (177   )   7.5
Net premium earned   385,596   417,597   5,011   8.3
Other income   27,698   28,055   337   1.3
Investment income   64,544   96,827   1,162   50.0
Total income   477,838   542,479   6,510   13.5
Commission paid   18,639   37,220   447   99.7
Claims/benefits paid   53,427   69,204   830   29.5
Operating expenses   48,683   43,073   517   (11.5   )
Total expenses   120,749   149,497   1,794   23.8
Transfer to linked funds   179,008   189,030   2,268   5.6
Provisions for policy holder liabilities (non-linked)   169,112   194,720   2,336   15.1
Profit before tax   Rs.   8,969   Rs.   9,232   US$   112   2.9%

181

Table of Contents

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the outstanding balance of key assets and liabilities for our life insurance segment.

Outstanding balance on March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Investments   Rs   986,010   Rs   1,195,060   US$   14,340   21.2%
Assets held to cover linked liabilities   1,440,581   1,648,424   19,780   14.4
Liabilities on life policies   Rs   2,388,674   Rs   2,813,183   US$   33,755   17.8%

The profit before
tax of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 2.9% from Rs. 897 million in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 923 million in fiscal 2024,
primarily due to an increase in premium earned and an increase in investment income in the shareholder segment due to favorable market
conditions.

The total premium
income of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 8.3% from Rs. 399.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 432.4 billion in fiscal
2024, primarily due to an increase in retail renewal premium and group premium. Net retail renewal premium increased by 9.0% from Rs.
223.8 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 244.0 billion in fiscal 2024. Net group premium increased by 15.9% from Rs. 86.2 billion in fiscal
2023 to Rs. 99.9 billion in fiscal 2024.

Other income of
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 1.3% from Rs. 27.7 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 28.1 billion fiscal 2024.

Investment income
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 50.0% from Rs. 64.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 96.8 billion in fiscal 2024,
primarily due to an increase in profit on sale of investments and interest income.

Commission expenses
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 99.7% from Rs. 18.6 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 37.2 billion in fiscal 2024,
primarily due to an increase in new business commission and rewards.

Claims and benefit
payouts of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 29.5% from Rs. 53.4 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 69.2 billion in fiscal
2024, primarily due to an increase in death claims, maturity claims and survival claims.

Transfer to linked
funds including the investible portion of the premium on linked policies of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company increased by 5.6%
from Rs. 179.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 189.0 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in linked premium. The investible
portion of the premium on linked policies of life insurance represents the premium income including renewal premium received on linked
policies of life insurance business invested, after deducting charges and premium for risk coverage, in the underlying asset or index
chosen by the policy holder. Provision for policyholder liabilities increased from Rs. 169.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 194.7 billion
in fiscal 2024.

Employee expenses
increased from Rs. 14.5 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 16.4 billion in fiscal 2024. Other operating expenses decreased from Rs. 34.3 billion
in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 26.7 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to lower advertisement cost.

182

Table of Contents

Others

The “Others”
segment mainly includes ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Venture, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February 29, 2024.

ICICI Prudential
Asset Management Company manages the ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, a leading mutual fund in India.

ICICI Securities
Limited and ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited are engaged in equity underwriting and brokerage and primary dealership in government
securities respectively. ICICI Securities Limited owns icicidirect.com, a leading online brokerage platform and is engaged in equities
underwriting, securities broking and distribution of financial products.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the principal components of profit before tax for our Other segment.

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024   2024/2023 % change
(in millions, except percentages)
Net interest income   Rs.   15,281   Rs.   24,427   US$   293   59.9%
Other income   57,004   94,186   1,130   65.2
Total income   72,285   118,613   1,423   64.1
Operating expenses   29,630   55,937   671   88.8
Operating profit before provisions   42,655   62,676   752   46.9
Provision and contingencies   631   374   4   (40.7   )
Profit before tax   Rs.   42,024   Rs.   62,302   US$   748   48.3%

The profit before
tax of the Others segment increased by 48.3% from Rs. 42.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 62.3 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to
an increase in profit before tax of ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Securities Primary
Dealership Limited and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited.

Net interest income
increased by 59.9% from Rs. 15.3 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 24.4 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in net interest
income of our securities broking subsidiary, general insurance subsidiary, housing finance subsidiary and primary dealership subsidiary.

Other income increased
by 65.2% from Rs. 57.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 94.2 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in brokerage income of
our securities broking subsidiary, higher trading gains in our primarily dealership subsidiary and an increase in management fees from
equity and hybrid scheme, Alternate Investment Fund (AIFs) and Portfolio Management Services (PMS) of our asset management subsidiary.

Operating expenses
increased by 88.8% from Rs. 29.6 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 55.9 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily due to an increase in other operating
expenses of our housing finance subsidiary, asset management subsidiary and securities broking subsidiary.

183

Table of Contents

The profit before
tax of ICICI Securities Limited increased from Rs. 15.2 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 23.1 billion in fiscal 2023 primarily due to an
increase in fee income and net interest income, partially offset by increase in staff cost and other administrative expenses.

The profit before
tax of ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited increased from Rs. 20.1 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 24.3 billion in fiscal
2024, primarily due to an increase in income from fund operations, partially offset by a decrease in other income and an increase in
staff cost and other administrative expenses.

The profit before
tax of ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited increased from Rs. 1.7 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 5.6 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in other income and net interest income, partially offset by an increase in staff cost and other administrative expenses.

The profit before
tax of ICICI Home Finance Company Limited increased from Rs. 4.9 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 7.1 billion in fiscal 2024, primarily
due to an increase in net interest income and fee income and decrease in provision, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses.

Total profit before
tax for fiscal 2024 from other segments includes profit before tax of Rs. 2.2 billion from ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective from February
29, 2024.

Unallocated Expenses

During fiscal 2023,
the Bank on a prudent basis made an additional contingency provision of Rs. 56.5 billion, to further strengthen the balance sheet. The
contingency provision was not allocated to any segment and included in unallocated.

For a discussion
of our results in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 and certain comparative numbers in fiscal 2022, please refer to “Part I —
Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” contained in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal 2023 filed with the
U.S Securities and Exchange Commission on July 28, 2023.

Reconciliation of Net Profit (after
minority interest) between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP

Our consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, which differs in certain significant aspects from U.S. GAAP. The following
discussion explains the significant adjustments to our consolidated profit after tax under Indian GAAP in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023 and
fiscal 2022 that would result from the application of U.S. GAAP instead of Indian GAAP.

During fiscal 2024,
the Bank re-acquired control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. Accordingly, the existing investments in ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited were fair valued on the date of acquisition of control based on the closing market price of shares
of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. During fiscal 2024, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited implemented ASU
2018-12- Long Duration Targeted improvements for insurance contracts.

Consolidated net
income attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank under U.S. GAAP increased from Rs. 250.0 billion in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 613.8 billion
in fiscal 2024, while profit after tax attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank under Indian GAAP increased from Rs. 340.4 billion
in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 442.6 billion in fiscal 2024. This was primarily due to impairment allowance amounting to Rs. 122.0 billion recognized
in fiscal 2023 on investments in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited under U.S. GAAP and fair value gain amounting to Rs.
140.2 billion on existing investments in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited due to acquisition of control in fiscal 2024.

184

Table of Contents

The difference in accounting for the allowances of credit losses resulted
in a lower net income by Rs. 53.2 billion in fiscal 2024 (fiscal 2023: higher net income by Rs. 15.6 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared
to Indian GAAP, primarily due to recognition of lifetime allowances of credit losses on incremental performing loans originated in fiscal
2024. Further, during fiscal 2024, there were upgrades/recoveries in certain impaired loans where the reversal of allowance of credit
loss on these loans was higher under Indian GAAP as compared to reversal of allowance of credit loss under U.S. GAAP, resulting in lower
net income under U.S. GAAP.

The geopolitical
factors and the uncertain consequences, macroeconomic environment including the outlook on growth across the world and India may have
an impact on the results of the Bank and the Group. The Group makes adjustments to appropriately address these economic circumstances
over and above the model output under U.S. GAAP by increasing the probability of default estimates based on management judgement. Accordingly,
the Bank made management overlay on loan exposures under U.S. GAAP at March 31, 2024.

Under Indian GAAP,
the Bank, on prudent basis, held contingency provisions amounting to Rs. 131.0 billion at March 31, 2024 to strengthen the balance sheet.

The allowance for
credit loss on loans and other financial assets under amortized cost was higher by Rs. 13.4 billion at March 31, 2024 (March 31, 2023:
lower by Rs. 38.8 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP. Further, under Indian GAAP, specific provision is made on loans
where strategic debt restructuring was invoked/implemented as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank has opted for fair value
accounting for such loans and guarantees through income statement under U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the impact of accounting on these loans
is accounted in "Allowance for loan losses" for Indian GAAP and in the line item “Valuation of debt and equity securities”
for U.S. GAAP. The Bank held fair value loss of Rs. 5.9 billion at March 31, 2024 under U.S. GAAP in the line item “Valuation of
debt and equity securities” on such loans.

See also
note
21(a) to our
“
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes
” included herein.

The difference
in accounting for the valuation of debt and equity securities resulted in higher net income by Rs. 33.3 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared
to lower income of Rs. 0.1 billion in fiscal 2023 under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP
unrealized losses on held-for-trading and available-for-sale securities at category level are taken to profit and loss account, while
net unrealized gains on investments by category are ignored. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on trading assets are recognized
in the profit and loss account and unrealized gains or losses on debt securities classified as ‘available-for-sale’, which
include all securities classified as ‘held-to-maturity’ under Indian GAAP, are recognized in other comprehensive income under
stockholders’ equity except for the unrealized losses on debt securities identified as credit loss which are recognized in profit
and loss account. The impact of difference in mark-to-market accounting for investment securities between U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP resulted
in a higher net income by Rs. 24.1 billion under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2024 (fiscal 2023: Rs. 7.9 billion). The impairment allowance on
the debt investments under U.S. GAAP resulted in lower net income by Rs. 5.1 billion under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2024 (fiscal 2023: 2.3
billion). Further, there was a positive impact of other adjustments of Rs. 2.6 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared to negative impact
of Rs. 4.5 billion on net income in fiscal 2023 under U.S. GAAP. These primarily include difference due to premium/discount amortization
on debt securities and difference in gain on debt securities sold during the year, due to classification of all securities under held-to-maturity
under Indian GAAP to available-for-sale category under U.S. GAAP.

185

Table of Contents

The difference
on account of business combination accounting resulted in a higher net income by Rs. 140.3 billion under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2024 (fiscal
2023: Rs. 0.2 billion). This was primarily due to fair valuation gain amounting to Rs. 140.2 billion recognized on the investments in
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited due to acquisition of control in fiscal 2024.

The difference
in accounting for consolidation resulted in higher net income by Rs. 20.8 billion in fiscal 2024 as compared to lower net income by Rs.
123.5 billion in fiscal 2023 under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP. This was primarily due to impairment allowance amounting to
Rs. 122.0 billion recognized in fiscal 2023 on ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited under U.S. GAAP. In fiscal 2024, our life
insurance affiliate made a net income of Rs. 43.5 billion (fiscal 2023: net income: Rs. 11.4 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to
net profit of Rs. 8.5 billion (fiscal 2023: Rs. 8.1 billion) under Indian GAAP. The higher net income was primarily on account of lower
policyholders’ liabilities and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, marked-to-market gains on trading portfolio and equity
securities and net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost. See also
note 22(h) to our
“
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules
forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes
” included herein.

We earn fees and
incur costs on the origination of loans which are recognized upfront under Indian GAAP but are amortized under U.S. GAAP. Amortization
of loan origination fees and costs resulted in higher income by Rs. 5.3 billion in fiscal 2024 (fiscal 2023: Rs. 6.5 billion) under U.S.
GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP. Retirement benefit cost was higher by Rs. 1.1 billion in fiscal 2024 (fiscal 2023: lower by Rs. 1.2
billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP. While under Indian GAAP, actuarial gain or loss is recognized in the profit and
loss account, under U.S. GAAP, the actuarial gain/loss is recognized through other comprehensive income and thereafter amortized through
the income statement. During fiscal 2024, there was lower amortization of actuarial gain/loss from other comprehensive income under U.S.
GAAP as compared to actuarial gain recognized in other comprehensive income, resulting in retirement benefit costs being higher under
U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2024 as compared to Indian GAAP. See also “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part
of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes -Note 21(e)
” included herein.

Deferred tax expenses
were lower by Rs. 18.3 billion in fiscal 2024 (fiscal 2023: Rs. 10.9 billion) under U.S. GAAP, as compared to Indian GAAP.

Deferred taxes
are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates under U.S. GAAP while under Indian
GAAP, no deferred taxes are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. In fiscal
2024, there was reduction in deferred tax assets by Rs. 10.7 billion under U.S. GAAP as compared to reduction in deferred tax assets
by Rs. 2.1 billion in fiscal 2023.

The Bank and its
housing finance subsidiary create a Special Reserve through appropriation of profits, in order to avail the tax benefits as per the Income
Tax Act, 1961. Under Indian GAAP, deferred tax liability has been recognized on such Special Reserve in accordance with the guidelines
issued by Reserve Bank of India. Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are recognized and measured based on the expected manner of recovery
and deferred taxes are not recognized if the expected manner of recovery does not give rise to tax consequences. Accordingly, a deferred
tax liability was not created on the Special Reserve based on the Group’s continuing intention to not ever withdraw/utilize such
Special Reserve and based on an opinion from the legal counsel about non-taxability of such Special Reserve in the scenario of liquidation.
In fiscal 2024, deferred tax expenses were lower by Rs. 7.8 billion (fiscal 2023: 6.6 billion) under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian
GAAP.

Further, there
was a difference due to the positive tax impact of Rs. 20.0 billion in fiscal 2024 on U.S. GAAP adjustments over Indian GAAP as compared
to the positive tax impact of Rs. 8.6 billion in fiscal 2023. See also “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming
part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional notes—Note 21(i)
” included herein.

186

Table of Contents

Consolidated net
income attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 250.0 billion in fiscal 2023 under U.S. GAAP was lower than the profit after
tax attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 340.4 billion under Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2023, the net income under U.S.
GAAP was lower primarily due to impairment loss on ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, offset in part by, lower loan loss
provisioning under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, the positive impact of amortization of loan processing fees net of costs, higher
net income of our life insurance affiliate under U.S.GAAP as compared to net gain under Indian GAAP, lower deferred tax expenses under
U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP.

Consolidated net
income attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 511.8 billion in fiscal 2022 under U.S. GAAP was higher than the profit
after tax attributable to the shareholders of ICICI Bank of Rs. 251.1 billion under Indian GAAP. In fiscal 2022, the net income under
U.S. GAAP was higher primarily due to gain on deconsolidation of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, lower loan loss provisioning
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, the positive impact of amortization of loan processing fees net of costs and higher income
on accounting for debt and equity securities under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, offset, in part, by net loss of our life insurance
affiliate under U.S.GAAP as compared to net gain under Indian GAAP, higher deferred tax expenses under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian
GAAP and the impact of differences in accounting for compensation costs under U.S. GAAP.

For a further description
of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP, a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP
and certain additional information required under U.S. GAAP, see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements included herein.

Research and Development

We focus on strengthening
our technological capabilities, with key priorities being resilience, scalability and security of our platforms. We continue to invest
in new technology platforms and work on emerging technologies like cloud adoption and exploring potential usage of artificial intelligence
across banking use cases.

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates

In order to understand
our financial condition and the results of operations, it is important to understand our critical accounting policies and estimates and
the extent to which we use judgments and estimates in applying those policies. Our accounting and reporting policies are in accordance
with Indian GAAP and conform to standard accounting practices relevant to our products and services and the businesses in which we operate.
Indian GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities (including contingent
liabilities) as of the date of the financial statements and the reported income and expenses in the reported period. Accordingly, we
use a significant amount of judgment and estimates based on assumptions for which the actual results are uncertain when we make the estimation.
See also “
Consolidated Financial Statements—Schedule 17—Significant Accounting Policies
” included herein.

187

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited

Revenue recognition

Interest income
is recognized in the profit and loss account as it accrues, except in the case of non-performing assets where it is recognized upon realization
as per the income recognition and asset classification norms of the Reserve Bank of India. Income on discounted instruments is recognized
over the tenure of the instrument on a constant yield basis. Dividend income is accounted on accrual basis when the right to receive
the dividend is established. Commission received on guarantees and letters of credit issued and annual/renewal fee on credit cards, debit
cards and prepaid cards are amortized on a straight line basis over the contractual period of the fees. Fees paid/received for priority
sector lending certificates is amortized on straight-line basis over the period of the certificate. All other fees are accounted for
as and when they become due where the Bank is reasonably certain of ultimate collection.

The revenue recognition
involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made for collectability of the income. Changes
in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates and the resulting recognition.

Accounting for Investments

ICICI Bank follows
the trade date method of accounting for the purchase and sale of investments, except for Government of India and state government securities,
for which the settlement date method of accounting is followed as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank accounts
for its investments in accordance with the guidelines on classification, valuation and operation of investment portfolio by banks issued
by the Reserve Bank of India. Investments are classified into the following categories: (a) held-to-maturity, (b) available-for-sale
and (c) held-for-trading. Under each classification, we further categorize investments into (a) government securities, (b) other approved
securities, (c) shares, (d) bonds and debentures (including commercial paper and certificate of deposits), (e) subsidiaries and joint
ventures and (f) others (mutual funds, pass through certificates, security receipts and other related investments).

Investments that
are held principally for resale within 90 days from the date of purchase are classified as held-for-trading securities. Investments which
the Bank intends to hold until maturity are classified as held-to-maturity securities. Investments which are not classified in either
of the above categories are classified under available-for-sale securities. Investments in the equity of subsidiaries and joint ventures
are categorized as held-to-maturity or available for sale in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Costs, including
brokerage and commission pertaining to trading book investments paid at the time of acquisition and broken period interest (the amount
of interest from the previous interest payment date until the date of purchase of instruments) on debt instruments, are charged to the
profit and loss account.

The Bank computes
the market value of its securities in the available-for-sale and held-for-trading categories on a scrip-wise basis (that is, by individual
securities). The depreciation or appreciation on securities, other than securities acquired by way of conversion of outstanding loans
is aggregated for each category. Net appreciation in each category under each investment classification, if any, is ignored, as it is
unrealized while net depreciation is provided. Depreciation on securities acquired by way of conversion of outstanding loan is fully
provided. Non-performing investments are identified based on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

188

Table of Contents

Held-to-maturity
securities are carried at their acquisition cost or at the amortized cost, if acquired at a premium over the face value. Any premium
over the face value of the fixed rate and floating rate securities acquired is amortized over the remaining period to maturity on a constant
yield basis and straight line basis respectively.

Available-for-sale
and held-for-trading securities of the Bank are valued in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank
amortizes the premium, if any, over the face value of its fixed and floating rate investments in government securities classified as
available-for-sale over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. The market value
of quoted investments is based on the closing quotes on recognized stock exchanges or prices declared by the Primary Dealers Association
of India jointly with Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association/Financial Benchmark India Private Limited, periodically.

The Bank computes
the market value of its unquoted government securities which are in the nature of statutory liquidity ratio securities included in the
available-for-sale and held-for-trading categories in accordance with rates published by the Financial Benchmark India Private Limited.
For unquoted corporate bonds, the Bank computes the market value in accordance with security level valuation published by the Fixed Income
Monetary Market and Derivatives Association.

The Bank computes
the market value of unquoted non-government fixed income securities, including Pass Through Certificates, wherever linked to the yield-to-maturity
rates, with a mark-up, reflecting associated credit risk, over the yield to maturity rates for government securities published by the
Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association. The sovereign foreign securities and non-INR India linked bonds are valued on
the basis of prices published by the sovereign regulator or counterparty quotes.

Treasury bills,
commercial papers and certificate of deposits being discounted instruments, are valued at carrying cost.

The units of mutual
funds are valued at the latest repurchase price/net asset value declared by the mutual fund.

The Bank computes
the market value of its unquoted equity shares at the break-up value, if the latest balance sheet is available. If such a balance sheet
is not available, the unquoted equity shares are valued at Re. 1 in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank computes
the market value of its unquoted equity shares at the break-up value, if the latest balance sheet is available. If such a balance sheet
is not available, the unquoted equity shares are valued at Re. 1, in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Investments in
units of Venture Capital Funds/Alternative Investment Funds are recognized under held-to-maturity category for an initial period of three
years and valued at cost. The units of Venture Capital Funds/Alternative Investment Funds are valued at the net asset value declared
by the Venture Capital Fund/Alternative Investment Funds. If the latest net asset value is not available continuously for more than 18
months, the units of Venture Capital Funds/Alternative Investment Funds are valued at Re. 1, in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines.

The Bank assesses
investments in subsidiaries for any other than temporary diminution in value and appropriate provisions are made.

Depreciation/provision
on non-performing investments is made as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of the Reserve
Bank of India.

189

Table of Contents

Gain/loss on sale
of investments is recognized in the profit and loss account. Cost of investments is computed based on the first-in-first-out method.
The profit from sale of investment under held-to-maturity category, net of taxes and transfer to statutory reserve is transferred to
“Capital Reserve” in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank undertakes
short sale transactions in dated central government securities in accordance with Reserve Bank of India guidelines. The short positions
are categorized under held-for-trading category and are marked to market. The mark-to-market loss is charged to profit and loss account
and gains, if any, are ignored as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank accounts
for repurchase, reverse repurchase and transactions with Reserve Bank of India under the liquidity adjustment facility/marginal standing
facility as borrowing and lending transactions in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The valuation methodologies
for investment involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made regarding risk characteristics
of various financial instruments, discount rates, estimates of future cash flows and other factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly
affect these estimates and the resulting fair values.

Loans and Other
Credit Facilities

Loans and advances
are classified into performing and non-performing loans as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under Reserve Bank of India guidelines,
an asset is generally classified as non-performing if any amount of interest or principal remains overdue for more than 90 days, in respect
of term loans. In respect of overdraft or cash credit, an asset is classified as non-performing if the account remains out of order for
a period of 90 days and in respect of bills, if the account remains overdue for more than 90 days. Loans held at the overseas branches
that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations, but which are standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines,
are classified as non-performing loans to the extent of the amount outstanding in the respective host country. Non-performing loans and
advances are classified as standard, substandard, doubtful and loss assets based on number of days overdue. Interest on non-performing
advances is transferred to an interest suspense account and not recognized in profit and loss account until received.

The Bank considers
an account as restructured, where for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, the Bank grants
concessions to the borrower, that the Bank would not otherwise consider. The moratorium granted to the borrowers based on Reserve Bank
of India guidelines is not accounted as restructuring of loan. Certain specified guidelines by the Reserve Bank of India requires the
asset classification to be maintained as “Standard”. Therefore, the borrowers where resolution plan was implemented under
these guidelines are classified as standard restructured.

Provisions are
generally made by the Bank on standard, substandard, doubtful and loss assets as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum
provisioning requirements of the Reserve Bank of India. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and a general
provision against standard loans. The Bank also makes specific provision on certain performing loans as per the direction of the Reserve
Bank of India. Loss assets and unsecured portions of doubtful assets are fully provided for. For impaired loans held in overseas branches,
which are performing as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines, provisions are made as per the host country regulations. For loans held
in overseas branches, which are non-performing loans as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines and as per host country regulations,
provisions are made at the higher of the provisions required as per internal provisioning norms and host country regulations. In respect
of borrowers classified as non-cooperative borrowers or willful defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per Reserve Bank
of India guidelines. The Bank held specific provisions for non-performing retail loans that are higher than the minimum regulatory requirements.

190

Table of Contents

In respect of non-retail
loans reported as fraud to the Reserve Bank of India, the entire amount, is provided for over a period not exceeding four quarters starting
from the quarter in which fraud has been detected. In respect of non-retail loans where there has been a delay in reporting the fraud
to the Reserve Bank of India or which are classified as loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In the case of fraud
in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative borrowers or willful
defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank makes
provision on restructured loans subject to minimum requirements as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Provision due to diminution
in the fair value of restructured/rescheduled loans and advances is made in accordance with the applicable Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
Non-performing and restructured loans are upgraded to standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines or host country regulations,
as applicable.

In terms of Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, the non-performing advances are written-off in accordance with the Bank’s policy. Amounts recovered against
bad debts written-off are recognized in the profit and loss account.

The Bank also creates
general provisions on performing loans based on the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India including provisions on loans to borrowers
having unhedged foreign currency exposure, loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors, exposures to step-down subsidiaries
of Indian companies and incremental exposures to borrowers identified as per Reserve Bank of India’s large exposure framework.
For performing loans in overseas branches, the general provision is made at higher of aggregate provision required as per host country
regulations and the Reserve Bank of India requirement.

Additionally, the
Bank creates provisions on individual country exposures including indirect country risk (other than for home country exposure). The countries
are categorized into seven risk categories: insignificant, low, moderately low, moderate, moderately high, high and very high and provisioning
is made on exposures exceeding 180 days on a graded scale ranging from 0.25% to 25%. For exposures with a contractual maturity of less
than 180 days, provision is required to be held at 25% of the rates applicable to exposures exceeding 180 days. The indirect exposure
is estimated at 50% of the exposure. If the Bank’s net funded exposure in respect of a country is less than 1% of its total assets,
no provision is required for such country exposure.

The Bank makes
additional provisions as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines for the cases where viable resolution plan has not been implemented within
the timelines prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India, from the date of default. These additional provisions are written-back on satisfying
the conditions for reversal as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The Bank, on prudent
basis, has made contingency provisions on its loan portfolio, including for borrowers who had taken moratorium at any time during fiscal
2021 under the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines related to COVID-19 regulatory package. The Bank also makes an additional contingency
provision on certain standard assets. The contingency provision is included in ‘Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

The Bank has a
Board approved policy for making floating provision for the year which is in addition to the specific and general provisions made by
the Bank. The floating provision can only be utilized, with the approval of Board and the Reserve Bank of India, for contingencies which
do not arise in the normal course of business and are exceptional and non-recurring in nature and for making specific provision for impaired
loans required by Reserve Bank of India guidelines or any regulatory guidance/instructions. The floating provision is netted-off from
loans.

191

Table of Contents

The provisions
on loans involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and judgments made for provisions on non-performing
loans and on performing loans and other credit exposures. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates and the resulting
provisions.

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company

Premium for non-linked
policies is recognized as income (net of goods and service tax) when due from policyholders. For unit-linked business, premium is recognized
as income when the associated units are created. Premium on lapsed policies is recognized as income when such policies are reinstated.

Reinsurance premium
ceded is accounted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant treaties with the reinsurer. Profit commission on reinsurance
ceded is net off premium ceded on reinsurance.

Death and rider
claims are accounted for on receipt of intimation. Survival, maturity and annuity benefits are accounted when due. Withdrawals and surrenders
under non-linked policies are accounted on the receipt of intimation and for unit-linked policies are accounted in the respective schemes
when the associated units are cancelled. Reinsurance claims are accounted for in the period in which the claim is intimated.

Income from unit-linked
policies, which includes fund management charges, policy administration charges, mortality charges and other charges, if any, are recovered
from the unit-linked funds in accordance with terms and conditions of policies issued and are recognized when due.

Acquisition costs
are costs that vary with and are primarily related to acquisition of insurance contracts. It consists of costs like commission, stamp
duty, policy issuance, employee cost and other related costs pertaining to the acquisition of insurance contracts. These costs are expensed
in the period in which they are incurred.

The actuarial liabilities,
for all in-force policies and policies where premiums are discontinued but a liability exists as at the valuation date, are calculated
in accordance with the accepted actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, as amended from time to time, regulations notified
by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, relevant Guidance notes and Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute
of Actuaries of India. The unit liability in respect of linked business is the value of the units standing to the credit of policyholders,
using the net asset value prevailing at the valuation date.

The actuarial liability
in respect of both participating and non-participating policies is calculated using the gross premium method, using assumptions for interest,
mortality, morbidity, persistency, expense, inflation, and in the case of participating policies, future bonuses together with allowance
for taxation and allocation of profits to shareholders. These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates at the date of valuation
including allowances for possible adverse deviations.

The Funds for Future
Appropriations, in the participating segment represents the surplus, which is not allocated to policyholders or shareholders as at the
Balance Sheet date.

Investments are
made and accounted for in accordance with the Insurance Act, 1938, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (Investment)
Regulations, 2016, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Preparation of Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report of
Insurance Companies) Regulations, 2002, Investments – Master circular, Investment Policy of the Company, ‘Guidance Note on
Accounting for Derivative Contracts’ issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and various other circulars/notifications
issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India in this context from time to time.

192

Table of Contents

Unclaimed
amount of policyholders’ liability is determined on the basis of net asset value of the units outstanding as at the valuation date.
Income on unclaimed amount of policyholders is accreted to the unclaimed fund and is accounted for on an accrual basis, net of fund management
charges.

Borrowing costs
are charged to the profit and loss account in the period in which these are incurred.

Fair Value Measurements

We determine the
fair values of our financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820. The standard describes three
levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value.

The valuation of
Level 1 instruments is based upon the unadjusted quoted prices of identical instruments traded in active markets.

The valuation of
Level 2 instruments is based upon the quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, the quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active, prices quoted by market participants and prices derived from valuation models which use significant
inputs that are observable in active markets. Inputs used include interest rates, yield curves, volatilities and credit spreads, which
are available from public sources such as Reuters, Bloomberg, Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India
Private Limited and the Fixed Income Money Markets and Derivatives Association of India.

The valuation of
Level 3 instruments is based on valuation techniques or models which use significant market unobservable inputs or assumptions. Financial
instruments are considered Level 3 when their values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar
techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable or when the determination of the fair value requires
significant management judgment or estimation.

The valuation methodologies
adopted by us for valuing our investments and derivatives portfolio are summarized below. A substantial portion of the portfolio is valued
based on the unadjusted quoted or traded prices or based on models using market observable inputs such as interest rates, yield curves,
volatilities and credit spreads available from public sources like Fixed Income Money Markets and Derivatives Association of India, Foreign
Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited, Reuters, Bloomberg and stock exchanges.

 The rupee
denominated fixed income portfolio, which includes all rupee investments in government securities and corporate bonds, is valued based
on guidelines for market participants established by the Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Association. The Fixed Income Money
Market and Derivatives Association is an association of scheduled commercial banks, public financial institutions, primary dealers and
insurance companies and is a voluntary market body for bonds, derivatives and money markets in India. The international investments portfolio
is generally valued on the basis of quoted prices. In certain markets, due to illiquidity, we use alternate valuation methodologies based
on our own assumptions and estimates of the fair values.

A substantial part
of the derivatives portfolio is valued using market observable inputs like swap rates, foreign exchange rates, volatilities and forward
rates. The valuation of derivatives is carried out primarily using the market quoted swap rates and foreign exchange rates. Certain structured
derivatives are valued based on counterparty quotes. The exposure regarding derivative transactions is computed and is marked against
the credit limits approved for the respective counterparties.

We also hold
investments and derivatives that have been valued based on unobservable inputs or that involve significant assumptions made by the management
in arriving at their fair values. Such instruments are classified under Level 3 as per the classification defined in FASB ASC Topic 820
“Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures”.

193

Table of Contents

A description of the valuation
methodologies of Level 3 investments under U.S. GAAP

Our
total investment in Level 3 instruments amounted to Rs. 210.2 billion at year-end fiscal 2024. Out of the total Level 3 investments,
investments amounting to Rs. 208.0 billion were India-linked and investments amounting to Rs. 2.2 billion were non-India linked. India-linked
investments consisted of pass through certificates of Rs. 190.8 billion, corporate bonds of Rs. 3.6 billion, equity shares of Rs. 12.0
billion and other securities of Rs. 1.8 billion. Non-India linked investments consisted of mortgage backed securities of Rs. 2.1 billion
and equity shares of Rs. 0.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2024.

The
valuation of Indian pass through certificates is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying trust would pay out. The underlying
trust makes assumptions with regards to various variables to arrive at the estimated cash flows. The cash flows for pass through certificates
are discounted at the yield-to-maturity rates and credit spreads published by Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income
Money Market and Derivatives Association on month ends.

Bonds
that have been identified as illiquid and valued on the basis of a valuation model are classified as Level 3 instruments only if the
input used to value those securities is collected from unobservable market data or if the bonds were valued after making adjustment to
the market observable data. The investment in bonds of Rs. 3.6 billion were valued at the amortized cost net of impairment or using significant
management estimates and assumptions or based on market value of the underlying collateral.

Due
to illiquidity in the asset backed and mortgage backed security markets, a substantial part of these securities are classified as Level
3 and valuation models are used to value these securities.

Our
Canadian subsidiary holds retained interest, largely representing the excess spread of mortgage interest over the rate of return on the
mortgaged backed securities, which has been recorded as available-for-sale securities in the balance sheet at fair value of Rs. 2.1 billion
determined using an internal model.

Non-India
linked equity shares of Rs. 0.1 billion were valued by applying discount to the market price of same company.

The methodologies
we use for validating the valuation model of products which are valued with reference to market observable inputs include comparing the
outputs of our models with counterparty quotes, in comparison with pricing from third party pricing tools, replicating the valuation
methodology used in the model or other methods used on a case-by-case basis. The valuation is also carried out under various scenarios
and are checked for consistency. However, for products where there are no reliable market prices or market observable inputs available,
valuation is carried out using models developed using alternate approaches and incorporating proxies wherever applicable. The independent
validation of valuation models is performed by an entity/unit independent of the risk management group.

Convergence of Indian Accounting
Standards with International Financial Reporting Standards

In 2016, the Ministry
of Corporate Affairs issued the roadmap for implementation of new Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS), converged with International
Financial Reporting Standards, for scheduled commercial banks, insurance companies and non-banking financial companies. However, currently
the implementation of Ind AS for banks and insurance companies has been deferred until further notice pending the consideration of some
recommended legislative amendments by the Government of India. We are in an advanced stage of preparedness for implementation of Ind
AS, as and when these are made applicable to the Indian banks. Further, there may be regulatory guidelines and clarifications in some
critical areas of Ind AS application, which we will need to suitably incorporate in our implementation project as and when those are
issued.

194

Table of Contents

Financial statements
prepared under Ind AS may diverge significantly from the financial statements and other financial information included or incorporated
by reference in this annual report. The major areas of differences include classification and mark-to-market accounting of financial
assets, impairment of financial assets and allowance for expected credit losses, accounting of loan processing fees and costs, amortization
of premium or discount on purchase of financial assets, consolidation accounting and deferred taxes.

Separately, during
fiscal 2024, Reserve Bank of India, issued a master direction on “prudential norms on classification, valuation and operations
of investment portfolio of commercial banks”, which is broadly based on the principles of the International Financial Reporting
Standard 9, the Bank has implemented this master direction with effect from April 1, 2024. Further, during fiscal 2023, Reserve Bank
of India, through its discussion paper on “Introduction of Expected Credit Loss framework for provisioning by banks” has
proposed to adopt an expected credit loss framework based on the approach used in International Financial Reporting Standard 9, supplemented
by regulatory backstops wherever necessary. The major areas of differences include classification and mark-to-market accounting of financial
assets, impairment of financial assets and allowance for expected credit losses, accounting of loan processing fees and costs, and amortization
of premium or discount on purchase of financial assets.

195

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT

Directors and Executive Officers

Our
Board of Directors is responsible for the management of our business. Our organizational documents provide for a minimum of three directors
and a maximum of 15 directors, excluding the Government Director and the Debenture Director (defined below), if any. We may, subject
to the provisions of our organizational documents and the Companies Act, 2013 change the maximum number of directors by a special resolution,
subject to approval by our shareholders. Approval of a special resolution requires that the votes cast by shareholders in favor of the
resolution are not less than three times the number of the votes, if any, cast against the resolution. In addition, under the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949, the Reserve Bank of India may require us to convene a meeting of our shareholders for the purposes of appointing
new directors to our Board of Directors.

The
Banking Regulation Act requires that at least 51% of our directors should have special knowledge or practical experience in banking and
areas relevant to banking including accountancy, agriculture and rural economy, co-operation, economics, finance, law, small scale industry,
information technology, payment and settlement systems, human resources, risk management and business management. All our directors possess
special knowledge in more than one area specified in the Banking Regulation Act and applicable regulations. The appointment of the chairman
and executive directors requires the approval of the Reserve Bank of India, in addition to the approval of our shareholders that is generally
required for the appointment of all directors (other than the Government Director and the Debenture Director, if any). In classifying
our directors as independent, we have relied on the declaration of independence provided by the independent directors as prescribed under
the Companies Act and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
as amended from time to time, which were also placed before the Board at its meeting held on April 27, 2024. The Companies Act, 2013
excludes the Government Director from the definition of independent director. Our directors are also subject to ‘fit and proper’
criteria as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India to be considered while appointing persons as directors of banking companies. Our
directors (other than the Government Director) are required to make declarations confirming their ongoing compliance of the ‘fit
and proper’ criteria. Our Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee and Board of Directors have reviewed the declarations
received from all the existing directors in this regard and determined that all our directors satisfy the ‘fit and proper’
criteria and can continue on the Board. Further, pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a person is eligible for appointment
as non-executive director, if he or she is between 35 and 75 years of age. After attaining the age of 75 years, no person can continue
in this position. Our organizational documents also provide that we may execute trust deeds in respect of our debentures under which
the trustee or trustees may appoint a director, known as the Debenture Director. The debenture director is not subject to retirement
by rotation and may only be removed as provided in the relevant trust deed. Currently, we do not have a Debenture Director on our Board
of Directors.

Of
our 12 directors as at July 1, 2024, four directors are in our whole-time employment (the Managing Director & CEO, and three Executive
Directors) and the remaining eight directors are independent directors. The eight independent directors include retired public servants,
corporate executives, advisors and chartered accountants. Of the eight independent directors, three have specialized knowledge in respect
of agriculture and rural economy and four in small-scale industry.

The
Companies Act provides that an independent director shall not hold office for more than two consecutive terms of up to five years each
provided that the director is re-appointed by passing a special resolution on completion of the first term. In line with the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, the total tenure of non-executive director, continuously or otherwise, on the board of a bank, shall not exceed
eight years. After completing eight years on the board of a bank the person, may be considered for re-appointment only after a minimum
gap of three years. The Companies Act provides that in respect of banking companies, the provisions of the Companies Act shall apply
except in so far as they are inconsistent with the provisions of the Banking Regulation Act.

196

Table of Contents

Pursuant
to the provisions of the Companies Act, at least two-thirds of the total number of our non-independent directors are subject to retirement
by rotation. The Government Director and the debenture director are not subject to retirement by rotation as per our organizational documents.
One-third of the directors liable to retire by rotation must retire from office at each annual general meeting of shareholders. A retiring
director is eligible for re-election.

Mr.
Girish Chandra Chaturvedi was appointed as an independent director from July 1, 2018 to June 30, 2021. Subsequently, he was appointed
as non-executive (part-time) Chairman effective July 17, 2018 to June 30, 2021. Mr. Girish Chandra Chaturvedi was re-appointed for the
second term as an independent director and as non-executive (part-time) Chairman for a period of three years effective from July 1, 2021
to June 30, 2024. Mr. Girish Chandra Chaturvedi retired as Non-Executive Part-time Chairman on close of business hours of June 30, 2024.

Mr.
Sandeep Bakhshi was appointed as a wholetime director and Chief Operating Officer (Designate) effective from July 31, 2018 and as the
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer effective October 15, 2018 for a period till October 3, 2023. He was re-appointed as Managing
Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank for a period of three years with effect from October 4, 2023 to October 3, 2026. Requisite
approvals from Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment are in place.

Mr.
Sandeep Batra was appointed as a wholetime director (designated as an Executive Director) effective December 23, 2020 till December 22,
2023. He was re-appointed as wholetime director (designated as an Executive Director) for a further period of two years with effect from
December 23, 2023 to December 22, 2025. Requisite approvals from Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment are in place.

Mr.
Rakesh Jha was appointed as a wholetime director (designated as an Executive Director) for a period of three years effective September
2, 2022. Requisite approvals from Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment are in place.

Mr. Ajay Kumar
Gupta was appointed as a wholetime director (designated as an Executive Director) effective March 15, 2024 till November 26, 2026. Requisite
approvals from Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for such appointment are in place.

Mr.
Pradeep Kumar Sinha was appointed as an Additional (Independent) Director for a period of five years from February 17, 2024. Effective
July 1, 2024, he was appointed as Non-executive Part-time Chairman. Requisite approvals from Reserve Bank of India and shareholders for
such appointment are in place.

The
following Independent Directors were re-appointed for which requisite approvals are in place:

·   Mr. Hari Mundra as an Independent
Director of the Bank for a second term commencing from October 26, 2023 to October 25, 2024;

·   Mr.
                                            B. Sriram as an Independent Director of the Bank for a second term commencing from January
                                            14, 2024 to January 13, 2027;

·   Mr.
                                            S. Madhavan as an Independent Director of the Bank for a second term commencing from April
                                            14, 2024 to April 13, 2027.

The Board of Directors
of the Bank at its meeting held on June 29, 2024, approved the appointment of Mr. Rohit Bhasin and Mr. Punit Sood, as Additional (Independent)
Directors for a period of five years, with effect from July 26, 2024 and October 1, 2024, respectively, subject to the approval of shareholders
which will be sought in due course of time.

197

Table of Contents

Our Board had the
following members at July 1, 2024:

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date
of first Appointment   Particulars
of other Directorship(s) at July 1 , 2024
Mr.
Pradeep Kumar Sinha Non-Executive
Independent Director Profession : Government Servant (Retired)   68   February
17, 2024 (appointed as part-time Chairman
effective July 1, 2024)   Director · Carbon U Turn Technology Private Limited
Mr.
Uday Chitale Non-Executive
Independent Director Profession : Advisor   74   January
    17, 2018   Director · ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited · Indian Council for Dispute Resolution
Ms.
Neelam Dhawan Non-Executive
Independent Director Profession : Advisor   64   January
    12, 2018   Chairperson Capillary Technologies
    India Limited Director Yatra
Online Limited Yatra
Online Inc. Capita
PLC Fractal
Analytics Private Limited Nudge
Lifeskills Foundation Hindustan Unilever Limited Tech
Mahindra Limited
Mr.
Subramanian Madhavan Non-Executive
    Independent Director Profession : Advisor   67   April 14,
    2019   Director · HCL Technologies Limited · Procter & Gamble Health Limited · CBIX Technology Solutions Private Limited · Shopkhoj Content Private Limited · Lifestyle International Private Limited · Sterlite Technologies Limited · Eicher Motors Limited · Welspun Enterprises Limited
Mr.
Hari L. Mundra Non-Executive
    Independent Director Profession : Advisor   74   October
    26, 2018   Director · Tata Autocomp Systems Limited

198

Table of Contents

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date
of first Appointment   Particulars
of other Directorship(s) at July 1 , 2024
Mr.
Radhakrishnan Nair Non-Executive
    Independent Director Profession : Advisor   69   May 2, 2018   Director · Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited · ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited · ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited · Geojit Financial Services Limited · Geojit Credits Private Limited · Inditrade Capital Limited · Alpha Alternatives Fund - Infra Advisors Private Limited · Bilwa Global Asset Management Private Limited Independent Member · Kerala Infrastructure Investment Fund Board
Mr.
Balasubramanyam Sriram Non-Executive
Independent Director Profession :
    Advisor   65   January
    14, 2019   Director · TVS Credit Services Limited · Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited · IndiaIdeas Com Limited · TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited · National Bank for Financing Infrastructure and Development (NaBFID) · TVS Motor Company Limited · Dreamplug Technologies Private Limited
Ms.
Vibha Paul Rishi Non-Executive
Independent Director Profession :
    Company Director   64   January
    23, 2022   Director · Tata Chemicals Limited · ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited · Pratham Education Foundation · Tata Chemicals North America Inc., USA · TCE Group Limited, UK · Gusiute Holdings (UK) Limited, UK · Piramal Pharma Limited
Mr.
Sandeep Bakhshi Managing
Director and CEO Profession : Company Executive   64   October
    15, 2018   None

199

Table of Contents

Name, designation and profession   Age   Date
of first Appointment   Particulars
of other Directorship(s) at July 1 , 2024
Mr.
    Sandeep Batra Executive Director Profession : Company Executive   58   December
    23, 2020   Chairperson · ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limite d · ICICI Venture Funds Management
Company Limited · ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited Director · ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
Mr.
Rakesh Jha Executive
    Director Profession : Company Executive   52   September
    2, 2022   Chairperson · ICICI Home Finance Company Limited · ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited Director · ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited · ICICI Securities Limited · Mastercard AsiaPacific Pte. Ltd (Director – Mastercard Asia Pacific Advisory Board)
Mr.
Ajay Kumar Gupta Executive
Director Profession : Company
Executive   57   March
    15, 2024   Chairman · I-Process Services (India) Private Limited

200

Table of Contents

Our executive officers as at March 31,
2024, who received executive remuneration in fiscal 2024, were as follows:

Name   Age   Designation and Responsibilities   Years of Work Experience   Total remuneration in Fiscal 2024 (in Rupees)   Bonus
Paid in Fiscal 2024 (in Rupees) (1)   Stock Options Granted during Fiscal 2023   Stock Options Granted during Fiscal 2024   Total Stock Options Granted through March 31, 2024   Total Stock Options Outstanding at March 31, 2024 (2)   Shareholding at March 31, 2024 (3)
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   64   Managing Director and CEO   41   71,175,333   28,480,666   317,800   299,100   9,994,200   6,738,500   205,000
Mr. Sandeep Batra   58   Executive Director   36   61,890,686   24,844,962   249,100   231,000   5,125,500   3,860,500   214,000
Mr. Rakesh Jha   52   Executive Director   28   62,672,579   21,291,253   249,100   231,000   6,304,825   4,165,550   31,700
Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta (4)   57   Executive Director   32   35,765,452   12,521,333   133,100   113,700   2,566,885   1,291,360   580,418
Mr. Anindya Banerjee   48   Group Chief Financial Officer   26   31,160,102   11,356,505   89,200   101,200   2,740,000   1,739,700   200,400

(1)   Bonus
                                            amounts earned for fiscal 2023 were subject to deferment policy of the Bank in-line with
                                            the regulatory stipulations. The above amounts include payouts of the non-deferred portion
                                            of the bonus amount pertaining to fiscal 2023. The balance amount shall be equally deferred
                                            over a period of three years. The above amount also include the deferred portion of the bonus
                                            amount approved in earlier years that was paid during the fiscal 2024.

(2)   Each
                                            stock option, once exercised, would be equivalent to one equity share of the Bank. See also
                                            “—Compensation and Benefits to Directors and Officers—Employee Stock Option
                                            Scheme” for a description of the other terms of these stock options.

(3)   Executive
                                            officers and directors (including non-executive directors) as a group held 0.02% of the Bank’s
                                            equity shares at March 31, 2024.

(4)   Ajay
                                            Gupta was appointed as Executive Director effective March 15, 2024. The above remuneration
                                            is his full year earned salary.

201

Table of Contents

The profile of
our non-executive directors as at July 1, 2024 was as follows:

Mr.
Pradeep Kumar Sinha
has a master’s degree in economics from the Delhi School of Economics and Philosophy in Social Sciences.
He joined the Indian Administrative Service in 1977. He was a Visiting Fellow at the University of Oxford in 1999. He served mostly in
the Government of India and rose to the highest position of Cabinet Secretary, the head of civil services. He served as the Cabinet Secretary
for more than 4 years before moving to the Prime Minister’s Office. He retired from there in March 2021 after 44 years of service.
He has been a government nominee director in numerous major public undertakings.

Mr.
Uday Chitale
 is a chartered accountant with professional standing of over 45 years and was a senior partner of M. P. Chitale &
Co, chartered accountants. He is also active in the field of arbitration and conciliation of commercial disputes. He has served on the
boards of several companies and was a board member of the Bank from 1997-2005 as well. He served on the global board of directors and
as Vice President-Asia Pacific of the worldwide association of accounting firms DFK International. He is also a member of the Board of
Governors of National Institute of Securities Markets promoted by Securities and Exchange Board of India.

Ms.
Neelam Dhawan
 is an economics graduate from St Stephen’s College, Delhi University and has a master in business administration
degree from the Faculty of Management Studies, Delhi University. Ms. Dhawan has over 38 years of experience in the information technology
industry. Starting from 1982, she has held various positions across Hindustan Computers Limited, IBM, Microsoft and Hewlett Packard Enterprise.
She has been Managing Director and leader of the country businesses for 11 years for Microsoft and later Hewlett Packard in India. Her
last executive assignment was in Hewlett Packard Enterprise that of as Vice President for Global Industries, Strategic Alliances, and
Inside Sales for Asia Pacific and Japan.

Mr.
Subramanian Madhavan
 is a chartered accountant and holds a post graduate diploma in business management from the Indian Institute
of Management, Ahmedabad. He started his career with Hindustan Unilever Limited. He had thereafter established a highly successful tax
practice and served large Indian and multinational clients. He was then a senior partner and Executive Director in PricewaterhouseCoopers
Private Limited. He has over 38 years of experience in accountancy, economics, finance, law, information technology, human resources,
risk management, business management and banking.

Mr. Hari L. Mundra
 has a bachelor
of arts degree and a post graduate degree in business management from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He began his career
in 1971 in Hindustan Unilever Limited and was the youngest member of its board as the Vice President and Executive Director in charge
of exports at the time he left in 1995. He subsequently held leadership positions in major Indian industrial conglomerates, in areas
including pharmaceuticals and healthcare, and petrochemicals. He has over 50 years of extensive industrial experience, both in India
and Indonesia.

202

Table of Contents

Mr.
Radhakrishnan Nair
holds degrees in science, securities laws, management and law. He has over 40 years of experience in banking industry
and in the field of securities and insurance regulation. He started his banking career with Corporation Bank and also served as the Managing
Director of Corporation Bank Securities Limited. He was Executive Director at Securities and Exchange Board of India from 2005 to 2010
and Member (Finance and Investment) in the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India from 2010 to 2015. He has been a member
of various committees of International Organization of Securities Commissions and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors.

Mr.
Balasubramanyam Sriram
 is a Certificated Associate of the Indian Institute of Banking Finance (formerly known as The Indian Institute
of Bankers) and holds diplomas in international law and diplomacy from the Indian Academy of International Law & Diplomacy and management
from the All India Management Association. He has bachelor’s and master’s degrees in science (physics) from St. Stephen’s
College, Delhi University. Mr. Sriram worked with State Bank of India for about 37 years. Mr. Sriram was Managing Director of State Bank
of Bikaner & Jaipur from 2013 to 2014, Managing Director of State Bank of India from 2014 to 2018 and Managing Director & Chief
Executive Officer of IDBI Bank Limited from June-September 2018. He was a part time member of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of
India.

Ms. Vibha Paul
Rishi
 is an economics graduate from Lady Shri Ram College, Delhi University and also has a master’s in business administration
with a specialisation in marketing from the Faculty of Management Studies, University of Delhi. She has worked at senior positions in
branding, strategy, innovation and human capital around the world. She started her career with the Tata Group and was part of the core
team for launching Titan watches. She was thereafter associated with PepsiCo for 17 years in leadership roles in the areas of marketing
and innovation in India, U.S. and UK. She was one of the founding team members of PepsiCo when it started operations in India. Ms. Rishi
serves on the boards and board committees of several reputed companies.

Mr.
Rohit Bhasin
 is a chartered accountant with over 20 years of experience in PricewaterhouseCoopers , where he was a member of its
India leadership team and partner oversight committee. He also worked with Standard Chartered Bank in India for nearly a decade. He has
been an independent director and audit committee chairperson of several listed Indian companies.

Mr. Punit Sood

has a bachelor’s degree in electronics and communications from the Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee and is a post graduate
in management and information systems from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He has over 35 years of experience in banking
and information technology. He is currently Managing Director at NatWest Digital Services India Private Limited. He has also been Managing
Director and Chief Information Officer at JP Morgan Services India, and Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director at Citi Technology
Services India.

The
profile of our executive officers as at July 1, 2024 was as follows:

Mr. Sandeep
Bakhshi
is an engineer and has a master’s degree in business administration. Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi joined ICICI Limited in the
year 1986. Over the years he has worked in various assignments at ICICI Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, ICICI
Bank Limited and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. He joined ICICI Bank Limited on June 19, 2018 as Chief Operating Officer
(Designate) and was appointed as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of ICICI Bank Limited effective October 15, 2018.

203

Table of Contents

Mr.
Sandeep Batra
 is a chartered accountant and a company secretary by qualification. He joined as Chief Financial Officer of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited in the year 2000 and subsequently has held positions as Group Compliance Officer of ICICI Bank Limited,
Executive Director of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and President at ICICI Bank Limited. He was appointed as Executive
Director of ICICI Bank Limited effective December 23, 2020 and is currently responsible for corporate communications, finance, customer
service, legal, human resources and secretarial functions and has administrative oversight over risk management, internal audit and compliance
functions. He is the Chairman of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company and ICICI Ventures.
He also serves on the Board of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company.

Mr.
Rakesh Jha
 is an engineering graduate from the Indian Institute of Technology at Delhi and a post-graduate in management from the
Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow. He joined ICICI in 1996 and has worked in various areas. He was the Group Chief Financial Officer
in his previous role. He was appointed as an Executive Director on the Board of ICICI Bank with effect from September 2, 2022. He is
responsible for the retail, small enterprises and corporate banking businesses of the Bank. He is the Chairman of ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited. He also serves on the Board of ICICI Securities Limited and ICICI Venture
Funds Management Company Limited.

Mr.
Ajay Kumar Gupta
is a chartered accountant
.
He joined ICICI Group in November 1991 and has worked across corporate banking,
project finance, sme, debt service management, credit & policy and operations. He is responsible for credit policy formulation and
credit underwriting for retail and business banking, operations, technology and data sciences and analytics function of the Bank. He
is the Chairman of I-Process Service (India) Private Limited.

Mr. Anindya
Banerjee
 is a chartered accountant. He joined ICICI Group in 1998 and initially worked in the area of corporate banking before moving
to planning and strategy function in the corporate office. He was appointed as the Group Chief Financial Officer of the Bank with effect
from May 1, 2022. His current responsibilities include financial reporting, planning and strategy and asset-liability management.

Corporate Governance

Our corporate governance
policies recognize the accountability of the Board and the importance of making the Board transparent to all our constituents, including
employees, customers, investors and the regulatory authorities, and for demonstrating that our shareholders are the ultimate beneficiaries
of our economic activities.

Our corporate governance
framework is based on an effective majority independent Board, the separation of the Board’s supervisory role from the executive
management and the constitution of Board committees, generally comprising a majority of independent directors and most of the Committees
being chaired by independent directors, to oversee critical areas and functions of executive management.

Our corporate governance
philosophy encompasses regulatory and legal requirements, such as the compliance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, aimed at a high level of business ethics, effective supervision
and enhancement of value for all stakeholders. Securities and Exchange Board of India through its notification dated June 14, 2023 (published
in e-gazette on June 15, 2023) issued Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second
Amendment) Regulations, 2023 amending the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015. The amendments are effective from July 14, 2023, except few, which were effective from June 15, 2023. Through the same notification;
Securities and Exchange Board of India has also amended Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 by prescribing the materiality thresholds for determination of materiality of events/
information for disclosure to the stock exchange(s).

204

Table of Contents

Our Board’s
role, functions, responsibility and accountability are clearly defined. In addition to its primary role of monitoring corporate performance,
the functions of our Board include:

·   approving corporate philosophy
and mission;

·   participating
                                            in the formulation of strategic and business plans;

·   reviewing
                                            and approving financial plans and budgets;

·   monitoring
                                            corporate performance against strategic and business plans, including overseeing operations;

·   ensuring
                                            ethical behavior and compliance with laws and regulations;

·   reviewing
                                            and approving borrowing limits;

·   formulating
                                            exposure limits; and

·   keeping
                                            shareholders informed regarding plans, strategies and performance.

To enable our Board
of Directors to discharge these responsibilities effectively, executive management provides detailed reports on its performance to the
Board on a quarterly basis.

Our Board functions
either as a full board or through various committees constituted to oversee specific operational areas. These Board committees meet regularly.
The quorum of the Board committees was increased from at least two members to at least three members with effect from June 30, 2019,
to transact business at any Board Committee meeting and in case where the Committee comprises of two members only or where two members
are participating, then any Independent Director may attend the meeting to fulfil the requirement of three members. The constitution
and main functions of the various committees are given below.

Audit Committee

On
the date of filing of this annual report, the Audit Committee is comprised of four independent directors: Mr. Uday Chitale, Mr. Subramanian
Madhavan, Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair and Mr. Rohit Bhasin. Mr. Uday Chitale is the Chairman of the Committee. Mr. Uday Chitale, Mr. Subramanian
Madhavan, Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair and Mr. Rohit Bhasin qualify as Audit Committee financial experts.

The
Audit Committee provides direction to the audit function and monitors the quality of internal and statutory audit. The responsibilities
of the Audit Committee include examining the financial statements and auditors’ report and overseeing the financial reporting process
to ensure fairness, sufficiency and credibility of financial statements, review of the quarterly and annual financial statements before
submission to the Board, review of management’s discussion and analysis, recommendation of appointment, terms of appointment, remuneration
and removal of central and branch statutory auditors and chief internal auditor, approval of payment to statutory auditors for other
permitted services rendered by them, reviewing and monitoring with the management the auditor’s independence and the performance
and effectiveness of the audit process, approval of transactions with related parties or any subsequent modifications and utilization
of loans and/or advances from/investment by the Bank in its subsidiaries. The Audit Committee also reviews the functioning of the Whistle-Blower
Mechanism, adequacy of internal control systems and the internal audit function, compliance with inspection and audit reports and reports
of statutory auditors, findings of internal investigations, management letters/letters on internal control weaknesses issued by statutory
auditors/internal auditors, investment in shares and advances against shares. The Audit Committee responsibilities also include reviewing
with the management the statement of uses/application of funds raised through an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential issue,
etc.), the statement of funds utilized for the purposes other than those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice and the report
submitted by the monitoring agency, monitoring the utilization of proceeds of a public or rights issue and making appropriate recommendations
to the Board to take steps in this matter, discussion on the scope of audit with external auditors, examination of reasons for substantial
defaults, if any, in payment to stakeholders, valuation of undertakings or assets, evaluation of risk management systems and scrutiny
of inter-corporate loans and investments. The Audit Committee is also empowered to appoint/oversee the work of any registered public
accounting firm, establish procedures for receipt and treatment of complaints received regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
and auditing matters and engage independent counsel as also provide for appropriate funding for compensation to be paid to any firm/advisors.
In addition, the Audit Committee also exercises oversight on the regulatory compliance function of the Bank. The Committee also considers
and comments on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger/demerger/amalgamation etc., on the Bank and its shareholders.
The Audit Committee is also empowered to approve the appointment of the Chief Financial Officer (i.e. the whole-time Finance Director
or any other person heading the finance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications, experience and background,
etc. of the candidate.

205

Table of Contents

Board Governance, Remuneration
& Nomination Committee

On
the date of filing this annual report, the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee is comprised of three independent
directors: Ms. Neelam Dhawan, Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram and Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha. Ms. Neelam Dhawan is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The
functions of the Committee include recommending appointments of directors to the Board, identifying persons who are qualified to become
directors and who may be appointed in senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down and recommending to the Board their
appointment and removal, formulate a criteria for the evaluation of the performance of the wholetime/independent directors and the Board
and to extend or continue the term of appointment of independent directors on the basis of the report of performance evaluation of independent
directors, recommending to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration for the directors, key managerial personnel and other employees,
recommending to the Board the remuneration (including performance bonus and perquisites) to wholetime directors and senior management
personnel. The functions also include approving the policy for and quantum of bonus payable to the members of the staff including senior
management and key managerial personnel, formulating the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence
of a Director, framing policy on Board diversity, framing guidelines for the Employees Stock Option Scheme/Employee Stock Unit Scheme
and decide on the grant of options/units to employees and wholetime directors of the Bank and its subsidiary companies.

Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee

On
the date of filing this annual report, the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is comprised of five directors: Mr. Pradeep Kumar
Sinha, Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair, Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Mr. Uday Chitale and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Pradeep Kumar Sinha, an independent director
and non-executive part-time Chairman of the Bank is the Chairman of the Committee.

The
functions of the Committee include review of corporate social responsibility initiatives undertaken by the ICICI Group and the ICICI
Foundation for Inclusive Growth, formulation and recommendation to the Board of a corporate social responsibility policy indicating the
activities to be undertaken by the Bank and recommendation of the amount of the expenditure to be incurred on such activities, identifying
the focus, from among the themes specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act), for initiatives to be undertaken by
the Bank, reviewing and recommending the annual corporate social responsibility plan to the Board with details of projects and schedule
of implementation, making recommendations to the Board with respect to the corporate social responsibility initiatives, policies and
practices of the ICICI Group, monitoring the corporate social responsibility activities, implementation and compliance with the corporate
social responsibility policy, reviewing the submissions to be made to the Board with respect to implementation of the annual corporate
social responsibility action plan including the disbursement of funds for the purposes and manner as approved, implementation of on-going
projects as per approved timelines and year-wise allocation of funds, any modifications to be suggested to on-going projects, earmarking
unspent corporate social responsibility amount, if any, in subsequent periods as prescribed in the Act and suggest deployment of any
amount spent in excess of the requirement for set-off in subsequent years, reviewing impact assessment of projects, and reviewing and
implementing, if required, any other matter related to corporate social responsibility initiatives as recommended/suggested by the Reserve
Bank of India or any other body.

206

Table of Contents

Credit Committee

On
the date of filing of this annual report, the Credit Committee is comprised of four directors: Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Mr. Balasubramanyam
Sriram, Mr. Hari L. Mundra and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Managing Director and CEO, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The
functions of the Committee inter alia includes review of developments in key industrial sectors, major credit portfolios and approval
of credit proposals as per the authorization approved by the Board.

Customer Service Committee

On
the date of filing of this annual report, the Customer Service Committee is comprised of four directors: Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Mr. Hari
L. Mundra, Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, an independent director, is the Chairperson of the Committee.

The
functions of the Committee include review of customer service initiatives, overseeing the functioning of the Standing Committee on Customer
Service (Customer Service Council) and evolving innovative measures for enhancing the quality of customer service and improvement in
the overall satisfaction level of customers.

Fraud Monitoring Committee

On
the date of filing of this annual report, the Fraud Monitoring Committee is comprised of five directors: Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair, Mr.
Subramanian Madhavan, Ms. Neelam Dhawan, Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi and Mr. Rakesh Jha. Mr. Radhakrishnan Nair, an independent director, is
the Chairman of the Committee.

The
Committee monitors and reviews all the frauds involving an amount of Rs. 10 million and above with the objective of identifying the systemic
lacunae, if any, that facilitated perpetration of the fraud and put in place measures to rectify the same. The functions of this Committee
include identifying the reasons for delay in detection, if any, and reporting to the top management of the Bank and Reserve Bank of India
on the same. The status of filing of complaint with law enforcement agencies and recovery position is also monitored by the Committee.
The Committee also ensures that staff accountability is examined at all levels in all the cases of frauds and action, if required, is
completed quickly without loss of time. The role of the Committee is also to review the efficacy of the remedial action taken to prevent
recurrence of frauds, such as strengthening of internal controls.

Information Technology
Strategy Committee

On
the date of filing of this annual report, the Information Technology Strategy Committee is comprised of four directors: Mr. Balasubramanyam
Sriram, Ms. Neelam Dhawan, Mr. Sandeep Batra and Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta. Mr. Balasubramanyam Sriram, an independent director, is the Chairman
of the Committee.

207

Table of Contents

The
functions of the Committee are to approve the strategy for information technology and policy documents, ensure that the information technology
strategy is aligned with business strategy, review performance with reference to information technology and information security key
risk indicators including periodic review of such risk indicators, ensure proper balance of information technology investments for sustaining
the Bank’s growth, oversee the aggregate funding of information technology at Bank-level, ascertain if the management has resources
to ensure the proper management of information technology risks, review contribution of information technology to business, oversee the
activities of Digital Council, review technology from a future readiness perspective, overseeing key projects progress and critical information
technology systems performance including review of information technology capacity requirements and adequacy and effectiveness of business
continuity management and disaster recovery, review of special information technology initiatives, review cyber risk, consider the Reserve
Bank of India inspection report/directives received from time to time by the Bank in the areas of information technology and cyber security
and to review the compliance of various actionables arising out of such reports/directives as may be deemed necessary from time to time
and review deployment of skilled resources within the technology and information security functions to ensure effective and efficient
deliveries.

Risk Committee

On
the date of filing of this annual report, the Risk Committee is comprised of five directors: Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, Mr. Pradeep Kumar
Sinha, Ms. Vibha Paul Rishi, Mr. Rohit Bhasin and Mr. Sandeep Batra. Mr. Subramanian Madhavan, an independent director, is the Chairman
of the Committee.

The
functions of the Committee are to review ICICI Bank’s risk management policies pertaining to credit, market, liquidity, operational,
outsourcing, reputation risks, business continuity plan and disaster recovery plan and approve broker empanelment policy and any amendments
thereto. The functions of the Committee also include setting limits on any industry or country, review of the Enterprise Risk Management
framework, risk appetite for the Bank, stress testing framework, internal capital adequacy assessment process and framework for capital
allocation; review of the Basel framework, risk dashboard covering various risks, outsourcing activities, the activities of the Asset
Liability Management Committee and the proceedings of the Group Risk Management Committee. The Committee also carries out Cyber Security
risk assessment. The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer is subject to review by the Committee.
The Committee keeps the Board of Directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations and actions to be
taken. The Committee coordinates its activities with other committees, in instances where there is any overlap with activities of such
committees, as per the framework laid down by the Board of Directors.

Stakeholders Relationship
Committee

On
the date of filing of this annual report, the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is comprised of three directors: Mr. Hari L.
Mundra, Mr. Uday Chitale and Mr. Sandeep Batra. Mr. Hari L. Mundra, an independent director, is the Chairman of the Committee.

The
functions of the Committee include approval and rejection of transmission of shares, bonds, debentures, issue of duplicate certificates,
allotment of securities from time to time, redressal and resolution of grievances of security holders, delegation of authority for opening
and operation of bank accounts for payment of interest/dividend.

Review Committee for
Identification of Wilful Defaulters/Non Co-operative Borrowers

The
Managing Director and CEO is the Chairman of this Committee and any two independent directors comprise the remaining members.

The
function of the Committee is to review the order of the Committee for identification of wilful defaulters/non co-operative borrowers
(a Committee comprising wholetime directors and senior executives of the Bank to examine the facts and record the fact of the borrower
being a wilful defaulter/non co-operative borrower) and confirm the same for the order to be considered final
.

208

Table of Contents

Code of Ethics

We have adopted
a Group Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for our directors and all our employees. This code aims at ensuring consistent standards
of conduct and ethical business practices across the constituents of the Company and is reviewed on an annual basis. We have not granted
a waiver from any provision of the code to any of our directors or executive officers. All directors and members of the senior management
have confirmed compliance with Group Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for fiscal 2024.

Code on Prohibition
of Insider Trading

We have adopted
a Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading to govern the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities by directors, senior
management, and employees that are reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable insider trading laws, rules and regulations,
and any listing standards applicable to us. A copy of our Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading has been filed as an exhibit to this
annual report.

Principal Accountant: Fees and
Services

The total fees
to our principal accountant relating to the audit of consolidated financial statements of the Group, and financial statements of subsidiaries
for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024 and the fees for other professional services offered to the Group billed in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024
are as follows:

Year ended March 31,
2023   2024   2024
(in millions)   (in thousands)
Audit
Audit of ICICI Bank Limited and our subsidiaries   Rs.   183   Rs.   188   US$   2,256
Audit-related services   ..   ..   ..
Opinion on non-statutory accounts   ..   ..   ..
Others   9   10   120
Sub-total   192   198   2,376
Non-audit services
Tax compliance   1   1   12
Other services   ..   ..   ..
Sub-total   1   1   12
Total   Rs.   193   Rs.   199   US$   2,388

Fees for “others”
under the audit services category are principally fees related to certification services. Our Audit Committee approved the fees paid
to our principal accountant relating to audit of consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2024 and fees for other professional services
billed in fiscal 2024. Our Audit Committee pre-approves all assignments undertaken for us by our principal accountant.

Summary Comparison of Corporate Governance
Practices

The following is
a summary comparison of significant differences between our corporate governance practices and those required by the New York Stock Exchange
for United States issuers.

209

Table of Contents

Independent Directors

A majority
(eight of 12 as at July 1, 2024) of our Board are independent directors, as defined under applicable Indian legal requirements. Section
149 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended from time to time and Regulation 16 the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to time, have defined an independent director and specified the eligibility
criteria for a director to be classified as independent. All independent directors have given declarations that they meet the criteria
of independence as laid down under Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended and Regulation 16 of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (SEBI Listing Regulations) which have
been relied on by the Bank and were placed at the Board Meeting held on April 27, 2024. The Board has accordingly determined the independence
of these directors. Pursuant to the Companies Act, the director nominated by Government of India would not be classified as independent.
Although the judgment on independence must be made by our Board as required under the Companies Act, 2013, there is no requirement that
our Board affirmatively make such determination, in accordance with the independence test as required by the New York Stock Exchange
rules.

Non-Management Directors
Meetings

Independent directors
are required to meet at least once in a financial year without the non-independent directors and members of the management. At such meetings,
the independent directors are required to review the performance of the Chairman of the Board, non-independent directors, Board Committees,
and the Board as a whole. The independent directors met on April 27, 2024, to carry out these reviews. Prior to this, the independent
directors had met on April 22, 2023, separately to carry out similar reviews.

Board Governance, Remuneration
& Nomination Committee and Audit Committee

All members of
our Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee are independent, as defined under applicable Indian legal requirements.
All members of our Audit Committee are independent under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. The constitution and main functions of these
committees as approved by our board are described above and comply with the spirit of the New York Stock Exchange requirements for United
States issuers.

Corporate Governance
Guidelines

Under New York
Stock Exchange rules, United States issuers are required to adopt and disclose corporate governance guidelines addressing matters such
as standards of director qualification, responsibilities of directors, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education,
management succession and annual performance review of the Board of Directors. While as a foreign private issuer, we are not required
to adopt such guidelines, under our home country regulations, pursuant to the notification of the Companies Act, the Bank has disclosed
the policy on director appointments and remuneration including criteria for determining qualifications and independence of a director
in its Indian annual report to shareholders for fiscal 2024. The Bank is also required to provide a statement indicating the manner in
which formal annual evaluation has been made by the board of its own performance and that of its committees and individual directors
and this statement has been included in the Indian annual report.

Controls and Procedures

We have carried
out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) at year-end fiscal 2024.

210

Table of Contents

As a result, it
has been concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to
provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required.

However, as a result
of our evaluation, we noted certain areas where our processes and controls, including information technology related processes and controls,
could be improved. The Audit Committee monitors the resolution of any identified significant process and control improvement opportunities
to a satisfactory conclusion. In the areas of IT and cyber risk, IT Strategy Committee also exercises oversight. We are committed to
continuing to implement and improve internal controls and our risk management processes, and this remains a key priority for us. We also
have a process whereby business and financial officers throughout the Bank attest to the accuracy of reported financial information as
well as the effectiveness of disclosure controls, procedures and processes.

There are inherent
limitations to the effectiveness of any system, especially of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human
error, circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures, in a fast-changing environment or when entering new areas of business
or expanding geographic reach or deploying emerging technologies. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can
only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives.

We have experienced
significant growth in a fast-changing environment, and management is aware that this may pose significant challenges to the control framework.
See also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—There is operational risk associated with the financial industry
which, when realized, may have an adverse impact on our business
”.

Management’s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting system has been designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and preparation and fair presentation of our published Indian GAAP consolidated financial
statements and disclosures relating to U.S. GAAP net income reconciliation, stockholders’ equity reconciliation and other disclosures
as required by U.S Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable GAAP.

Management maintains
an internal control system intended to ensure that financial reporting provides reasonable assurance that transactions are executed in
accordance with the authorizations of management and directors, assets are safeguarded and financial records are reliable.

Our internal control
over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:

·   pertain to the maintenance
of records that accurately and fairly reflect in reasonable detail the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

·   provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the executive directors;
and

·   provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements.

All internal control
over financial reporting systems, no matter how well-designed, have inherent limitations, and may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness for future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.

211

Table of Contents

Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at year-end fiscal 2023 based on criteria set by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on the assessment, management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at year-end fiscal 2024. Effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting at year-end fiscal 2024 has been audited by KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP (formerly known as KPMG),
an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which is included herein.

Change in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting

No change in our
internal control over financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this annual report that has materially affected or is
reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.

Compensation and Benefits to Directors
and Officers

Remuneration

Under
our organizational documents, each of our non-executive directors, except the government director, is entitled to receive remuneration
for attending each meeting of our Board or of a Board committee. The amount of remuneration payable to non-executive directors is set
by our Board from time to time in accordance with the limits prescribed by the Companies Act and the rules thereunder. The Board of Directors
has approved the payment of Rs. 100,000 as sitting fee for attending each meeting of the Board or a Board committee.

In
line with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines including Reserve Bank of India circular dated February 9, 2024, an increase in payment
of fixed remuneration from Rs. 2,000,000 per annum to Rs. 3,000,000 per annum was approved by shareholders for each non-executive Director
of the Bank (other than part-time Chairman and the Government Nominee Director) with effect from February 10, 2024. The Reserve Bank
of India has also approved a revision in remuneration of Rs. 5,000,000 per annum for the non-executive chairman with effect from April
1, 2024. In addition, we reimburse our directors for expenses in connection with attending Board and Committee meetings and related matters.
If a director is required to perform services for us beyond attending meetings, we may remunerate the director as determined by our Board
of Directors which remuneration may be either in addition to or as substitution for the remuneration discussed above. Non-executive directors
are not entitled to the payment of any benefits at the end of their terms of office.

Our
Board or a Committee thereof may fix the salary and supplementary allowance payable to the wholetime directors. We are required to obtain
specific approval of the Reserve Bank of India for the actual monthly salary, supplementary allowance, annual performance bonus and employee
stock options paid each year to our wholetime directors.

In
addition to the basic salary and supplementary allowance, our executive directors are entitled to certain perquisites (evaluated as per
Indian Income-Tax rules, wherever applicable, and otherwise at actual cost to the Bank in other cases) including the benefit of the Bank’s
furnished accommodation, gas, electricity, furnishings, club fees, personal and group insurance, use of car, running and maintenance
of cars including drivers, telephone or IT assets at residence or reimbursement of expenses in lieu thereof, payment of income tax on
perquisites by Bank to the extent permissible under the Income Tax Act, 1961 and rules framed thereunder, medical reimbursement, leave
and leave travel concession, education benefits, provident fund, superannuation fund, gratuity and other retirement benefits, in accordance
with the scheme(s) and rule(s) applicable from time to time to retired wholetime directors of the Bank or the members of the Staff. In
line with the staff loan policy applicable to specified grades of employees who fulfil prescribed eligibility criteria to avail loans
for purchase of residential property, the whole-time Directors are also eligible for housing loans.

212

Table of Contents

There
are no service contracts with our wholetime directors providing for benefits upon termination of their employment.

The
total compensation paid by the Bank to its directors and executive officers during fiscal 2024 was Rs. 361.2 million.

Bonus

Each year, our
Board of Directors awards discretionary bonuses to employees and whole-time directors on the basis of the Bank’s performance and
individual performance. The aggregate amount of bonuses and performance linked retention pay to all eligible employees of ICICI Bank
for fiscal 2024 was Rs. 25.1 billion.

Employee Stock Option
Scheme

ICICI Bank has
an Employees Stock Option Scheme - 2000 (“Scheme 2000”) which was instituted in fiscal 2000 to enable the employees and Wholetime
Directors of ICICI Bank and its subsidiaries to participate in the future growth and financial success of the Bank. The Scheme 2000 aims
to achieve the twin objectives of aligning employee interest to that of the shareholders and retention. Through employee stock option
grants, the Bank seeks to foster a culture of long-term sustainable value creation. The Scheme 2000 is in compliance with the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (the SEBI SBEB & SE Regulations).
The options are granted by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee and noted/approved by the Board as the case
may be. Pursuant to the Scheme 2000, as amended from time to time, up to 10.0% of the aggregate issued equity shares of the Bank at the
time of the grant of stock options can be allocated under the employee stock option scheme. The stock options entitle eligible employees
to apply for equity shares. At March 31, 2024, this 10.0% limit was equivalent to 702.23 million shares, of which the Bank has granted
625.52 million options under the Scheme 2000. Employees and directors of the Bank and its subsidiaries are eligible employees for grants
of stock options. The Bank has no holding company. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a year is restricted
to 0.05% of the Bank’s issued equity shares at the time of the grant.

Options granted
after April 1, 2014 vest in a graded manner over a three-year period, with 30%, 30% and 40% of the options vesting on each of the first
three anniversaries of the grant date respectively, except as follows:

·   For
                                            275,000 options granted in April 2014, 50% vested on April 30, 2017 and the balance 50% vested
                                            on April 30, 2018.

·   For
                                            34,362,900 options granted in September 2015, 50% vested on April 30, 2018 and the balance
                                            50% vested on April 30, 2019.

Options granted
prior to April 1, 2014 vested in a graded manner over a four-year period, with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of the options vesting on each of
the first four anniversaries of the grant date, except as follows:

·   For
                                            the options granted in February 2011, 50% of the options vested on April 30, 2014 and 50%
                                            vested on April 30, 2015.

213

Table of Contents

The price for options
granted is equal to the closing price on the stock exchange which recorded the highest trading volume preceding the date of grant of
options. Options granted in February 2011 were granted at an exercise price which was approximately 3.0% below the closing price preceding
the date of grant of options.

Pursuant to the
approval of shareholders in June 2017, the exercise period is such period not exceeding ten years from the date of vesting of options
as may be determined by the Board of Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant. In September 2018, the shareholders
approved the change in exercise period to not exceeding five years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board
Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for all future grants effective May 2018.

The following table
sets forth certain information regarding the stock option grants made to employees under the Scheme 2000 at March 31, 2024. The Bank
granted all of these options at no cost to its employees. Options granted include grants to wholetime directors and employees of subsidiaries
of the Bank. The Bank has not granted any stock options to its non-executive directors.

The following table
sets forth certain information regarding the options granted by the Bank at March 31, 2024.

Particulars   ICICI Bank
Options granted (net of lapsed)   625,519,291
Options vested   612,719,017
Options exercised   426,787,825
Options forfeited/lapsed   112,057,823
Amount realized by exercise of options   Rs.   63,760,798,453
Total number of options in force   198,731,466
Weighted average exercise price of options in force   Rs. 411.26

See
also “
Consolidated financial statements—Schedules forming part of the consolidated financial statements—Additional
notes—Note 18
” under U.S. GAAP included herein.

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company has an employees stock option scheme, which allows that the aggregate number of shares issued or issuable since
March 31, 2016 pursuant to the exercise of any options granted to eligible employees, shall not exceed a figure equivalent to 3.54% of
the number of shares issued at March 31, 2016. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall
not exceed 0.1% of the issued shares of the Company at the time of grant of options. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company had 28,450,010
stock options outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2024.

ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company has an employee stock option scheme, which allows up to 8.98% of the issued capital to be allocated to employee stock
options. The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.1% of the issued shares
of the Company at the time of grant of options. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company had 14,536,884 employee stock options outstanding
(net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2024.

ICICI Securities
Limited has an employee stock option scheme, which allows up to 5.0% of the issued capital to be allocated to employee stock options.
The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.1% of the issued shares of the
Company at the time of grant of options. ICICI Securities Limited had 60,60,085 employee stock options outstanding (net of forfeited
or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2024.

214

Table of Contents

Employees Stock Unit Scheme

The Board of
Directors of ICICI Bank Limited at its meeting held on June 28, 2022, approved the adoption of Employees Stock Unit Scheme - 2022
(“Unit Scheme 2022”), which was subsequently approved by the members at the annual general meeting held on August 30,
2022.

The key objectives
of the Unit Scheme 2022 are to deepen the co-ownership amongst the (i) mid level and front-line managers, and (ii) employees of Bank’s
select unlisted wholly owned subsidiaries with the following key considerations:

i.   to enable employees’ participation
                                            in the business as an active stakeholder to usher in an “Owner-Manager” culture
                                            and to act as a retention mechanism;

ii.   to enhance motivation of employees;
                                            and

iii.   to enable employees to participate
                                            in the long term growth and financial success of the Bank.

The Unit Scheme
2022 is in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

A
maximum of 100,000,000 units, shall be granted in one or more tranches over a period of seven years from the date of approval of the
Unit Scheme 2022 by the shareholders, which shall entitle the unit holder one fully paid-up equity share of face value of Rs. 2 of the
Bank as adjusted for any changes in capital structure of the Bank against each Unit exercised . Units granted under the Unit Scheme 2022
shall vest not later than the maximum vesting period of four years.

The
Bank has granted upto March 31, 2024, 4.19 million stocks. According to the Unit Scheme 2022, the maximum number of units granted to
any eligible employee shall not exceed 20,000 units in any financial year and 0.14% of the total units available for grant over a period
of seven years from the date of approval of the Unit Scheme 2022 by the shareholders.

Units
granted under the Unit Scheme 2022 vest in a graded manner over a three-year period with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each
year, commencing from the end of 13 months from the date of grant. The exercise period will not exceed five years from date of vesting
of units or such shorter period as may be determined by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant.
The exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares of the Bank i.e. Rs. 2 for each unit.

Besides
continuity of employment, vesting shall also be dependent on achievement of certain corporate performance parameter(s) such as:

·   Risk
                                            Calibrated Core Operating profit;

·   Provision/asset
                                            quality;

·   Other
                                            parameters, if any, as the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee may
                                            determine

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the stock unit grants made to employees under the Unit Scheme 2022 at March
31, 2024.

Particulars   ICICI Bank
Units granted (net of lapsed)   4,190,810
Units vested   2,700
Units exercised   0
Units forfeited/lapsed   228,860
Amount realized by exercise of Units   Rs.   --
Total number of units in force   4,190,810
Weighted average exercise price of units in force   Rs.   2

215

Table of Contents

The Board of Directors
of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company at its meeting held on June 10, 2023, approved the adoption of Employees Stock Unit Scheme
- 2023 (ICICI Life Scheme 2023), which was subsequently approved by the members at the annual general meeting held on July 28, 2023.

The ICICI Life
Scheme 2023 is in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,
2021.

A maximum of 14,500,000
units, shall be granted in one or more tranches over a period of six years from the date of approval of the ICICI Life Scheme 2023 by
the shareholders, which shall entitle the Unit holder one fully paid-up equity share of face value of Rs. 10 of the company (as adjusted
for any changes in capital structure of the Bank) against each unit exercised and accordingly, up to 14,500,000 equity shares of face
value of Rs. 10 (approximately 1% of the outstanding shares as on March 31, 2023) each shall be allotted to all eligible employees taken
together under the ICICI Life Scheme 2023.The maximum number of units granted to any Eligible Employee shall not exceed 60,000 units
in any financial year.

Units granted under
this ICICI Life Scheme 2023 shall vest not later than the maximum vesting period of four years. In addition, vesting of Units shall also
be dependent on mandatory achievement of corporate performance condition(s). The exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares
of the Company i.e. Rs. 10 for each unit.

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company did not grant any units under the employees stock unit scheme to its employees during fiscal 2024.

The Board of Directors
of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company at its meeting held on April 18, 2023, approved the adoption of Employees Stock Unit Scheme
- 2022 (ICICI General Scheme 2023), which was subsequently approved by the members at the annual general meeting held on July 06, 2023.

The ICICI General
Scheme 2023 is in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,
2021.

A maximum of 5,000,000
units shall be granted under the ICICI General Scheme 2023, which shall entitle the Unit holder one fully paid-up equity share of face
value of Rs. 10 of the company against each unit exercised and accordingly, up to 5,000,000 equity shares of face value of Rs. 10 each
shall be allotted to all eligible employees taken together under the ICICI General Scheme 2023.The maximum number of units granted to
any Eligible Employee shall not exceed 20,000 units in any financial year.

Units granted under
this ICICI General Scheme 2023 shall vest not later than the maximum vesting period of four years. In addition, the vesting of the units
shall be based on one or more of relevant parameters as :

•   Market Share;

•   Combined Ratio; and

•   Performance of the eligible employee

Such other conditions
as the Board Nomination & Remuneration Committee may decide. Exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares of the company
i.e. Rs. 10 for each unit.

216

Table of Contents

ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company did not grant any units under employees stock unit scheme to its employees during fiscal 2024.

The Board of Directors
of ICICI Securities Limited at its meeting held on July 21, 2022, approved the adoption of Employees Stock Unit Scheme - 2022 (“Scheme
2022”), which was subsequently approved by the members at the annual general meeting held on August 26, 2022.

The Scheme 2022
is in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.

ICICI Securities
Limited has an employees stock units scheme, which allows up to 16,138,000 units to be allocated to employee stock units under this scheme.
The maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 100,000 units of the issued shares
of the company at the time of grant of options.

ICICI Securities
Limited had 708,220 employee stock units outstanding (net of forfeited or lapsed options) at year-end fiscal 2024.

Loans

The Bank has internal
rules for grant of loans to employees and executive directors to acquire certain assets such as property, vehicles and other consumer
durables at significantly lower interest rates than the market rate. The Bank’s loans to employees have been made at interest rates
ranging from 2.5% to 3.5% per annum and are repayable over fixed periods of time. The loans are generally secured by the assets acquired
by the employees. Pursuant to the Banking Regulation Act, the Bank’s non-executive directors are not eligible for any loans. At
year-end fiscal 2024, outstanding loans to the Bank’s employees totaled Rs. 23.57 billion compared to Rs. 10.7 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023. This amount included loans to certain executive directors amounting to Rs. 61.47 million at year-end fiscal 2024 compared
to Rs. 85.4 million at year-end fiscal 2023, made on the same terms, including as to interest rates and collateral, as loans to other
employees. Loans to executive directors are given after approval by the Reserve Bank of India. See also “
Related Party Transactions
”.

Gratuity

The Bank pays gratuity
to employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service and, in the case of employees at overseas locations,
in accordance with the rules in force in the respective countries. The Bank makes contributions to gratuity funds for employees which
are administered by ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

Actuarial valuation
of the gratuity liability for all the above funds is determined by an actuary appointed by the Bank. Actuarial valuation of gratuity
liability is determined based on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per
the projected unit credit method.

The accounts of
the fund are audited by independent auditors. The total corpus of the fund at year-end fiscal 2024 based on its audited financial statements
was Rs. 18.1 billion compared to Rs. 14.0 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

217

Table of Contents

Superannuation Fund

The Bank contributes
15% of the total annual basic salary and dearness allowance (if applicable) to a superannuation fund in respect of the employees to whom
it applies. The Bank’s employees may elect on retirement or resignation to receive one-third or one-half, depending on the tenure
of service, of the total balance as commutation and a periodic pension based on the remaining balance. In the event of the death of an
employee, his or her beneficiary receives the remaining accumulated balance, if eligible. The Bank also gives a cash option to its employees,
allowing them to receive the amount that would otherwise be contributed by the Bank in their monthly salary during their employment.
The superannuation fund is administered by Life Insurance Corporation of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. Employees
have the option to choose between funds administered by the Life Insurance Corporation of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company
Limited. The total corpus of the superannuation fund was Rs. 6.1 billion at year-end fiscal 2024 compared to Rs. 5.3 billion at year-end
fiscal 2023.

Provident Fund

The Bank is
statutorily required to maintain a provident fund as part of its retirement benefits to its employees. The provident fund, to which
both ICICI Bank and its employees contribute a defined amount, is a savings scheme under which ICICI Bank at present is required to
pay to employees a minimum annual return as specified from time to time, which was specified at 8.25 % for fiscal 2024. If such
return is not generated internally by the fund, ICICI Bank is liable for the difference. There are separate provident funds for
employees inducted from merged entities (Bank of Madura, The Bank of Rajasthan and Sangli Bank) and for other employees of the Bank.
These funds are managed by in-house trustees. Each employee contributes 12.0% of his or her basic salary and the Bank contributes an
equal amount to the funds. Out of the 12% of employer contribution, 8.33% subject to a maximum of Rs. 1,250 contributed per employee
to the Employee Pension Scheme with Employee Provident Fund Organization. Pursuant to Supreme Court judgement in November 2022,
certain eligible employees are given an option to contribute the entire 8.33% to employee pension scheme with Employee Provident
Fund Organization. The investments of the funds are made according to rules prescribed by the Government of India. The accounts
of the funds are audited by independent auditors. The total corpuses of the funds for employees inducted from merged entities and
other employees of the Bank at year-end fiscal 2024, based on their audited financial statements, amount to Rs. 1.6 billion and Rs.
57.2 billion respectively, as compared to Rs. 1.8 billion and Rs. 47.7 billion, respectively, at year-end fiscal 2023.

Pension Fund

The Bank provides
for pension, a deferred retirement plan covering certain employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. The
plan provides for pension payments, including dearness relief, on a monthly basis to these employees on their retirement based on the
respective employee’s salary and years of service with the Bank. For the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan
employees in service, funds are managed by the trust and the liability is funded as per actuarial valuation. The trust purchases annuities
from the Life Insurance Corporation of India and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited as part of its master policies for payment
of pension to retired employees of the former Bank of Madura, Sangli Bank and Bank of Rajasthan. Employees covered by the pension plan
are not eligible for employer’s contribution under the provident fund plan. The corpus, based on audited financial statements at
year-end fiscal 2024 was Rs.17.3 billion compared to Rs. 17.7 billion at year-end fiscal 2023.

218

Table of Contents

National Pension Scheme

National Pension
Scheme is a voluntary, defined contribution retirement savings scheme. The Bank contributes up to 10% of basic salary to National Pension
Scheme for employees who opt to participate in the scheme. These funds are invested by Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority
and are regulated by professional fund managers as per the investment option selected by the respective employees. At the time of retirement,
up to 60% of the accumulated contributions (including returns thereon) can be withdrawn as lump-sum by the employee. The residual accumulated
contributions need to be used for the purchase of a life annuity from a Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority empaneled life
insurance company. The Bank has contributed Rs. 349.3 million for fiscal 2024 (fiscal 2023: Rs. 279.8 million) to National Pension Scheme
for employees who opted for the scheme.

Interest of Management
in Certain Transactions

Except as otherwise
stated in this annual report, no amount or benefit has been paid or given to any of our directors or executive officers.

Disclosure on Recovery of Erroneously
Awarded Compensation

During or after
the fiscal year of 2024, we were not required to prepare an accounting restatement that required recovery of erroneously awarded compensation
pursuant to the compensation recovery policy required by the listing standards adopted by the New York Stock Exchange.

219

Table of Contents

Supervision
and Regulation

The
following description is a summary of certain sector-specific laws and regulations in India that are applicable to us. The information
detailed in this chapter has been obtained from publications available in the public domain. The regulations set out below are not exhaustive,
and are only intended to provide general information.

The
key legislation governing banking companies in India is the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. The provisions of the Banking Regulation Act
are in addition to and not, save as expressly provided in the Banking Regulation Act, in derogation of the Companies Act and any other
law currently in force. Other important laws which govern banking companies in India include the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 and
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, Payment and Settlement System Act, 2007, Securitization and Reconstruction of Financial Assets
and Enforcement of Security Interest Act, 2002, Negotiable Instrument Act, 1881 and Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 as amended from
time to time. Additionally, the Reserve Bank of India, from time to time, issues guidelines to be followed by banks. Compliance with
all regulatory requirements is evaluated with respect to financial statements under Indian GAAP. Banking companies in India are also
governed by the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and if such companies are listed on a stock exchange in India, then various regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India additionally apply to such companies.

Reserve Bank
of India Regulations

The
Banking Regulation Act requires a company to obtain a license from the Reserve Bank of India to carry on banking business in India. This
license is subject to such conditions as the Reserve Bank of India may choose to impose, such as, but not limited to, the bank having
adequate capital and earnings prospects, the bank having the ability to pay its present and future depositors in full as their claims
accrue, and that the affairs of the bank will not be or are not likely to be conducted in a manner detrimental to the interests of present
or future depositors. The Reserve Bank of India can cancel the license if the bank, at any point, fails to meet the required conditions
or if the bank ceases to carry on banking operations in India.

ICICI
Bank is regulated and supervised by the Reserve Bank of India because it is licensed as a banking company. The Reserve Bank of India
requires us to furnish statements and information relating to our business. It has issued, among other things, guidelines for commercial
banks relating to banking activities and prudential guidelines relating to recognition of income, classification of assets, provisioning,
exposure norms on concentration risk, valuation of investments and maintenance of capital adequacy. The Reserve Bank of India carries
out an annual risk assessment of banks under its risk-based supervision exercise. The Reserve Bank of India has also set up a Board for
Financial Supervision (“BFS”), under the chairmanship of the Governor of the Reserve Bank of India. The primary objective
of BFS is to undertake consolidated supervision of the financial sector comprising Scheduled Commercial and Co-operative Banks, All India
Financial Institutions (“AIFIs”), Local Area Banks, Small Finance Banks, Payments Banks, Credit Information Companies, Non-Banking
Finance Companies and Primary Dealers.

Requirements
of the Banking Regulation Act

Prohibited
Business

The
Banking Regulation Act specifies the business activities in which a bank may engage. Banks are prohibited from engaging in business activities
other than the specified activities.

Statutory
Reserve

In
order to augment capital, Commercial Banks shall transfer not less than 25 per cent of the 'net profit' before appropriations to the
Statutory Reserve.

220

Table of Contents

Ownership
and Voting Restrictions

The
Government of India regulates foreign ownership in Indian banks. Foreign investors (including indirect foreign investment) may own up
to 74.0% of the equity of a private sector bank in India subject to rules and regulations issued by the Government of India and the Reserve
Bank of India from time to time. While foreign investment of up to 49.0% in private sector banks does not require any specific approval,
foreign investments greater than 49.0% and up to 74.0% require prior approval of the Government of India, unless such investments are
otherwise exempted from the requirement for approval. Investments by foreign investors exempted from the requirement for Government of
India approval include certain aggregate foreign portfolio investments up to 49.0% or the relevant sectoral cap (whichever is lower)
that do not result in the transfer of ownership or control from Indian residents to non-resident investors, and foreign investment through
rights and bonus issues fulfilling certain conditions. Additionally, in the case of proposals requiring prior approval of the Government
of India, such proposals involving total foreign equity inflow of more than Rs. 50.0 billion, also require approval of the Cabinet
Committee on Economic Affairs.

In
January 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued Guidelines on Acquisition and Holding of Shares or Voting Rights in Banking Companies
with regard to shareholding in banking companies. As per the guidelines, banks are required to have board-approved “fit and proper”
criteria for major shareholders (shareholders holding 5.0% or more of the paid-up share capital or voting rights, along with relatives,
associate enterprises and persons acting in concert) and continuously monitor the fit and proper status of major shareholders, including
changes in the Significant Beneficial Owner (“SBO”) of its major shareholder.

Voting
rights are capped at 26.0% for a single shareholder. However, any acquisition of shareholding/voting rights of 5.0% or more will require
the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. If aggregate holding of a major shareholder falls below 5.0%, Reserve Bank of India
approval will again be needed to raise the holding again to 5.0% or above.

Regulatory
Reporting and Examination Procedures

The
Reserve Bank of India is responsible for supervising the Indian banking system under various provisions of the Banking Regulation Act,
1949 and the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. The supervision framework has evolved over time and the Reserve Bank of India has been
progressively moving in line with BCBS’s “Core Principles for Effective Banking Supervision”. The existing supervisory
framework has been modified towards establishing a risk-based supervision framework.

This
framework is intended to make the supervisory process for banks more efficient and effective, with the Reserve Bank of India applying
differentiated supervision to each bank based on its risk profile. A detailed qualitative and quantitative assessment of the bank’s
risk is conducted by the supervisor on an ongoing basis and an Inspection and Risk Assessment Report (“IRAR”) is issued by
the Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India has designated a senior supervisory manager for the banks under this framework who
will be the single point of contact for a designated bank.

We
have been subject to supervision under this framework since 2013. The Reserve Bank of India also discusses the IRAR with our management
team, including the Chairman of the Bank, the Chairman of the Audit Committee, and the Managing Director and CEO. The IRAR, along with
the report on actions taken by us, has to be placed before our Board of Directors. On approval by our Board of Directors, we are
required to submit the report on actions taken by us to the Reserve Bank of India. See also, “
—Loan Loss Provisions and
Non-Performing Assets—Asset Classification
.”

Appointment
and Remuneration of the Chairman, Managing Director and Other Directors

We
are required to obtain prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India before we appoint our Chairman, Managing Director and any other executive
directors and fix their remuneration. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on “fit and proper” criteria for directors
of banks. Our directors must satisfy the requirements of these guidelines.

221

Table of Contents

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on the compensation of wholetime directors/CEOs/material risk takers and control function
staff of private sector and foreign banks operating in India. The Reserve Bank of India has also issued guidelines on the compensation
of non-executive directors of private sector banks.

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on the minimum qualifications and experience required for the position of Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Technology Officer in banks.

Penalties

The
Reserve Bank of India may impose penalties on banks and their employees for infringement of regulations under the Banking Regulation
Act. The penalty may be a fixed amount or may be related to the amount involved in any contravention of the regulations. The penalty
may also include imprisonment.

Assets
to be Maintained in India

Every
bank is required to ensure that its assets in India (including import-export bills drawn in India and the Reserve Bank of India approved
securities, even if the bills and the securities are held outside India) are not less than 75.0% of its demand and time liabilities in
India.

Restriction
on Creation of Floating Charge

Prior
approval of the Reserve Bank of India is required for creating floating charge on our undertaking or property. Currently, all of our
borrowings, including bonds, are unsecured.

Maintenance
of Records

Banks
are required to maintain books, records and registers. The Banking Regulation Act specifically requires banks to maintain books
and records in a particular manner and file the same with the Registrar of Companies on a periodic basis. The Know Your Customer Guidelines
framed by the Reserve Bank of India also provide for certain records to be updated at regular intervals. As per the Prevention of Money
Laundering Act, 2002, records of a transaction are to be preserved for five years from the date of the transaction between a customer
and the bank. The Know Your Customer records are required to be preserved for a period of five years from the date of cessation of the
relationship with the customer. The Banking Companies (Period of Preservation of Records) Rules, 1985 requires such records to be preserved
for eight years. The Banking Companies (Period of Preservation of Records) Rules, 1985 requires a bank’s records of books,
accounts and other documents relating to stock and share registers to be maintained for a period of eight years.

The
Reserve Bank of India has advised system providers to ensure that data relating to payment systems operated by them are stored only in
a system located in India. See also, “
—Information Technology and Cyber Security
.”

Governance
of Banks

As
part of steps taken to strengthen risk management in banks, the Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines which aim to
separate the credit risk management function from the credit approval process and also bring uniformity in the approach followed by banks.

In
2021, the Reserve Bank of India issued instructions with regard to the Chairman and meetings of the board, composition of certain committees
of the board, age, tenure and remuneration of directors, and appointment of wholetime directors of banks. The upper age limit for non-executive
directors, including the Chairman, is 75 years and the total tenure of a non-executive director on the board of a bank cannot exceed
eight years.

222

Table of Contents

In
2020, the Reserve Bank of India advised that as part of a robust compliance system, banks are required to have an effective compliance
culture, independent compliance function and a strong compliance risk management programme. As per the guidelines, banks shall have a
board-approved compliance policy explaining its compliance philosophy, expectations on compliance culture, role of Chief Compliance Officer
(“CCO”), and processes for managing and reporting on compliance risk throughout the bank. Banks are required to develop and
maintain a quality assurance and improvement program covering all aspects of the compliance function and such programs are subject to
an independent external review periodically (at least once every three years). The policy shall be reviewed at least once a year. The
selection of the candidate for the post of the CCO shall be done on the basis of a well-defined selection process and recommendations
made by the senior executive level selection committee constituted by the Board for this purpose. The CCO shall be appointed for a minimum
fixed tenure of not less than three years.

Appointment
of auditors

The
appointment of the statutory auditors of banks is subject to the approval of the Reserve Bank of India. In 2021, the Reserve Bank of
India issued revised guidelines for the appointment of statutory auditors and statutory central auditors. For entities with an asset
size of Rs. 150.0 billion and above, the statutory audit must be conducted under joint audit by at least two audit firms. The Reserve
Bank of India can direct a special audit in the interest of the depositors or in the public interest. The Reserve Bank of India has also
put in place a graded enforcement action framework to enable appropriate action in respect of statutory auditors where any lapses in
conducting a bank’s statutory audit have been observed. Lapses that would be considered for invoking the enforcement framework
include misstatement of a bank’s financial statements, wrong certifications, wrong information given in the Long Form Audit Report,
and variances in audited financial statements found during the Reserve Bank of India’s inspection and non-adherence to instructions
and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.

Restrictions
on Payment of Dividends

The
Banking Regulation Act requires banks to completely write off capitalized expenses and transfer the stipulated percentage of the disclosed
yearly profit to a reserve account before declaring a dividend. Banks have to comply with prudential requirements to be eligible to declare
dividends.

Capital Adequacy
Requirements

We
are required to comply with the Reserve Bank of India’s capital adequacy guidelines. The Reserve Bank of India’s Basel III
guidelines prescribe a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-weighted capital ratio of 5.5%, a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of
7.0% and a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 9.0%. The guidelines require banks to maintain a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation
buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets above the minimum requirements to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary
bonus payments.

We
were declared a systemically important bank in India by the Reserve Bank of India in 2015, and have continued to be categorized as a
systemically important bank in India in subsequent years. The additional common equity Tier 1 requirement for us is 0.20% of risk-weighted
assets.

The
Reserve Bank of India requires maintenance of a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0% for domestic systemically important banks.

See
also “
Risk Factors— Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector – We are subject to
capital adequacy requirements stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India, including Basel III, as well as general market expectations regarding
the level of capital adequacy large Indian private sector banks should maintain, and any inability to maintain adequate capital due to
changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses”

and
“ – Risks that arise as a result of our presence in a highly regulated sector – We are subject to liquidity
requirements of the Reserve Bank of India, and any inability to maintain adequate liquidity due to changes in regulations, a lack of
access to capital markets, or otherwise may impact our ability to grow and support our businesses
.”

223

Table of Contents

With
respect to computation of risk-weighted assets for capital adequacy purposes, we follow the standardized approach for the measurement
of credit and market risks and the basic indicator approach for the measurement of operational risk.

Under
Pillar 2 of the Basel framework, banks are required to develop and put in place, with the approval of their boards, an Internal Capital
Adequacy Assessment Process commensurate with their size, level of complexity, risk profile and scope of operations. The Reserve Bank
of India has also issued guidelines on stress testing to advise banks to put in place appropriate stress testing policies and frameworks,
including “sensitivity tests” and “scenario tests”, for the various risk factors, the details and results of
which are included in the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process.

Prompt Corrective
Action by the Reserve Bank of India

The
Prompt Corrective Action (“PCA”) framework is a framework under which banks with weak financial condition are put under watch
by the Reserve Bank of India and subject to restrictions on operations and business. As per the guidelines, a bank may be placed under
the framework at any point in time, if it is found to breach any of the parameters prescribed. In 2021, the Reserve Bank of India reviewed
and revised the PCA framework. The key criteria for invocation of the PCA include (i) falling below a capital adequacy ratio of 10.25%
and/or below a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.75%, (ii) exceeding net non-performing asset ratio of 6.0%, or (iii) a leverage ratio
of below 4.0%.

Legal Reserve
Requirements

Cash
Reserve Ratio

A
bank is required to maintain a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities, excluding interbank deposits, by way of cash
reserve with itself and by way of balance in current account with the Reserve Bank of India. In May 2022, the Reserve Bank of India increased
the cash reserve ratio by 50 basis points from 4.00% to 4.50% of net demand and time liabilities.

Statutory
Liquidity Ratio

In
addition to the cash reserve ratio, a bank is required to maintain a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities by way
of liquid assets like cash, gold or approved unencumbered securities. Investments in sovereign gold bonds may be included in the calculation
of statutory liquidity ratio. Currently, the statutory liquidity ratio is 18.0%.

Liquidity
Coverage Ratio

In
line with the Basel III framework, banks in India are required to maintain a minimum liquidity coverage ratio which is a ratio of the
stock of high-quality liquid assets to total net cash outflows over the next 30 calendar days under certain prescribed stressed conditions.
The liquidity coverage ratio is designed to ensure that a bank maintains an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets
to meet any acute liquidity requirements over a hypothetical stressed period lasting 30 days. A minimum liquidity coverage ratio of 100.0%
is required.

224

Table of Contents

Net
Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”)

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on NSFR. The ratio promotes resilience over a longer time horizon by requiring banks to fund
their activities with more stable sources on an ongoing basis. The NSFR is defined as the amount of available stable funding relative
to the amount of required stable funding. Banks are required to maintain a ratio of at least 100.0%.

Regulations
Relating to Advancing Loans

The
provisions of the Banking Regulation Act govern the advancing of loans by banks in India. The Reserve Bank of India also issues directions
covering the loan activities of banks. These directions and guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India have been consolidated in
the Master Circular on “Loans and Advances—Statutory and Other Restrictions.”

Banks
are free to determine their own lending rates, but each bank must disclose its minimum interest rate which takes into consideration all
elements of lending rates that are common across borrowers.

Interest
rates on all new floating rate retail loans and loans to micro, small and medium enterprises extended by banks are required to be linked
to an external benchmark. The external benchmark includes the Reserve Bank of India policy repo rate, Government of India 91-day treasury
bill yield, Government of India 182-day treasury bill yield or any other benchmark market interest rate produced by Financial Benchmarks
India Private Limited.

Banks
are free to offer floating rate loans to other types of borrowers (i.e., corporate borrowers) either on external benchmark or marginal
cost of funds based lending rate which is the internal benchmark for such purposes. Banks have to review and publish their marginal cost
of funds based lending rate every month on a preannounced date for different maturities, ranging from overnight rate up to one year basis
methodology, prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India for computation of marginal cost of funds based lending rate.

There
shall be no lending below the benchmark rate for a particular maturity for all loans linked to that benchmark.

Under
Section 20(1) of the Banking Regulation Act, a bank cannot grant any loans and advances against the security of its own shares and a
banking company is prohibited from entering into any commitment for granting any loans or advances to or on behalf of any of its directors,
or any firm in which any of its directors is interested as partner, manager, employee or guarantor, or any company (not being a subsidiary
of the banking company or a company registered under Section 25 of the Companies Act, 1956 or a government company) of which, or the
subsidiary or the holding company of which, any of the directors of the bank is a director, managing agent, manager, employee or guarantor
or in which he holds substantial interest, or any individual in respect of whom any of its directors is a partner or guarantor. There
are certain exemptions in this regard as the explanation to the section provides that “loans or advances” shall not include
any transaction which the Reserve Bank of India may specify by general or special order as not being a loan or advance for the purpose
of this section.

There
are guidelines on loans against equity shares in respect of amount, margin requirement and purpose. The Reserve Bank of India has issued
guidelines requiring banks to put in place a policy for exposure to real estate with the approval of their boards. The Reserve Bank of
India has also permitted banks to extend financial assistance to Indian companies for acquisition of equity in overseas joint ventures
or wholly owned subsidiaries or in other overseas companies, new or existing, as strategic investment. Banks are not permitted to finance
acquisitions by companies in India.

Based
on the “Recommendations of the Working Group on Digital Lending – Implementation” dated August 10, 2022, the Reserve
Bank of India issued “Guidelines on Digital Lending” on September 2, 2022. The requirements of the guidelines include calculation
of Annual Percentage Rate (“APR”) and displaying the same in the prescribed format of Key Fact Statement (“KFS”),
providing KFS to the customer, appointing Nodal Grievance Redressal Officer for dealing with complaints/issues related to digital lending,
providing cooling off /look up periods during which a borrower can foreclose a digital lending loan without paying any penalty, providing
digitally signed documents to the borrowers and other requirements.

225

Table of Contents

The
Reserve Bank of India guidelines on fair lending practices on penal charges in loan accounts, require Regulated Entities (“REs”)
to formulate a board-approved policy on penal charges or similar charges on loans. The guidelines also require that the penalty charged
for noncompliance with material terms and conditions of loan contracts be charged in the form of “penal charges” and not
“penal interest”. Penal charges should be clearly disclosed in the loan agreement, Most Important Terms & Conditions
(“MITC”)/ KFS and on the website of the Bank, etc.

The
Reserve Bank of India guidelines on regulatory measures towards consumer credit and bank credit to non-banking financial companies (“NBFCs”)
require all top-up loans extended by REs against movable assets which are inherently depreciating in nature, such as vehicles, to be
treated as unsecured loans for credit appraisal, prudential limits and exposure purposes.

Directed
Lending

Priority
Sector Lending

The
guidelines on lending to priority sectors require commercial banks to lend a certain percentage of bank credit to specific sectors (the
priority sectors) such as agriculture, small, micro and medium enterprises, education, housing, social infrastructure, renewable energy
and loans to start-ups.

The
Reserve Bank of India’s total priority sector target is 40.0% of adjusted net bank credit (“ANBC”) or of the credit
equivalent amount of off-balance sheet exposure (“CEOBE”), whichever is higher, with sub-targets of 7.5% to micro enterprises
within the overall target of 18.0% in agriculture. The target for lending to small and marginal farmers is 10.0% from fiscal 2024. The
target for lending to identified weaker sections of society is 12.0% from fiscal 2024.

Under
the Reserve Bank of India criterion, an Udyam Registration Certificate (“URC”) is necessary for lending to micro, small and
medium enterprises to qualify for priority sector and the Bank shall be guided by the classification recorded in URC. In 2021, retail
and wholesale traders were permitted to register online and obtain URC, resulting in them continuing to qualify under priority sector
lending.

Informal
Micro Enterprises (“IMEs”) with an Udyam Assist Certificate shall be treated as a micro enterprise for purposes of priority
sector lending classification.

Banks
falling short of their priority sector lending targets are required to contribute allocated amounts to specific Government of India funds
(i.e., Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (“RIDF”)), established with National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(“NABARD”) and other funds with NABARD/ National Housing Bank (“NHB”)/ Small Industries Development Bank of India
(“SIDBI”)/ Micro Units Development & Refinance Agency Limited (“MUDRA”). The interest rates on contribution
to RIDF or any other funds, tenure of deposits, and other features are fixed by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time. The interest
rates on these contributions are below market rates.

Export
Credit

The
Reserve Bank of India allows exporters to avail themselves of short-term working capital financing at internationally comparable interest
rates. Export credit is available both in rupee as well as in foreign currency. This enables exporters to have access to an internationally
competitive financing option.

226

Table of Contents

Regulations
Governing Overseas Direct Investment

In
August 2022, the Reserve Bank of India along with the Central Government issued a new Overseas Investment regime (i.e., Foreign Exchange
Management (Overseas Investment) Rules, Regulations and Directions) to promote the ease of doing business, to cover wider economic activity
and significantly reduce the need for seeking specific approvals from the Reserve Bank of India.

Regulations
on International Trade Settlement in Indian Rupees (“INR”)

In
July 2022, the Reserve Bank of India notified an additional arrangement for invoicing, payment, and settlement of exports/imports in
INR in order to promote growth of global trade with emphasis on exports from India and to support the interest of global trading community
in INR.

Credit
Exposure Limits

As
a prudential measure aimed at better risk management and avoidance of concentration of credit risks, the Reserve Bank of India has prescribed
credit exposure limits for banks and long-term lending institutions in respect of their lending to individual borrowers and to all companies
in a single group (or sponsor group).

The
Reserve Bank of India requires banks to fix internal limits of exposure to specific sectors. These limits are subject to periodic
review by the banks.

Further,
the Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on large borrowers which prescribe a limit of 20.0% and 25.0% of the eligible capital
base in respect of exposures to single counterparty and groups of connected counterparties.

Capital
Market Exposure Limits

The
Reserve Bank of India guidelines on capital market exposures stipulate that a bank’s exposure to capital markets in all forms (both
fund-based and non-fund-based) by way of investments in shares, convertible bonds/debentures, units of equity oriented mutual funds,
loans against shares, and secured and unsecured advances to stock brokers, should not exceed 40.0% of its net worth on both a stand-alone
and consolidated basis as of March 31 of the previous year.

Limits
on intra-group transaction and exposures

The
Reserve Bank of India has prescribed a single group entity exposure limit of 5.0% of the paid-up capital and reserves of the bank for
non-financial companies and unregulated financial services companies and 10.0% in the case of regulated financial entities. The aggregate
group exposure cannot exceed 20.0% of paid-up capital and reserves and surplus in case of all group entities (financial and non-financial)
taken together and 10.0% in the case of all non-financial companies and unregulated financial services companies taken together. Banks’
exposures to other banks/financial institutions in the group in the form of equity and other capital instruments are exempted from the
above limits. If the exposure exceeds the permissible limits, the excess amount would be deducted from common equity Tier 1 capital of
the bank.

Master
Direction on Transfer of Loan Exposure and Securitisation of Standard Assets

In
order to provide banks with options to manage liquidity, rebalance their exposure or strategic sales and resolve their non-performing
assets, the Reserve Bank of India issued Master Direction – Reserve Bank of India (Transfer of Loan Exposures) Directions, 2021
in September 2021. Originators need to satisfy the Minimum Holding Period requirement (three months and six months) and Minimum Retention
Ratio of 10% with due diligence as mentioned in extant guideline.

Securitisation
involves transactions where credit risk in assets are redistributed by repackaging them into tradeable securities with different risk
profiles which may give investors of various classes access to exposures which they otherwise might be unable to access directly. The
Reserve Bank of India issued the Master Direction (Securitisation of Standard Assets) Directions, 2021 in September 2021. Originators
need to satisfy the Minimum Holding Period requirement (three months and six months) and Minimum Retention Ratio (5% or 10%) as mentioned
in extant guideline.

227

Table of Contents

Credit Information
Bureaus

Pursuant
to the Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act, 2005, every credit institution, including a bank, has to become a member of a credit
information bureau and furnish to it such credit information as may be required of the credit institution by the credit information bureau
about individuals or groups who enjoy a credit relationship with it.

In
October 2023, the Reserve Bank of India published the framework for compensation to customers for delayed updation or rectification of
credit information, which requires credit information companies and credit institutions to implement the compensation framework for delayed
updation or rectification of credit information.

Loan Loss
Provisions and Non-Performing Assets

The
Reserve Bank of India’s Master Circular on “Prudential Norms on Income Recognition, Asset Classification and Provisioning
pertaining to Advances” dated April 2, 2024 as amended, provides consolidated instructions and guidelines relating to income recognition,
asset classification and provisioning standards.

Asset
Classification

In
particular, an advance is a non-performing asset where interest and/or installment of principal remains overdue for a period of more
than 90 days in respect of a term loan; the account remains “out-of-order” in respect of an overdraft or cash credit; the
bill remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days in case of bills purchased and discounted; installment of principal or interest
remains overdue for two crop seasons for short duration crops or for one crop season for long duration crops; the amount of liquidity
facility remains outstanding for more than 90 days, in respect of a securitization transaction.

In
respect of derivative transactions, the overdue receivables related to positive mark-to-market value of a derivative contract, if these
remain unpaid for a period of 90 days from the specified due date for payment; or in respect of credit card transactions, if the minimum
amount due, as mentioned in the statement, remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days from the payment due date mentioned in the
statement. Interest in respect of non-performing assets is not recognized or credited to the income account unless collected. Non-performing
assets are classified as described below.

Sub-Standard
Assets.
Assets that are non-performing assets for a period not exceeding 12 months. Such an asset has well-defined credit weaknesses
that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt and are characterized by the distinct possibility that the bank will sustain some loss, if
deficiencies are not corrected.

Doubtful
Assets.
Assets that have remained sub-standard for a period of 12 months. A loan classified as doubtful has all the weaknesses inherent
in assets that are classified as sub-standard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full,
on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable.

Loss
Assets.
Assets on which losses have been identified by the bank or internal or external auditors during the performance of their
audit procedures or during the Reserve Bank of India inspection but the amount has not been written off fully.

228

Table of Contents

There
are separate guidelines for classification of loans for projects under implementation which are based on the date of commencement of
commercial production and date of completion of the project as originally envisaged at the time of financial closure.

The
Reserve Bank of India, under its risk-based supervision exercise, carries out the risk assessment of banks on an annual basis. As a part
of this assessment, the Reserve Bank of India separately reviews asset classification and provisioning of credit facilities given by
banks to its borrowers. This assessment is initiated subsequent to the completion of the annual audit and the publication of audited
financial statements for the given financial year. Any divergences in classification or provisioning arising out of the supervisory process
are given effect in the financial statements in subsequent periods after conclusion of the exercise. Such divergences are required to
be disclosed by banks in their financial statements if either the additional provisioning requirement assessed by the Reserve Bank of
India exceeds 5.0% of the published profits before provisions and contingencies for the period, or the additional gross non-performing
assets identified by the Reserve Bank of India 5.0% of the published incremental gross non-performing assets for the reference period,
or both. The assessment of divergence in asset classification and provisioning conducted by the Reserve Bank of India for ICICI Bank
in fiscal 2020, fiscal 2021, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023 did not require any additional disclosures.

Restructured
Loans

Standard
restructured loans are subject to higher standard asset provisioning requirements and higher risk weights for capital adequacy purposes.
The higher risk weights and provision shall continue until satisfactory performance under the revised payment schedule has been established
for the specified period. If the restructured account is overdue as per the revised schedule for a period beyond the minimum period prescribed
for classification of a loan as non-performing, it is required to be downgraded to non-performing status with reference to the pre-restructuring
payment schedule.

See
also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business—The future trajectory of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and
could adversely affect our business, the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial performance
”.

Provisioning
and Write-offs

Provisions
under Indian GAAP are based on guidelines specific to the classification of the assets. The following guidelines apply to the various
asset classifications:

Standard
Assets
: The allowances on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning
requirement is a uniform rate of 0.4% for all standard assets except certain advances which require provision in the range of 0.25% to
2.0%.

Reserve
Bank of India guidelines require banks to maintain provisions for standard assets at rates higher than the regulatory requirement in
respect of advances to stressed sectors of the economy. For assets referred to the National Company Law Tribunal under the Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code, banks have to make provisions to the extent of 50.0% of the secured portion and 100.0% of the unsecured portion
of the outstanding loans.

Sub-standard
Assets
: A provision of 15.0% is required for all sub-standard assets. A provision of 25.0% is required for accounts that are unsecured.
Unsecured infrastructure loan accounts classified as sub-standard require provisioning of 20.0%.

Doubtful
Assets
: A 100.0% provision/write-off is required against the unsecured portion of a doubtful asset and is charged against income.
For the secured portion of assets classified as doubtful, a 25.0% provision is required for assets that have been classified as doubtful
for a year, a 40.0% provision is required for assets that have been classified as doubtful for one to three years and a 100.0% provision
is required for assets classified as doubtful for more than three years. The value assigned to the collateral securing a loan is
the amount reflected on the borrower’s books or the realizable value determined by third-party appraisers.

229

Table of Contents

Loss
Assets
: The entire asset is required to be written off or provided for.

Guidelines
Relating to Use of Recovery Agents by Banks

The
Reserve Bank of India has asked banks to put in place a due diligence process for the engagement of recovery agents, structured to cover,
among others, individuals involved in the recovery process. Banks are expected to communicate details of recovery agents to borrowers
and have in place a grievance redressal mechanism pertaining to the recovery process.

Legislative
Framework for Enforcement of Security by Banks for Non-performing Assets/Recovery of Debts due to Banks

The
SARFAESI Act provides that a secured creditor may, in respect of loans classified as non-performing in accordance with the Reserve Bank
of India guidelines, give notice in writing to the borrower requiring it to discharge its liabilities within 60 days, failing which the
secured creditor may, inter alia, take possession/sell off the assets constituting the security for the loan, take over the management
of the business of the borrower, appoint a person to manage the secured assets taken in possession and the like with the ultimate objective
of recovering the money due to the bank.

See
also “
—Regulations Relating to Sale of Assets to Asset Reconstruction Companies
”.

The
Recovery of Debts and Bankruptcy Act, 1993 provides for establishment of Debt Recovery Tribunals with the objective of expeditious adjudication
and recovery of debts due to any bank or financial institution or to a consortium of banks and financial institutions. Under this Act,
the procedures for recoveries of debt have been simplified and time frames have been stipulated for disposal of cases. Upon establishment
of the Debt Recovery Tribunal, no court or other authority can exercise jurisdiction in relation to matters covered by this Act, except
the higher courts in India in certain circumstances.

We
are also adopting an alternate dispute resolution mechanism both online and offline (entailing pre-litigation Lok Adalat, mediation,
conciliation or arbitration or combination thereof administered by Legal Service Authorities or an independent institution) for speedy
resolution of claims and disputes of certain retail assets and services as an alternative to approaching courts or tribunals. In addition,
we focus on proactive management of accounts under supervision. Our strategy is aimed at early-stage solutions to incipient problems.

Resolution
of Stressed Assets

Insolvency
and Bankruptcy Code, 2016

The
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, provides a time-bound revival and rehabilitation mechanism. The corporate insolvency resolution
process can be initiated by the creditors on occurrence of a default above a specific threshold amount. The National Company Law Tribunal
has been set up as the adjudicating authority, the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal has been set up to hear appeals on the orders
of the adjudicating authority with jurisdiction over companies and limited liability entities, and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board
of India has been set up as the new insolvency regulator overseeing insolvency professionals and information utilities, and promoting
transparency.

Regulations
Relating to Sale of Assets to Asset Reconstruction Companies

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines to banks on the process to be followed for sales of financial assets to asset reconstruction
companies in the Master Direction on Transfer of Loans. These guidelines provide that a bank may sell financial assets to an asset reconstruction
company provided the asset is a non-performing asset.

230

Table of Contents

Banks
can also invest in security receipts or pass-through certificates issued by the asset reconstruction company or trusts set up by it to
acquire the financial assets. The Reserve Bank of India has also issued guidelines governing the affairs of asset reconstruction companies.

Framework for
Early Identification of Stress and Information Sharing

Reserve
Bank of India, circular dated July 15, 2024 has issued Master Directions on Fraud Risk Management which states that there shall be a
Board approved policy on fraud risk management delineating roles and responsibilities of board/board committees and senior
management of the Bank which shall also incorporate measures for ensuring compliance with principles of natural justice prior to
fraud classification, in a time-bound manner. Banks shall have a framework for early warning signals and red flagging of accounts
under the overall fraud risk management policy approved by the board, which shall provide for, among others, a system of robust
early warning signals which is integrated with core banking solution or other operational systems. See also “
Supervision
and Regulation—Legislative Framework for Recovery of Debts due to Banks
” and “
Supervision and
Regulation—Legislative Framework for Recovery of Debts due to Banks— Resolution of Stressed Assets—The Banking
Regulation (Amendment) Ordinance, 2017
”.

Regulations
Relating to the Opening of Branches

The
opening and relocation of branches are governed by the provisions of Section 23 of the Banking Regulation Act.

Banks
are permitted to open banking outlets in Tier 1 to Tier 6 centers without the prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, subject to
certain requirements. Banks must allocate 25.0% of the total number of new banking outlets opened during a year to unbanked rural centers. An
unbanked rural center is defined as an area classified as Tier 5 and Tier 6 centers that does not have core banking system enabled banking
outlets.

A
banking outlet is a fixed-point service delivery unit, manned by either a bank’s staff or its business correspondent, and where
services of acceptance of deposits, encashment of checks/cash withdrawal or lending of money are provided for a minimum of four hours
per day for at least five days a week.

Regulations
Governing Use of Business Correspondents

To
increase the outreach of banking and promote greater financial inclusion, the Reserve Bank of India allows banks to engage business correspondents
for providing banking and financial services at locations other than a bank branch.

Regulations
Relating to Deposits

The
Reserve Bank of India permits banks to independently determine interest rates offered on term deposits. However, banks cannot pay interest
on current account deposits. Interest rates payable on savings deposits are not regulated. However, a uniform interest rate on savings
deposits must be paid on deposits up to Rs. 100,000 and differential rates can be paid on deposits of over Rs. 100,000. The
payment of interest on savings deposits is calculated on daily product basis.

Domestic
time deposits and rupee-denominated non-resident ordinary accounts have a minimum maturity of seven days. Rupee-denominated non-resident
external rupee accounts have a minimum maturity of one year and foreign currency denominated for non-resident Indians have a minimum
maturity of one year and a maximum maturity of five years.

Banks
are allowed to offer differential rates of interests on domestic term deposits and for bulk term deposits of Rs. 30 million and
above.

The
Reserve Bank of India allows banks to offer early withdrawal facility in a term deposit as a distinguishing feature for offering differential
rates of interest. All term deposits of individuals of Rs. 10 million and below should, necessarily, have premature withdrawal facility.
For all other term deposits, customers should be given the option to choose between term deposits either with or without premature withdrawal
facility. Banks will be required to disclose in advance the schedule of interest rates payable on deposits.

231

Table of Contents

Banks
are free to determine the interest rates on non-resident (external) rupee deposits and ordinary non-resident accounts. However, the interest
rates cannot exceed the rate offered by the bank on comparable domestic rupee deposits.

The
Reserve Bank India’s Framework for acceptance of green deposits came into effect on June 1, 2023. The purpose of the framework
is to encourage REs to offer green deposits to customers, protect the interests of the depositors, aid customers to achieve their sustainability
agenda, address greenwashing concerns and help augment the flow of credit to green activities and projects.

Regulations
Relating to Payments

In
2021, the Reserve Bank of India introduced the Legal Entity Identifier system for single payment transactions of value Rs.500 million
and above undertaken by non-individual entities using centralised payment systems like real time gross settlement (“RTGS”)
and national electronic funds transfer (“NEFT”).

In
2021, the Reserve Bank of India also issued master directions on digital payment security controls, which provide necessary guidelines
for the REs to set up a robust governance structure and implement common minimum standards of security controls for channels like internet,
mobile banking, card payments, among others. This is to create an enhanced environment for customers to use digital payment products
in a more safe and secure manner.

Regulations
Relating to Customer Service and Customer Protection

Enhancing
customer service and customer protection is a focus area for the Reserve Bank of India, which has regularly emphasized offering efficient,
fair and speedy customer service. In this regard, the Reserve Bank of India has issued several guidelines.

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued a charter of customer rights, which provides the broad overarching principles for the protection of
bank customers. The charter describes five basic rights of bank customers which are the right to fair treatment, the right to transparency,
fair and honest dealing, the right to suitability, the right to privacy and the right to grievance redress and compensation.

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued procedural guidelines for redressal of grievances by an internal ombudsman.

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued directions to banks for determining customer liability in case of Unauthorized Electronic Banking Transaction.

The
Reserve Bank of India does not allow entities regulated by it, including banks, to deal in virtual currencies or to provide services
facilitating any person or entity in dealing with or settling virtual currencies. Such services include maintaining accounts, registering,
trading, settling, clearing, giving loans against virtual tokens, accepting them as collateral, opening accounts of exchanges dealing
with them and transfer/receipt of money in accounts relating to purchase/sale of virtual currencies.

Personal Data
Protection and Privacy

The
Bank has a global presence in several jurisdictions including Hong Kong, Singapore, the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, China,
the Dubai International Financial Centre and Bahrain. The Bank is committed to ensuring compliance with applicable laws across these
jurisdictions. It has an integrated and centralised strategy for achieving data privacy compliance across all jurisdictions.

232

Table of Contents

Privacy
regulations require the personal data of customers to be protected throughout its entire life cycle. Accordingly, the Bank has undertaken
several comprehensive measures such as categorising all personal data and sensitive personal data as ‘Confidential Information’,
keeping records of all its processing activities, entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with employees and third
parties who are privy to customers’ personal data and providing customers the option to exercise various rights which they enjoy
under applicable data protection regulations and incident handling procedures.

On August 11, 2023, the Indian Government enacted the Digital Personal
Data Protection Act, 2023, introducing several compliance requirements for the collection and processing of personal data. The digital
personal data protection Act is proposed to come into force in a phased manner, i.e. as and when the Central Government notifies the provisions
of the digital personal data protection Act, from time to time. Rules under the digital personal data protection Act have not yet been
issued by the Central Government.

Regulations
Governing Mobile Banking

The
Reserve Bank of India permits Indian banks to offer mobile banking services to their customers. Transactions involving a debit to the
customer’s account should have a two-level authentication to execute the transaction. The Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines
requiring banks to provide easy registration for mobile banking services.

Regulations
Governing Credit, Debit and Co-branded Cards

The
Reserve Bank of India issued master directions for the issuance of credit and debit cards. The directions cover the general and conduct
regulations relating to credit, debit and co-branded cards which shall be read along with prudential, payment and technology and cyber
security related directions applicable to credit, debit and co-branded cards.

Regulations
Governing Prepaid Payment Instruments

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued master directions on issuance and operation of prepaid payment instruments. Issuers are required to
have board-approved policy for issuance of various types/categories of prepaid instruments, engaging agents, co-branding arrangement,
re-validation of gift instruments and all related activities.

Deposit Insurance

Demand
and time deposits accepted by Indian banks must be insured with the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation, a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Reserve Bank of India. The limit on insurance coverage for depositors in insured banks is Rs. 500,000 per depositor.
Banks are required to pay the insurance premium for the eligible amount to the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation on
a semi-annual basis. The cost of the insurance premium cannot be passed on to the customer.

The Depositor
Education and Awareness Fund Scheme, 2014—Section 26A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949

The
Reserve Bank of India has advised that banks shall calculate the cumulative balances in all eligible accounts which are unclaimed for
more than 10 years along with interest accrued, and the amount due in each calendar month shall be transferred on the last working day
of the subsequent month.

233

Table of Contents

Borrowings
by Banks in India

The
Reserve Bank of India has permitted banks to borrow and lend in Call, Notice and Term Money Markets as per the internal board-approved
limits within the prescribed prudential limits for interbank liabilities.

(a)   The IBL of
                                            a bank should not exceed 200% of its net worth as on March 31 of the previous year.

(b)   The banks
                                            whose CRAR is at least 25% more than the minimum CRAR (9%) (i.e., 11.25%) as on March 31,
                                            of the previous year, are allowed to have a higher limit up to 300% of the net worth for
                                            IBL.

The
Reserve Bank of India has allowed banks to borrow funds from their overseas branches and correspondent banks (including borrowings for
financing export credit, external commercial borrowings and overdrafts from their head office/nostro account) up to a limit of 100.0%
of unimpaired Tier 1 capital or US$10 million, whichever is higher.

Banks
are permitted to raise funds through issuance of rupee denominated bonds overseas. The Reserve Bank of India has permitted banks to issue
perpetual debt instruments that can qualify for inclusion as additional Tier 1 capital and debt capital instruments that can qualify
for inclusion as Tier 2 capital, by way of rupee denominated bonds in the overseas market, and long-term bonds for financing infrastructure
and affordable housing projects.

Gold Monetization
Scheme and Sovereign Gold Bonds

The
Gold Monetisation Scheme (“GMS”) is intended to mobilise gold held by households and institutions of the country and facilitate
its use for productive purposes, and in the long run, to reduce the country’s reliance on the import of gold. The minimum deposit
at any one time is 10 grams of raw gold. The short-term deposits are allowed for a period of one to three years and treated as the bank’s
on-balance sheet liability, medium-term deposits for five to seven years and long-term deposits for 12-15 years. The redemption of medium
and long-term deposits, at the option of the depositor, can be either in the Indian rupee equivalent of the value of the deposited gold
or in the gold itself.

The
Sovereign Gold Bonds (“SGBs”) are issued by the Government of India under Section 3 of the Government Securities Act, 2006.
SGBs are government securities denominated in grams of gold. They are substitutes for holding physical gold. The Bond is issued by the
Reserve Bank of India on behalf of the Government of India. The investment in sovereign gold bond is restricted based on the investor
type.

Regulations
Relating to Know Your Customer and Anti-Money Laundering

The
Prevention of Money Laundering Act (“PMLA”), 2002, seeks to prevent and criminalize money laundering and terrorist financing
in line with recommendations made by the Financial Action Task Force. The PMLA lays down the obligations on designated entities (including
banks) for maintaining records and reporting certain transactions to the Financial Intelligence Unit. It also lists out the predicate
offences, appointment of the Designated Director and Principal Officer and their respective obligations under the Act. Prevention of
Money Laundering Rules (“PMLR”), 2005 have also been framed under this Act. Both the PMLA and PMLR are amended from time
to time.

The
Reserve Bank of India has also provided directions in line with the PMLA and PMLR that cover key aspects including customer acceptance
policy, customer due-diligence procedures, monitoring of transactions risk management, regulatory reporting, training of employees and
independent audit of AML/KYC framework. These directions are updated from time to time.

234

Table of Contents

Regulations
Relating to Investments

Banks
are required to undertake investment activities as per the terms and conditions specified in the extant Reserve Bank of India guideline
on Classification, Valuation and Operation of Investment Portfolio of Commercial Banks dated September 12, 2023. Banks are required to
adopt a board-approved comprehensive investment policy.

The
entire investment portfolio (including SLR securities and non-SLR securities) is to be classified under three categories: ‘Held
to Maturity’ (“HTM”), ‘Available for Sale’ (“AFS”) and ‘Fair Value through Profit and
Loss’ (“FVTPL”). ‘Held for Trading’ (“HFT”) shall be a separate investment subcategory within
FVTPL. Investments in own subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates will be a separate category. The category of the investment shall
be decided by the bank at the time of acquisition.

Banks
shall not reclassify investments between categories without the approval of their board of directors. Further, reclassification shall
also require the prior approval of the RBI.

A
bank’s investment in unlisted non-SLR securities shall not exceed 10 percent of its total investment in non-SLR securities as on
March 31 of the previous year.

The
criterion used to classify an asset as a Non-Performing Asset (“NPA”) shall be used to classify an investment as a Non-Performing
Investment (“NPI”) (i.e., an NPI is one where interest/ instalment, including maturity proceeds is due and remains unpaid
for more than 90 days). In the case of equity shares, in the event the investment in the shares of any company is valued at Re.1 per
company on account of the non-availability of the latest balance sheet, those equity shares shall be classified as NPI.

Investments
in Alternative Investment Funds

‘Regulated
entities’ shall not make investments in any scheme of alternative investment funds which has downstream investments either directly
or indirectly in a debtor company of the regulated entity. Debtor company of the regulated entity, shall mean any company to which the
regulated entity currently has or previously had a loan or investment exposure anytime during the preceding 12 months.

If
an alternative investment funds scheme, in which regulated entity is already an investor, makes a downstream investment in any such debtor
company, then the regulated entities shall liquidate its investment in the scheme within 30 days from the date of such downstream investment
by the alternative investment funds. In case regulated entities are not able to liquidate their investments within 30 days, they shall
make 100 percent provision on such investments. Provisioning shall be required only to the extent of investment by the regulated entity
in the AIF scheme which is further invested by the alternative investment funds in the debtor company.

Downstream
investments shall exclude investments in equity shares of the debtor company of the regulated entity, but shall include all other investments,
including investment in hybrid instruments.

Subsidiaries
and Other Financial and Non-Financial Services Investments

In
terms of Section 19(2) of the Banking Regulation Act, banks should not hold shares in any company except as provided in subsection (1)
of that Act, whether as pledgee, mortgagee or absolute owner, of an amount exceeding 30.0% of the paid-up share capital of that company
or 30.0% of its own paid-up share capital and reserves and surplus, whichever is less. Further, in terms of Section 19(3) of the Banking
Regulation Act, banks should not hold shares, whether as pledgee, mortgagee or absolute owner, in any company in the management of which
any managing director or manager of the bank is in any manner concerned or interested.

235

Table of Contents

Banks
need prior permission of the Reserve Bank of India to form a subsidiary. Banks are required to maintain an “arm’s-length”
relationship with subsidiaries.

Under
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a bank’s equity investments in a subsidiary, or a financial services company (including a
financial institution, a stock or other exchange or a depository) which is not a subsidiary, should not exceed 10.0% of the bank’s
paid-up share capital and reserves and the total investments made in all subsidiaries and all non-subsidiary financial services companies
should not exceed 20.0% of the bank’s paid-up share capital and reserves.

The
aggregate equity investments made in all subsidiaries and other entities engaged in financial services and non-financial services, including
overseas investments shall not exceed 20.0% of the bank’s paid-up share capital and reserves.

Regulations
on Asset Liability Management

The
Reserve Bank of India in November 2012 issued guidelines on Liquidity Risk Management by Banks. It includes guidance on liquidity risk
governance, measurement, monitoring and the reporting to the Reserve Bank of India on liquidity positions.

Stress
Testing

The
Reserve Bank of India in November 2012 issued guidelines on stress testing. It covers guidelines on overall objectives, governance, design
and implementation of stress testing programmes.

Banks
are required to carry out the stress tests involving prescribed shocks at a minimum. Though a bank should assess its resilience to withstand
shocks of all levels of severity indicated in the stress testing guidelines, the bank should be able to survive, at least the baseline
shocks.

Guidelines
on Banks’ Asset Liability Management Framework – Interest Rate Risk

On
February 17, 2023, the Reserve Bank of India released guidelines on ‘Governance, measurement and management of Interest Rate Risk
in Banking Book’. Until the date for implementation is communicated by the Reserve Bank of India, the Bank is required to submit
the disclosures in the prescribed format to the Department of Regulation, Reserve Bank of India on a quarterly basis with effect from
the quarter end of March 2023.

Information
Technology and Cyber Security

The
Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines on Information Security, Electronic Banking, Technology Risk Management and Cyber Frauds (G.
Gopalakrishna Committee) broadly cover nine subject areas relating to Information Technology, including information technology governance,
information security, information technology operations, information technology services outsourcing, information systems audit, cyber
frauds, business continuity planning, customer education and legal issues. The implementation of the guidelines is to be monitored by
senior management on an ongoing basis.

In
April 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued Master Direction on Outsourcing of Information Technology Services. Banks have been extensively
leveraging information technology and information technology enabled services to support their business models, products and services
offered to their customers.

In
November 2023, the Reserve Bank of India issued Master Direction on Information Technology Governance, Risk, Controls and Assurance Practices.
The Master Direction focuses on areas of information technology governance, information technology infrastructure & service management,
information technology & information security risk management, business continuity & disaster recovery management and information
systems audit.

236

Table of Contents

Banks
shall put in place a Risk Management framework for Outsourcing of information technology services that shall comprehensively deal with
the processes and responsibilities for identification, measurement, mitigation/ management and reporting of risks associated with Outsourcing
of information technology services arrangements.

The
Reserve Bank of India’s Cyber Security Framework in Banks requires banks to put in place a cyber-security policy containing an
appropriate approach to combat cyber threats given the level of complexity of business and acceptable levels of risk.

See
also “
Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Technology—We face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking,
social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft
that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant
legal and financial exposure
”.

Foreign Currency
Dealership

The
Reserve Bank of India has granted us a full-fledged authorized dealers’ license to deal in foreign exchange through our designated
branches.

Further,
banks are permitted to hedge foreign currency loan exposures of Indian corporations in the form of interest rate swaps, currency swaps
and forward rate agreements, subject to certain conditions.

Our
foreign exchange operations are subject to the guidelines specified by the Reserve Bank of India.

Statutes Governing
Foreign Exchange and Cross-Border Business Transactions

Foreign
exchange and cross-border transactions undertaken by banks are subject to the provisions of FEMA. Banks are required to monitor transactions
of customers based on predefined rules using a risk-based approach which envisages identification of unusual transactions, undertaking
due diligence on such transactions and, if confirmed as suspicious, reporting to the Financial Intelligence Unit of the respective jurisdiction.

The
Reserve Bank of India issues guidelines on External Commercial Borrowings (“ECB”) and Trade Credits from time to time.

The
Reserve Bank of India issued revised directions in January 2024 on facilities for hedging exchange risk by residents and non-residents.
According to the directions, derivative products can be offered to any person resident in India or resident outside India having foreign
exchange risk on an anticipated or contracted basis in line with issued guidelines.

The
Reserve Bank of India has permitted non-residents to undertake transactions in the rupee interest rate derivatives markets for the purpose
of hedging interest rate risk or otherwise.

For
purposes other than hedging, non-residents (other than individuals) are permitted to take overnight index swaps transactions directly
with market makers in India or by way of back-to-back arrangements through a foreign branch/parent/group entity of the market maker.

In
2021, the Reserve Bank of India issued revised guidelines for offering over-the-counter derivatives. It has prescribed broad principles
to be adhered to by market makers with respect to governance frameworks, introduction of new products, user dealing conduct, pricing
and valuation, risk management, internal control, and internal audit.

237

Table of Contents

In
June 2022, the Reserve Bank of India issued Master Directions for exchange of variation margin to minimize the counterparty credit risk
arising out of dealing in Non Centrally Cleared Derivatives (“NCCDs”).

Further,
in May 2024, the Reserve Bank of India amended the above direction and also issued directions for exchange of Initial Margin (“IM”)
for NCCDs.

Consolidated
Supervision Guidelines

Banks
are required to prepare consolidated financial statements intended for public disclosure.

Banks
are also required to submit to the Reserve Bank of India consolidated prudential returns reporting their compliance with various prudential
norms on a consolidated basis, excluding insurance subsidiaries and group companies engaged in businesses not pertaining to financial
services.

See
also “Selected Statistical Information—Loan Concentration.”

Moratorium,
Reconstruction and Amalgamation of Banks

The
Reserve Bank of India can apply to the Government of India to suspend the business of a banking company. The Government of India, after
considering the application of the Reserve Bank of India, may order a moratorium staying commencement of action or proceedings against
such company for a maximum period of six months. During such period of moratorium, the Reserve Bank of India may prepare a scheme for
the reconstruction of the bank or merger of the bank with any other bank only if: (a) in the public interest; (b) in the interest of
the depositors; (c) in order to secure the proper management of the bank; or (d) in the interests of the banking system of the country
as a whole.

The
Reserve Bank of India has issued guidelines on amalgamation between private sector banks and between banks and non-banking finance companies.
The guidelines particularly emphasize the examination of the rationale for mergers, the systemic benefits arising from it and the advantages
accruing to the merged entity. With respect to a merger between two private sector banks, the guidelines require the draft scheme of
merger to be approved by the shareholders of both banks with a two-thirds majority after approval by the boards of directors of the two
banks concerned. The approved scheme needs to be submitted to the Reserve Bank of India for valuation and approval in accordance with
the Banking Regulation Act. With respect to a merger of a bank and a nonbanking company, where the non-banking company is proposed to
be amalgamated with the bank, the banking company has to obtain the approval of the Reserve Bank of India after the scheme of amalgamation
is approved by its board and the board of the non-banking finance company, but before it is submitted to the tribunal for approval. See
also “
—Other Statutes—Competition Act
.”

Other Statutes

Companies
Act

Companies
in India, including banks, in addition to the sector-specific statutes and the regulations and guidelines prescribed by the sectoral
regulators, are required to comply with relevant provisions of the Companies Act 2013. The Companies Act includes provisions to make
independent directors more accountable, improve corporate governance practices and make corporate social responsibility mandatory for
companies above a certain size and require them to spend a minimum of 2.0% of the average net profits of the preceding three years for
corporate social responsibility initiatives. Any shortfall in this regard must be explained in the annual report. Any excess amount
spent over and above the requirement for that year may be set off against the requirement to spend for succeeding financial years. Any
unspent amount in case of an ongoing project has to be transferred to the Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility Account and spent as
stipulated under the Companies Act, 2013 and in other cases transfer such unspent amount to the fund specified under Schedule VII of
the Companies Act within the stipulated period.

238

Table of Contents

Competition
Act

The
Competition Act, 2002 established the Competition Commission of India with the objective of promoting competition, preventing unfair
trade practices and protecting the interest of consumers. The Competition Act, 2002 prohibits anti-competitive agreements and abuse
of market dominance, and requires the approval of the Competition Commission for mergers and acquisitions involving companies above a
certain size.

Secrecy Obligations

The
obligations of banks relating to maintaining secrecy arise out of common law principles governing relationships with customers. Banks
cannot disclose any information to third parties except under clearly defined circumstances. The following are the exceptions to this
general rule:

·   where
                                            disclosure is required to be made under any law;

·   where
                                            there is an obligation to disclose to the public;

·   where
                                            we need to disclose information in its interest; and

·   where
                                            disclosure is made with the express or implied consent of the customer.

Banks
are also required to disclose information if ordered to do so by a court. The Reserve Bank of India may, in the public interest, publish
the information obtained from the bank. Under the provisions of the Banker’s Books Evidence Act, a copy of any entry in a bankers’
book, such as ledgers, day books, cash books and account books certified by an officer of the bank may be treated as prima facie evidence
of the transaction in any legal proceeding.

Regulations
and Guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Board of India

The
Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) was established to protect the interests of investors in securities and to
promote the development of and to regulate the Indian securities market. We and our subsidiaries and affiliates are subject to SEBI’s
regulations for public capital issuances, private placements as well as underwriting, custodian, designated depository participant, merchant
banker, depository participant, investment advisory, private equity, trading member, clearing member, asset management, portfolio management,
banker to the issue, research analyst and debenture trusteeship activities. These regulations provide for our/our subsidiaries’
registration with SEBI for each of these activities, functions and responsibilities. We and our subsidiaries are required to adhere to
codes of conduct applicable to these activities.

Income Tax
Benefits

As
a banking company, the Bank is entitled to certain tax benefits under the Indian Income Tax Act. We are allowed a deduction of up to
20.0% of the profits derived from the business of providing long-term finance (defined as loans and advances extended for a period of
not less than five years) for industrial or agricultural development, development of infrastructure facility in India or development
of housing in India, computed in the manner specified under the Indian Income Tax Act and carried to a Special Reserve Account. The deduction
is allowed subject to the aggregate of the amounts transferred to the Special Reserve Account for this purpose from time to time not
exceeding twice our paid-up share capital and general reserves. The amount withdrawn from such a Special Reserve Account would be chargeable
to income tax in the year of withdrawal, in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Income Tax Act. In accordance with the guidelines
issued by the Reserve Bank of India in December 2013, banks are required to create deferred tax liability on the special reserve on a
prudent basis. The deferred tax liability is permitted to be charged through the profit and loss account. In India, while computing taxable
income, provision on non-performing loans is allowed as a deduction from income only up to 8.5% of the total income and 10.0% of the
aggregate average advances made by the rural branches of the bank. The balance of the provisions, which comprises a significant majority
of the provision, is allowed as a deduction from the taxable income at the time of write-off of the loans.

239

Table of Contents

Regulations
Governing Insurance Companies

The
Insurance (Amendment) Act, 2021, was passed by the Indian Parliament and notified in 2021. The Act, amongst other things, raised the
foreign investment limit in the insurance sector from 49.0% to a composite limit of 74.0%. An earlier amendment to the law eliminated
the requirement that promoters of an insurance company reduce their stake to 26.0% after 10 years.

ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, our subsidiary/associate and affiliate
offering life insurance and general insurance products, respectively, are subject to the provisions of the Insurance Act, 1938 and subsequent
rules and amendments notified, and the various regulations prescribed by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
(“IRDAI” or “Authority”). These regulate and govern, among other things, registration as an insurance company,
investment, solvency margin requirements, licensing/ registration of insurance agents and other insurance intermediaries, advertising,
sale and distribution of insurance products and services and protection of policyholders’ interests.

Regulations
Governing Mutual Funds

ICICI
Prudential Asset Management Company Limited (the “AMC”), our asset management subsidiary, is regulated by SEBI for its asset
management activity. The AMC is primarily governed by SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996, SEBI (Portfolio Managers) Regulations, 2020
and SEBI (Alternative Investment Funds) Regulations 2012 and circulars issued under the respective regulations. These regulations, among
other things, provides for the requirements of registration, restrictions on business activities of asset management companies, process/requirements
for launching funds/portfolios, requirements for valuation policies and disclosures and reporting requirements. Further, the respective
regulations provide for investment restrictions applicable to the funds/portfolios.

Regulations
Governing International Operations

Our
international operations are governed by regulations in the countries in which we have a presence. Further, the Reserve Bank of India
has notified that foreign branches/foreign subsidiaries of Indian banks/AIFIs can deal in financial products, including structured financial
products, which are not available or are not permitted by the Reserve Bank in the domestic market without prior approval of the Reserve
Bank of India, subject to compliance with certain conditions.

Overseas
Banking Subsidiaries

Our
wholly owned subsidiary in the United Kingdom, ICICI Bank UK PLC, is authorized and regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority
and Financial Conduct Authority. Our subsidiary in the United Kingdom has seven branches located in the United Kingdom and one branch
in mainland Europe, located in Eschborn, Germany.

Our
wholly owned subsidiary in Canada, ICICI Bank Canada (a Schedule II Bank in Canada), is regulated by the Office of the Superintendent
of Financial Institutions. Our subsidiary in Canada has 9 branches and 5 Customer Service Centers in Halifax, Kitchener, Ottawa, Winnipeg
and Edmonton.

240

Table of Contents

Offshore
Branches

Our
overseas branches in Singapore, Bahrain, Hong Kong, the Dubai International Financial Centre, China and New York are regulated by the
Monetary Authority of Singapore, Central Bank of Bahrain, Hong Kong Monetary Authority, Dubai Financial Services Authority, National
Financial Regulatory Administration, Federal Reserve Board and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency respectively. In addition,
we also have an Offshore Banking Unit located in the Santacruz Electronic Exports Promotion Zone, Mumbai and an IFSC Banking Unit at
Unit No 408, 4th Floor, Brigade International Financial Centre, GIFT Multi Services SEZ, Gandhinagar 382 344, Gujarat, India.

In
2021, the Reserve Bank of India released a circular regarding infusion of capital in overseas branches and subsidiaries and
retention/repatriation/transfer of profits in these centers by banks incorporated in India. As per the circular, prior approval of
the Reserve Bank of India is not required for capital infusion/ transfers (including retention/repatriation of profits) for banks
which meet the regulatory capital requirements (including capital buffers). Banks shall however seek the approval of their boards
for the same. Banks are required to report all such instances of infusion of capital and retention/transfer/repatriation of profits
in overseas branches and subsidiaries to the Reserve Bank of India.

Regulations
Governing Banking Units in International Financial Services Centres in India

As
per guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, public and private sector banks dealing in foreign exchange are permitted to set
up one banking unit in each international financial services center in India. Banks need prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India
before opening a banking unit, and this will be treated on par with a foreign branch of an Indian bank. In 2020, the Government established
the International Financial Services Centres Authority, a unified authority for the development and regulation of financial products,
financial services and financial institutions in the International Financial Services Centre. In 2020, the International Financial Services
Centres Authority announced regulations for banking and investment activities in the IFSC. Banking units were permitted to undertake
additional activities, subject to compliance with the terms and conditions or guidelines as specified by the International Financial
Services Centres Authority.

With
a view to further enhancing ‘ease of doing banking business’, the International Financial Services Centres Authority has
issued the International Financial Services Centres Authority Banking Handbook which is a compendium of directions of the Authority to
the IBU operating in GIFT IFSC and to the banking companies incorporated in India or outside India looking to set up an IBU as a branch
in GIFT IFSC. The Handbook is organised in three components, including: (a) General directions, (b) Conduct of Business directions, and
(c) Prudential Directions applicable to IBUs. The provisions of International Financial Services Centres Authority Banking Handbook have
been effective since January 1, 2022. The respective handbooks are updated from time to time by the International Financial Services
Centres Authority to incorporate amendments.

Representative
Offices

We
have representative offices in various jurisdictions that are regulated by the respective regulatory authorities.

Foreign
Account Tax Compliance Act

The
Government of India entered into a Model 1 inter-governmental agreement with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with the
United States. ICICI Bank is registered with the Internal Revenue Service in the United States. In addition, the United States has entered
into Model 1 inter-governmental agreements with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany,
Singapore, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and reached a similar agreement in substance with China, Malaysia and Indonesia, and a Model
2 inter-governmental agreement with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act with Hong Kong. ICICI Bank has taken measures to
comply with the terms of applicable inter-governmental agreements with respect to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and any regulations
issued thereunder.

241

Table of Contents

Common
Reporting Standards

The
Common Reporting Standard formally referred to as the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information, is an information
standard for the automatic exchange of information, developed in the context of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
In India requirements under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act/Common Reporting Standard are implemented by the Central Board of
Direct Taxes. The common reporting standard has been adopted by the United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia,
Indonesia, China, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain.

242

Table of Contents

Exchange
Controls

Restrictions
on Conversion of Rupees

There
are restrictions on the conversion of rupees into dollars. The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 has substantially eased the restrictions
on current account transactions, with a few exceptions. However, the Reserve Bank of India continues to exercise control over capital
account transactions (i.e., those which alter the assets or liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of persons).

Issuance of
Depositary receipts, Restrictions on Sale of the Equity Shares underlying ADSs and Repatriation of Sale Proceeds

The
Securities and Exchange Board of India, via circular dated October 10, 2019, has provided a framework for the issuance of depositary
receipts. As per the circular, only a company incorporated in India and listed on a recognized stock exchange in India may issue permissible
securities or their holders may transfer permissible securities, for the purpose of issuing depositary receipts subject to compliance
with the eligibility criteria defined by SEBI. SEBI has further issued operational guidelines dated October 1, 2020, for monitoring foreign
holdings in depositary receipts. Pursuant to the operational guidelines, every listed company shall appoint one Indian depository as
the designated depository for the purposes of monitoring such limits. Subsequently, SEBI issued a circular dated December 18, 2020, according
to which non-resident indians shall neither subscribe to any further issue nor make any further acquisition of depositary receipts except
issue of depositary receipts to non-resident Indians pursuant to share based employee benefit schemes or pursuant to bonus issue or rights
issue. The Listed Company has the obligation to identify the non-resident Indian holders who are issued depositary receipts in terms
of employee benefit scheme and provide such information to the designated depository for monitoring limits. There are no end-use restrictions
on American Depositary Receipt issue proceeds except for the real estate sector and stock markets, in which investment of ADR issue proceeds
is prohibited.

An
ADR holder is entitled to hold or transfer ADRs or redeem them into underlying ordinary shares with the option to continue holding ordinary
shares. ADR holders have the same rights in respect of bonus and rights issues as any ordinary shareholder of the company.

ADSs
issued by Indian companies to non-residents have free convertibility outside India. Under current Indian laws there is a general permission
for the sale or transfer of equity shares underlying ADSs obtained after conversion of ADRs by a person not resident in India to a resident
of India if the sale is proposed to be made through a recognized stock exchange or when the underlying shares are being sold in terms
of an offer made under Securities Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011. For all
other cases of sale of shares underlying the ADRs, permission of the Reserve Bank of India is required.

If
a sale of securities has taken place in terms of the rules laid down by the government, Reserve Bank of India guidelines and other applicable
regulations, the sale proceeds may be freely remitted as long as (i) the securities were held on repatriation basis, (ii) either the
securities has been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India or the Reserve Bank of India’s
approval has been obtained in other cases and (iii) a no objection or tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority has been
obtained.

The
issuance of fresh depositary receipts and any changes or modifications in the existing terms and conditions of ADR/GDR should be in accordance
with DR Scheme, 2014 or/and be subject to approval or clarification from the Reserve Bank of India or the SEBI.

243

Table of Contents

Investment
in depositary receipts by a person resident outside India should be in terms of schedule IX of the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt
Instruments) Rules, 2019 dated October 17, 2019.

244

Table of Contents

Restriction
on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities

The Government
of India strictly regulates ownership of Indian companies by foreigners. Foreign investment in securities issued by Indian companies,
including the equity shares represented by ADSs, is governed by the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, and rules and regulations
thereunder, as amended from time to time (“Act”). The Act authorizes the Reserve Bank of India to impose restrictions on
inflow or outflow of foreign exchange and provides that certain transactions cannot be carried out without the general or special permission
of the Reserve Bank of India or relevant departments of the Government of India. The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 has eased
restrictions on current account transactions. However, the Reserve Bank of India continues to exercise control over capital account transactions
(i.e., those which alter the assets or liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of persons). The Government has laid down rules
and the Reserve Bank of India has issued regulations under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 to regulate the various kinds of
capital account transactions, including certain aspects of the purchase and issuance of shares of Indian companies.

The issue or transfer
of any security of an Indian company by a person resident outside of India, foreign investment in equity instruments (equity shares,
compulsorily convertible debentures, compulsorily convertible preference shares and share warrants) as well as issuance of rupee denominated
shares for issuing ADSs, are all governed by applicable rules and regulations issued under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999,
the Depository Receipts Scheme 2014 and by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, and may be made only in accordance with the terms
and conditions specified under such rules and regulations.

The foreign investment
limit in Indian companies includes, in addition to foreign direct investments, investment by Foreign Portfolio Investors, Non-Resident
Indians, Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds, American Depository Receipts, Global Depository Receipts and convertible preference shares
held by foreign entities.

The Foreign Exchange
Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, as amended (“Rules”) provide for, among other things, the following restrictions
on foreign ownership for private sector banks:

·   Foreign
                                            investors (including indirect foreign investment made by foreign portfolio investors) may
                                            own up to 74.0% of the equity share capital of a private sector bank in India subject to
                                            rules and regulations issued by the Government of India and the Reserve Bank of India from
                                            time to time. While foreign investment up to 49.0% in private sector banks does not require
                                            any specific approval, foreign investment beyond 49.0% and up to 74.0% requires prior approval
                                            of the Government of India, unless such investments are otherwise exempted from the requirement
                                            for approval. Investments by foreign investors exempted from the requirement for Government
                                            of India approval include aggregate foreign portfolio investment (as defined in the Rules)
                                            up to 49.0% of the paid-up capital on a fully diluted basis or a sectoral cap (whichever
                                            is lower) that does not result in the transfer of ownership or control of the resident Indian
                                            company from resident Indian citizens or transfer of ownership or control to persons resident
                                            outside India, and other investments by a person resident outside India shall be subject
                                            to the conditions of Government approval and compliance of sectoral conditions as laid down
                                            in the Rules. The Rules allow Indian companies to freely issue rights and bonus shares to
                                            existing non-resident shareholders, subject to adherence to sectoral cap and fulfilling certain
                                            conditions laid out in the applicable laws and statute. The aggregate foreign investment
                                            limit of 74.0% includes investments by way of foreign direct investments, ADSs/Global Depositary
                                            Receipts (Depository Receipts), Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds (mandatorily and compulsorily
                                            convertible) and investment under the Portfolio Investment Scheme by foreign portfolio investors
                                            and non-resident Indians/Overseas Citizens of India, and also includes shares acquired by
                                            subscription to private placements and public offerings and acquisition of shares from existing
                                            shareholders. At least 26.0% of the paid-up capital would have to be held by Indian residents
                                            at all times, except in regard to a wholly owned subsidiary of a foreign bank.

245

Table of Contents

·   Additionally,
                                            in the case of proposals requiring prior approval of the Government of India, those proposals
                                            involving total foreign equity inflow of more than Rs. 50.0 billion, shall require approval
                                            of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.

·   An
                                            individual non-resident Indian’s holding is restricted to 5.0% of the total paid-up
                                            share capital both on repatriation and non-repatriation basis and the aggregate limit of
                                            investment by all non-resident Indians cannot exceed 10.0% of the total paid up capital both
                                            on repatriation and non-repatriation basis. However, non-resident Indian holdings can be
                                            allowed up to 24.0% of the total paid-up capital, both on repatriation and non-repatriation
                                            basis, subject to a special resolution to this effect passed by the shareholders of the bank.

·   Aggregate
                                            holding by a person along with his relatives, associate enterprises and persons acting in
                                            concert with him, whether directly or indirectly, beneficial or otherwise, of shares or voting
                                            rights, of 5% or more of the paid-up share capital or voting rights (“major shareholding”)
                                            in a banking company shall require prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India pursuant to
                                            Reserve Bank of India (Acquisition and Holding of Shares or Voting Rights in Banking Companies)
                                            Directions dated January 16, 2023. The persons from Financial Action Task Force non-compliant
                                            jurisdictions shall not be permitted to acquire major shareholding in a banking company.
                                            However, existing major shareholding by persons from Financial Action Task Force non-compliant
                                            jurisdiction shall be continued, provided that there shall not be any further acquisition
                                            without prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India. If aggregate holding of a person falls
                                            below 5%, fresh Reserve Bank of India approval will be required for raising it again to 5%
                                            or above. Additionally, the ceiling on voting rights for a single shareholder is 26.0% of
                                            the total voting rights of all shareholders of the bank.

·   A
                                            permissible holder may purchase or sell equity shares of a public Indian company which is
                                            listed or to be listed on an International Exchange under Direct Listing of Equity Shares
                                            of Companies Incorporated in India on International Exchanges Scheme.

Under the Portfolio
Investment Scheme:

i.   Foreign portfolio investors, as referred
                                            in Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019,
                                            may hold share capital up to sectoral cap applicable to such Indian company. However, an
                                            Indian company may, with the resolution of its board of directors and a special resolution:
                                            (i) decrease the aggregate limit before March 31, 2020 to a lower threshold of 24.0% or 49.0%
                                            or 74.0% or (ii) increase the aggregate limit to 49.0% or 74.0% or the sectoral cap or any
                                            statutory ceiling. However, once the aggregate limit is increased, the limit cannot be reduced
                                            later. No single foreign portfolio investor may own 10.0% or more of total paid-up equity
                                            capital on a fully diluted basis on behalf of itself or it’s investor group.

ii.   Overseas corporate bodies are not permitted
                                            to invest under the Portfolio Investment Scheme, although they may continue to hold investments
                                            that have already been made under the Portfolio Investment Scheme until such time as these
                                            investments are sold on the stock exchange. Overseas corporate bodies are derecognized as
                                            a class of investor entity by the Reserve Bank of India under various routes and schemes
                                            under the foreign exchange rules and regulations.

246

Table of Contents

Foreign Portfolio Investment Scheme
– Purchase of shares or convertible debentures or warrants

The Securities
and Exchange Board of India issued the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, as amended
from time to time. Under the foreign portfolio investment regime, foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts and qualified foreign
investors were merged into a new investor class called as foreign portfolio investors. A foreign portfolio investor registered with the
Securities and Exchange Board of India can purchase shares or convertible debentures or warrants of an Indian company. The total holding
by each foreign portfolio investor or its investor group shall be less than 10.0% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted
basis or less than 10.0% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian
company. If the total investment exceeds the aforementioned threshold limit, the foreign portfolio investor shall divest the excess holding
within five trading days from the date of settlement of the trades resulting in the breach. In the event of failure to do so, the entire
investment in the company by such foreign portfolio investors including its investor group shall be considered as Foreign Direct Investment
and the foreign portfolio investor and its investor group shall not make further portfolio investment in that company. The clubbing of
investment limit of foreign portfolio investors is based on common ultimate beneficial ownership. Except for the exemptions provided
in these regulations, multiple entities registered as foreign portfolio investors and directly or indirectly, having common ownership
of more than 50.0% or common control, shall be treated as part of the same investor group and the investment limits of all such entities
shall be clubbed at the investment limit as applicable to a single foreign portfolio investor.

Transfer of equity instruments
by a person resident outside India

A person resident
outside India (other than a non-resident Indian/overseas citizen of India or a former overseas corporate body) may transfer by way of
sale or gift the equity instruments of an Indian company or units held by him or it to any person resident outside India provided that:

i.   prior government approval shall
be obtained for any transfer in case the company is engaged in a sector which requires government approval; and

ii.   where the equity instruments
are held by the person resident outside India on a non-repatriable basis, the transfer by way of sale where the transferee intends to
hold the equity instruments on a repatriable basis, shall be in compliance with and subject to the adherence to entry routes, sectoral
caps or investment limits, as specified in Rules and attendant conditionalities for such investment, pricing guidelines, documentation
and reporting requirements for such transfers, as may be specified by the Reserve Bank of India from time to time.

A person resident
outside India holding equity instruments of an Indian company or units:

i.   may transfer the same to a
person resident in India by way of gift;

ii.   may sell the same to a person
resident in India on a recognized stock exchange in India through a registered broker in the manner prescribed by Securities and Exchange
Board of India; or

iii.   may sell the same to a person
resident in India, subject to the adherence to pricing guidelines, documentation and reporting requirements for such transfers as may
be specified by the Reserve Bank of India in consultation with the Government from time to time.

The Reserve Bank
of India guidelines relating to acquisition by purchase or otherwise of shares or voting rights of a banking company, if such acquisition
results in any person owning or controlling 5.0% or more of the paid-up share capital or voting rights of the banking company, are also
applicable to foreign investment, whether directly or indirectly, beneficial or otherwise. For more details on the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines relating to acquisition and holding of shares or voting rights in banking companies, see “
Supervision and Regulation—Ownership
Restrictions
”.

247

Table of Contents

Reporting of foreign investments

The Reserve Bank
of India has issued guidelines on reporting of foreign investments with the objective of integrating different reporting structures for
foreign investments in India. As per the guidelines, a Single Master Form must be filed online. The Single Master Form, as amended from
time to time, provides a facility for reporting total foreign investments in an Indian entity as well as investments by persons residing
outside India in an investment vehicle.

Indian entities
not complying with this pre-requisite will not be able to receive foreign investments (including indirect foreign investments) and will
be deemed non-compliant under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and regulations made thereunder, as amended from time to time.

All the reporting
prescribed under “Foreign Investment in India”, except if specifically stated otherwise, is required to be done through the
Single Master Form, as amended from time to time, available on the Foreign Investment Reporting and Management System platform of the
Reserve Bank of India. The Reserve Bank of India through its circular dated January 4, 2023, advised that the forms submitted with respect
to reporting of foreign investment in Single Master Form on Firms Portal will be auto-acknowledged and the Authorised Dealer Category-I
banks shall verify the same within five working days based on the uploaded documents, as specified. Further, in case of forms filed with
delayed reporting of less than or equal to three years, the Authorised Dealer Category-I banks will approve the same, subject to payment
of late submission fee. For delayed reporting greater than three years, the Authorised Dealer Category-I bank will approve the forms
subject to compounding of contravention. Under the erstwhile provisions, in case of delayed reporting, the case was supposed to be referred
to Reserve Bank of India, whereas basis the recent amendment, powers have been given to Authorised Dealer to approve delayed reporting
subject to payment of late submission fees/compounding, as the case may be.

Currently, an Indian
entity or an investment vehicle making a downstream investment in another Indian entity which is considered as indirect foreign investment
for the investee Indian entity in terms of Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instrument) Rules, 2019, shall notify the Secretariat
for Industrial Assistance, DPIIT, about such investment (including modality of investment in new/existing ventures) within 30 days of
such investment, even if equity instruments have not been allotted. Such entity or investment vehicle shall also file Form DI with the
Reserve Bank of India within 30 days from the date of allotment of equity instruments.

Issue of ADSs

Indian companies
are permitted to raise foreign currency resources through the issuance of shares represented by ADSs to foreign investors under the Depository
Receipts Scheme, 2014, as amended from time to time. Such issuance is subject to sectoral cap, entry route, minimum capitalization norms,
pricing norms, among other things, as applicable as per the rules and regulations established by the Government of India and/or Reserve
Bank of India from time to time in this regard.

An Indian company
issuing ADSs must comply with certain reporting requirements specified by the Reserve Bank of India. An Indian company may issue ADSs
if it is eligible to issue shares to persons resident outside India under the foreign direct investment scheme, and shall not exceed
the limit on foreign holding of such eligible securities under the extant Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules made thereunder,
as amended from time to time. Similarly, an Indian company which is not eligible to raise funds from the Indian capital markets, including
a company which has been restricted from accessing the securities market by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, will not be eligible
to issue ADSs. As per the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, if the issue or purchase of permissible securities underlying the depository
receipts does not require approval under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, no Government of India approval will be required
for issuance, purchase or holding of such depository receipts. Overseas corporate bodies as defined under applicable rules, which are
not eligible to invest in India and entities prohibited to buy, sell or deal in securities by the Securities and Exchange Board of India
are not eligible to subscribe to ADSs issued by Indian companies.

248

Table of Contents

For transfer of
ADSs, investors may need to seek specific approval from Government of India on a case-by-case basis. However, Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if any investor were to withdraw its equity shares from the ADS program, its investment would be subject to the general restrictions
on foreign ownership noted above and may be subject to the portfolio investment restrictions. Secondary purchases of securities of a
banking company in India by foreign direct investors or investments by non-resident Indians, and foreign portfolio investors above the
ownership levels set forth above require the Indian government’s approval on a case-by-case basis. It is unclear whether similar
case-by-case approvals of ownership of equity shares withdrawn from the depositary facility by non-resident Indians, overseas corporate
bodies and foreign portfolio investors would be required.

Furthermore, if
an investor withdraws equity shares from the ADS program and its direct or indirect holding in a private Indian bank is equal to or exceeds
25.0% of its total equity, or when such holding is or exceeds 25.0% of the total equity and thereafter such investor acquires additional
5.0% equity within any financial year, such investor may be required to make a public offer for acquiring shares of the remaining shareholders
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations 2011, as amended from
time to time. For more details on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines relating to acquisition by purchase or otherwise of shares of
a private bank, see “
Supervision and Regulation—Ownership Restrictions
”.

Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014

An eligible person
may now, issue or transfer eligible securities to a foreign depository for the purpose of issuance of depository receipts in terms of
Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, as amended from time to time. However, depository receipts issued under the Issue of Foreign Currency
Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 shall be deemed to have been issued under the
corresponding provisions of the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014.

249

Table of Contents

Dividends

Under Indian law,
a company pays dividends upon a recommendation by its Board of Directors and approval by a majority of the shareholders at the annual
general meeting of shareholders held within six months from the end of each fiscal year. The shareholders have the right to decrease
but not increase the dividend amount recommended by the Board of Directors. Dividends may be paid out of the company’s profits
for the fiscal year for which the dividend is declared or out of undistributed profits of prior fiscal years, after excluding amount
representing unrealized gains, notional gains or revaluation of assets and any change in carrying amount of an asset or of a liability
on measurement of the asset or the liability at fair value. Dividends can also be paid by a company in the interim period, termed “interim
dividend” which does not require the approval of the shareholders unless it is combined with the final dividend being recommended
by the Board of Directors. The Reserve Bank of India has stipulated that banks may declare and pay dividend out of the profits from the
relevant accounting period, without prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India if they satisfy the minimum prudential requirements and
subject to the prudential cap on dividend payout ratio prescribed in the guidelines issued in this regard by the Reserve Bank of India.
See also “
Supervision and Regulation—Restrictions on Payment of Dividends
”. Equity shares issued by us are pari
passu in all respects including dividend entitlement.

We have paid dividends
consistently every year from fiscal 1996, the second year of our operations, other than for fiscal 2020, as the Board of Directors did
not recommend any dividend in view of the Reserve Bank of India circular ‘Declaration of dividends by banks (Revised)’ dated
April 17, 2020, directing banks not to make any dividend payouts from the profits pertaining to fiscal 2020, with the intent that banks
conserve capital to retain their capacity to support the economy and absorb losses in an environment of heightened uncertainty caused
by COVID-19.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the dividend per equity share and the total amount of dividends paid out on the equity shares
during the fiscal year by ICICI Bank, each exclusive of dividend tax. This may be different from the dividend declared for the year.

Dividend per equity share   Total amount of dividends paid
(in Rs.)   (Rs. in billion)
Dividend paid during the fiscal year
2020   1.00   6.4
2021   Nil   Nil
2022   2.00   13.9
2023   5.00   34.8
2024   8.00   56.0

From fiscal 2021,
dividend income is taxable in the hands of shareholders and companies are not liable to pay dividend distribution tax on distributed
profits.

For fiscal 2024,
the Board of Directors has proposed a dividend, of Rs. 10.00 per equity share, which will be paid during fiscal 2025 after approval by
the shareholders in the forthcoming annual general meeting.

Future dividends
will depend upon our revenues, cash flow, financial condition, the regulations of the Reserve Bank of India and other factors. Owners
of ADSs will be entitled to receive dividends payable in respect of the equity shares represented by such ADSs. The equity shares represented
by ADSs rank pari passu with existing equity shares. At present, we have equity shares issued in India and equity shares represented
by ADSs.

250

Table of Contents

Taxation

Indian Tax

The following discussion
of material Indian tax consequences to investors in ADSs and equity shares who are not resident in India, regardless of whether such
investors are of Indian origin or not (each, a “non-resident investor”), is based on the provisions of the Indian Income-tax
Act, 1961 (the Income Tax Act), including the special tax regime for ADSs contained in section 115AC of the Income Tax Act, which has
been extended to cover additional ADSs that an investor may acquire in a merger or restructuring of the company, and certain regulations
implementing the section 115AC regime. The Income-tax Act is amended every year by the Finance Act of the relevant year. Some or all
of the tax consequences described herein may be amended or modified by future amendments to the Income-tax Act. This summary is not intended
to constitute a complete analysis of the tax consequences under Indian law of the acquisition, ownership and sale of ADSs and equity
shares by non-resident investors. Holders should, therefore, consult their own tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of such acquisition,
ownership and sale, including the tax consequences under Indian law, the law of the jurisdiction of their residence, any tax treaty between
India and their country of residence, and in particular the application of the regulations implementing the section 115AC regime.

Residence

For the purposes
of the Income-tax Act, an individual is a resident of India during any fiscal year if such individual:

(a)   is in India in that year for
182 days or more or

(b)   is in India for a period or
periods aggregating 365 days or more during the four years preceding that fiscal year and periods aggregating 60 days or more in that
fiscal year.

The period of 60
days is replaced with 182 days (where an individual is having income in India other than foreign source less than Rs. 1.5 million)/replaced
with 120 days (where an individual is having income in India other than foreign source more than Rs. 1.5 million) in the case of an Indian
citizen or person of Indian origin who, being resident outside India, comes on a visit to India during the fiscal year.

The period of 60
days is replaced with 182 days in the case of:

·   an
                                            Indian citizen who leaves India for purposes of employment or

·   as
                                            a member of the crew of an Indian ship during the fiscal year.

A company is resident
in India in any fiscal year if it is an Indian company or its place of effective management in that year is in India. A firm or other
association of persons is resident in India except where the control and the management of its affairs are situated wholly outside India.

Taxation of Distributions

As per provision
of the income tax laws, dividend received in respect of ADS will be taxable at the rate of 10% and payer of the dividend would be required
to deduct tax at the rate of 10%.

Taxation on Exchange
of ADSs

The receipt of
equity shares upon the surrender of ADSs by a non-resident investor would not give rise to a taxable event for Indian tax purposes.

251

Table of Contents

Taxation on Sale
of ADSs or Equity Shares

Any transfer of
ADSs outside India by a non-resident investor to another non-resident investor will not give rise to Indian capital gains tax in the
hands of the transferor. Gains on the transfer of ADSs by Foreign Institutional Investors to an Indian resident will be subject to capital
gains tax.

Subject to any
relief under any relevant double taxation treaty, gain arising from the sale of an equity share will generally give rise to liability
for Indian income tax in the hands of the transferor and tax will be required to be withheld at source. Gains will either be taxable
as capital gains or as business income, depending upon the nature of holding. Where the equity share has been held for more than 12 months
(measured from the date on which the request for redemption of the ADS was made), the resulting long-term capital gains will be taxable
as per the provision of the Income Tax Act, at the rate of 10% (plus the applicable surcharge and education cess) under the provision
of the Income Tax Act, if the total long-term capital gain exceeds Rs. 0.1 million and the shares are traded on a recognized stock exchange
and the securities transaction tax, described below, is paid on such sale and purchase. For computing capital gains relating to the acquisition
made before February 1, 2018, the cost of acquisition shall be higher of actual cost of acquisition or lower of price of equity shares
quoted on stock exchange on January 31, 2018 (if no trading then immediately preceding day) or sale price. Further, an additional requirement
for payment of securities transaction tax on conversion of ADSs to equity shares has been relaxed subject to certain conditions. If the
equity share has been held for 12 months or less, the resulting short-term capital gains will be taxable at a tax rate of 15% (plus the
applicable surcharge and education cess). This rate of tax is applicable provided the gains are treated as capital gains and provided
the shares are sold on recognized Indian stock exchanges and are subject to securities transaction tax. In other cases, the rate of tax
applicable under the provisions of the Income-tax Act varies, subject to a maximum rate of 40% (plus the applicable surcharge and education
cess). The actual rate depends on a number of factors, including without limitation the nature of the non-resident investor.

The above rate
may be reduced under the provisions of the double taxation treaty entered into by the Government of India with the country of residence
of the non-resident investors. The double taxation treaty between the United States and India (the “Treaty”) does not provide
U.S. residents with any relief from Indian tax on capital gains i.e. it will be taxable as per the local laws of India.

Tax on
long-term and short-term capital gains, if payable, as discussed above, upon a sale of equity shares,

(a)   To
                                            be deducted at source by the person responsible for paying the non-resident, in accordance
                                            with the relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act. As per the provisions of the Income Tax
                                            Act, any income by way of capital gains payable to non-residents may be subject to withholding
                                            of tax at the rate under the Income Tax Act or the double taxation treaty, whichever is more
                                            beneficial to the assessee, unless a lower withholding tax certificate is obtained from the
                                            tax authorities.

(b)   To
                                            get the benefit of the applicable double taxation treaty, the non-resident investor must
                                            furnish a certificate of his or her residence in a country outside India and such other documents
                                            as may be prescribed under the Act such as valid Permanent Account Number issued by the Indian
                                            Income Tax authorities or tax identification number issued by the Income Tax authorities
                                            country of tax residence along with certain other details such as name, e-mail ID, contact
                                            number, address etc.

252

Table of Contents

Where Permanent
Account Number is submitted, it should be linked to Aadhaar (applicable in case of individuals if Aadhaar is obtained in India) and investor
should have filed his income tax returns in India in past one year, otherwise tax will be deducted at the higher rate which may go upto
20% or more.

(c)   The
                                            non-resident will be entitled to a certificate evidencing such tax deduction in accordance
                                            with the provisions of the Income Tax Act.

(d)   However,
                                            as per provisions of the Income Tax Act, no deduction of tax shall be made from capital gain
                                            arising from transfer of securities, payable to a Foreign Institutional Investor.

For purposes of
determining the amount of capital gains arising on a sale of an equity share for Indian tax purposes, the cost of acquisition of an equity
share received upon the surrender of an ADS will be the price of the share prevailing on the BSE Limited or the National Stock Exchange
of India Limited on the date a request for such redemption was made. The holding period of an equity share received upon the surrender
of an ADS will commence on the date on which request for such redemption of the ADS was made.

A sale/purchase
of equity shares entered into on a recognized stock exchange in India, whether settled by actual delivery or transfer, will be subject
to the securities transaction tax in the hands of purchaser and seller at the rate of 0.1% on the value of the transaction at the time
of sale. However, when settlement is done other than by actual delivery or transfer, it will be subject to the securities transaction
tax in the hands of seller at the rate of 0.025% on the value of the transaction at the time of sale.

Rights

Distributions to
non-resident investors of additional ADSs or equity shares or rights to subscribe for equity shares made with respect to ADSs or equity
shares are not subject to Indian income tax in the hands of the non-resident investor.

In case of capital
gains derived from the extinguishment of rights outside India by a non-resident investor that is not entitled to exemption under a tax
treaty, to another non-resident investor, the sale may be deemed by the Indian tax authorities to be situated within India (as our situs
is in India), in which case, any gains realized on the sale of the rights will be subject to Indian capital gains taxation, in the manner
discussed above under
“—Taxation on Sale of ADSs or Equity Shares”
.

Bonus

The holding period
in case of bonus shares will commence from the date of allotment of such bonus shares. The cost of acquisition of bonus shares acquired
before January 31, 2018 will be the fair market value of the bonus shares as on January 31, 2018 but shall not exceed the sales price.
The cost of acquisition of bonus shares acquired after January 31, 2018 will be considered as nil.

General Anti Avoidance
Rule

The provisions
for General Anti Avoidance of Tax are effective from April 1, 2017. The powers to invoke provisions under General Anti Avoidance of Tax
are bestowed upon the Indian Income Tax Authorities if they allege that the primary motive of a particular transaction or arrangement
is to obtain a tax advantage. If provisions under General Anti Avoidance of Tax are invoked by tax authorities, then a tax benefit or
benefit under the tax treaty may be denied.

253

Table of Contents

Stamp Duty

Pursuant to an
amendment to the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 effective July 1, 2020, stamp duty is payable on any issue/ transfer of equity shares in non-physical
form. Our equity shares are compulsorily delivered in non-physical form.

Upon the issuance
of the equity shares underlying ADSs, we, are required to pay a stamp duty of 0.005% of the total market value of the equity shares issued.
A transfer of ADSs is not subject to stamp duty under Indian law. However, transfer of equity shares (on delivery basis) by a non-resident
investor is subject to stamp duty at the rate of 0.015% of the market value of the equity shares on the trade date. Such stamp duty is
payable, (i) by the buyer in case the transfer of equity shares is through a stock exchange and (ii) by the seller in case the transfer
of equity shares is other than through a stock exchange or is through a depository or is other than through a depository.

Other Taxes

At present, there
are no taxes on wealth, gifts or inheritance which apply to the ADSs or underlying equity shares.

Goods and Services
Tax

Goods
and Services Tax is a single comprehensive tax levied on the manufacture, sale and consumption of goods and services at a national level.
It is applicable from July 1, 2017 on all transactions of goods and services on which various indirect taxes levied by the Centre and
States is submersed except goods and services outside the purview of Goods and Services Tax and transactions below the threshold limit.
Brokerage fees paid to stockbrokers in connection with the sale or purchase of shares which are listed on any recognized stock exchange
in India are subject to Goods and Services Tax at a rate of 18%. The stockbroker is responsible for collecting the Goods and Services
Tax and paying it to the relevant authority. Sale of the securities including ADS and equity shares is outside the purview of Goods and
Services Tax.

United States Federal Income Tax

The following is
a description of material U.S. federal income tax consequences to the U.S. Holders described below of owning and disposing of ADSs or
equity shares, but it does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant to your decision
to own ADSs or equity shares. This discussion applies to you only if you are a U.S. Holder that owns ADSs or equity shares as capital
assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

This discussion
does not discuss all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, including alternative
minimum tax consequences, tax consequences of the “Medicare contribution tax” on “net investment income” and
tax consequences that may be applicable to you if you are a person subject to special rules, such as:

·   an
                                            insurance company;

·   a
                                            tax-exempt entity;

·   a
                                            dealer or trader in securities who uses a mark-to-market method of tax accounting;

·   one
                                            of certain financial institutions;

·   a
                                            person who owns ADSs or equity shares as part of an integrated investment (including a straddle
                                            or conversion transaction);

·   a
                                            person whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;

254

Table of Contents

·   a
                                            person who acquired or received ADSs or equity shares pursuant to the exercise of any employee
                                            stock option or otherwise as compensation;

·   a
                                            person holding ADSs or equity shares in connection with a trade or business conducted outside
                                            of the United States;

·   a
                                            person who owns, directly, indirectly or constructively, 10.0% or more of our stock, by vote
                                            or value; or

·   a
                                            partnership or other entity or arrangement classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income
                                            tax purposes.

If an entity or
arrangement that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes owns ADSs or equity shares, the U.S. federal income
tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships owning
ADSs or equity shares and partners in such partnerships should consult their tax advisers as to the particular U.S. federal income tax
consequences of owning and disposing of ADSs or equity shares.

This discussion
is based on the tax laws of the United States including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the “Code”), proposed
and final Treasury regulations, revenue rulings, judicial decisions and the income tax treaty between the United States and India, or
the “Treaty”, all as of the date hereof, which may change, possibly with retroactive effect.

You are a “U.S.
Holder” if, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, you are a beneficial owner of ADSs or equity shares and:

·   a
                                            citizen or individual resident of the United States;

·   a
                                            corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized under the laws
                                            of the United States, any state therein or the District of Columbia; or

·   an
                                            estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless
                                            of its source.

In general, if
you own ADSs you will be treated as the owner of the underlying equity shares represented by those ADSs for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Accordingly, you will not recognize gain or loss upon an exchange of ADSs for the underlying equity shares represented by those ADSs.

Please consult
your tax adviser with regard to the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to ADSs or equity shares in your particular circumstances,
including the passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) rules described below, as well as any tax consequences arising
under the laws of any state, local or other taxing jurisdiction.

Taxation of Dividends

Distributions you
receive on ADSs or equity shares, other than certain pro rata distributions of equity shares or rights to acquire equity shares to all
holders of equity shares (including holders of ADSs), will generally constitute foreign-source dividend income for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Subject to the PFIC rules described below, the amount of the dividend you will be required to include in income will be
based on the U.S. dollar value of the rupees received, calculated by reference to the exchange rate in effect on the date the payment
is received by the depositary (in the case of ADSs) or by you (in the case of equity shares) regardless of whether the payment is converted
into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt. If the dividend is converted into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt, you should not be required
to recognize foreign currency gain or loss in respect of the dividend income. You may have foreign currency gain or loss if the dividend
is converted into U.S. dollars after the date of receipt. If you realize gain or loss on a sale or other disposition of rupees, it will
constitute U.S. source ordinary income or loss. The amount of the dividend will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction
generally available to U.S. corporations under the Code. Subject to applicable limitations and the PFIC discussion below, if you are
a non-corporate U.S. Holder, dividends paid to you may be taxable at the favorable rates applicable to long-term capital gains. If you
are a non-corporate U.S. Holder, you should consult your tax adviser to determine whether you are subject to any special rules that limit
your ability to be taxed at these favorable rates.

255

Table of Contents

Dividend income
will include any amounts withheld in respect of Indian taxes and will be treated as non-U.S. source income. Indian income taxes withheld
from cash dividends on the ADSs or equity shares generally will be creditable against a U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability,
subject to applicable limitations that vary depending upon your circumstances. The rules governing foreign tax credits are complex. For
example, Treasury regulations provide that, in the absence of an election to apply the benefits of an applicable income tax treaty, in
order for non-U.S. income taxes to be creditable the relevant non-U.S. income tax rules must be consistent with certain U.S. federal
income tax principles, and we have not determined whether the Indian income tax system meets these requirements. The U.S. Internal Revenue
Service has released notices that provide relief from certain of the provisions of the Treasury regulations described above for taxable
years ending before the date that a notice or other guidance withdrawing or modifying the temporary relief is issued (or any later date
specified in such notice or other guidance). In lieu of claiming a non-U.S. tax credit, U.S. Holders may elect to deduct non-U.S. taxes
(including Indian taxes) in computing their taxable income, subject to applicable limitations. An election to deduct creditable non-U.S.
taxes instead of claiming foreign tax credits applies to all such non-U.S. taxes paid or accrued in the taxable year. U.S. Holders should
consult their tax advisers regarding the creditability or deductibility of Indian taxes in their particular circumstances.

Taxation of Capital
Gains

You will recognize
gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes on the sale or exchange of ADSs or equity shares. The gain or loss will generally be
U.S. source capital gain or loss, and subject to the PFIC rules discussed below will be long-term capital gain or loss if you have owned
such ADSs or equity shares for more than one year. You should consult your tax adviser about the treatment of capital gains, which may
be taxed at lower rates than ordinary income for non-corporate taxpayers, and capital losses, the deductibility of which may be limited.
The amount of the gain or loss will equal the difference between your tax basis in the ADSs or equity shares disposed of and the amount
realized on the disposition, in each case as determined in U.S. dollars.

Under certain circumstances
as described under “ --
Indian Tax
 --
Taxation on sale of ADSs or Equity Shares
,” you may be subject to Indian
tax upon the disposition of equity shares. Under the Code, any gain or loss on the sale or exchange of ADSs or equity shares will generally
be U.S. source. However, although the application of the Treaty in this respect is subject to uncertainty, it is possible that under
the Treaty your gains from dispositions of equity shares may be treated as foreign source. In that case, you may be able to claim foreign
tax credit in respect of any Indian income tax on this gain if you are eligible for Treaty benefits and elect to apply them. If you are
not eligible for Treaty benefits, or if your gain from a disposition of equity shares is not treated as foreign source gain under the
Treaty, Treasury regulations generally preclude you from claiming foreign tax credit with respect to any Indian income tax on such gain.
However, as noted above the IRS released notices that provide relief from certain of the provisions of these Treasury regulations (including
the limitation described in the preceding sentence) for taxable years ending before the date that a notice or other guidance withdrawing
or modifying the temporary relief is issued (or any later date specified in such notice or other guidance). Even if the Treasury regulations
do not preclude you from claiming foreign tax credit with respect to any Indian income tax on any gain from dispositions of equity shares,
other limitations may limit your ability to claim a foreign tax credit with respect to such tax. It is possible that any Indian tax on
disposition gains that is not credited against your U.S. federal income tax liability may either be deductible or reduce the amount realized
on a disposition. If the Indian tax is creditable, an election to deduct it instead of claiming a foreign tax credit with respect thereto
applies to all non-U.S. taxes paid or accrued in the taxable year. The rules governing foreign tax credits and deductibility of foreign
taxes are complex. You should consult your tax adviser with respect to your ability to credit any Indian income taxes on dispositions
against your U.S. federal income tax liability, including the uncertainty as to whether Indian taxes on dispositions are generally creditable
under the Treaty, the requirement to report Treaty-based return positions and the creditability or deductibility of the Indian tax on
disposition gains in your particular circumstances (including any applicable limitations).

256

Table of Contents

Any Indian stamp
duty paid or securities transaction tax on the purchase or sale of equity shares will not be creditable against your U.S. federal income
tax liability. However, stamp duty or securities transaction tax may increase your tax basis in the equity shares if you are a buyer
of the shares, or reduce the amount of gain (or increase the amount of loss) you recognize on the sale or other disposition of the shares.

Passive Foreign
Investment Company Rules

In general, a foreign
corporation is a PFIC for any taxable year in which (i) 75.0% or more of its gross income consists of passive income (such as dividends,
interest, rents, royalties and investment gains) or (ii) 50.0% or more of the average value of its assets (generally determined on a
quarterly basis) consists of assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. There are certain exceptions for
active business income, including exceptions for certain income earned by foreign active banks and insurance companies. Based upon certain
proposed Treasury regulations (the “Active Banks Proposed Regulations”), which were proposed to be effective for taxable
years beginning after December 31, 1994, and under current guidance can be relied upon, we do not believe we were a PFIC for our taxable
year that ended March 31, 2023. Because there can be no assurance that the Active Banks Proposed Regulations will be finalized in their
current form (and the manner of their application is not entirely clear), because the rules applicable to active insurance companies
are subject to change (including under certain proposed Treasury regulations), and because the composition of our income and assets will
vary over time and our PFIC status for any taxable year will depend, in large part, on the extent to which our income and assets will
be considered active under the exceptions for active banks or insurance companies, there can be no assurance that we will not be a PFIC
for any taxable year.

If we were a PFIC
for any taxable year during which you owned ADSs or equity shares, you may be subject to adverse tax consequences. Generally, gain recognized
upon a disposition (including, under certain circumstances, a pledge) of ADSs or equity shares by you would be allocated ratably over
your holding period for such ADSs or equity shares. The amounts allocated to the taxable year of disposition and to years before we became
a PFIC would be taxed as ordinary income. The amount allocated to each other taxable year would be subject to tax at the highest rate
in effect for that taxable year for individuals or corporations, as appropriate, and an interest charge would be imposed on the tax attributable
to the allocated amounts. Further, to the extent that distributions received by you on your ADSs or equity shares during a taxable year
exceed 125% of the average of the annual distributions on such ADSs or equity shares received during the preceding three taxable years
or your holding period, whichever is shorter, the excess distributions would be subject to taxation in the same manner as gain, as described
above in this paragraph.

If we were a PFIC
for any year during which you owned ADSs or equity shares, we generally would continue to be treated as a PFIC with respect to such ADSs
or equity shares for all succeeding years during which you owned the ADSs or equity shares, even if we ceased to meet the threshold requirements
for PFIC status.

Alternatively,
if we were a PFIC and if ADSs or equity shares were “regularly traded” on a “qualified exchange,” you could make
a mark-to-market election that would result in tax treatment different from the general tax treatment for PFICs described above. ADSs
or equity shares would be treated as “regularly traded” in any calendar year in which more than a de minimis quantity of
ADSs or equity shares, as the case may be, were traded on a qualified exchange on at least 15 days during each calendar quarter. The
New York Stock Exchange, on which our ADSs are listed, is a qualified exchange for this purpose. A foreign exchange is a “qualified
exchange” if it is regulated by a governmental authority in the jurisdiction in which the exchange is located and with respect
to which certain other requirements are met.

257

Table of Contents

If you make the
mark-to-market election (assuming the election is available), you generally will recognize as ordinary income any excess of the fair
market value of ADSs or equity shares at the end of each taxable year over their adjusted tax basis, and will recognize an ordinary loss
in respect of any excess of the adjusted tax basis of ADSs or equity shares over their fair market value at the end of the taxable year
(but only to the extent of the net amount of income previously included as a result of the mark-to-market election). If you make the
election, your tax basis in ADSs or equity shares will be adjusted to reflect these income or loss amounts. Any gain recognized on the
sale or other disposition of ADSs or equity shares in a year when we are a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income and any loss will
be treated as ordinary loss (but only to the extent of the net amount of income previously included as a result of the mark-to-market
election) and any excess loss will be a capital loss.

In addition, if
we were a PFIC or, with respect to you, were treated as a PFIC for the taxable year in which we paid a dividend or for the prior taxable
year, the favorable tax rates with respect to dividends paid to certain non-corporate U.S. Holders, described above under “—
United
States Federal Income Tax
 —
Taxation of Dividends”,
 would not apply.

If we are a PFIC
for any taxable year during which you owned our ADSs or equity shares, you will generally be required to file IRS Form 8621 with your
annual U.S. federal income tax returns, subject to certain exceptions.

You should consult
your tax adviser regarding whether we are or were a PFIC and the potential application of the PFIC rules.

Information Reporting
and Backup Withholding

Payments of dividends
and sales proceeds that are made within the United States or through certain U.S.-related financial intermediaries generally are subject
to information reporting and to backup withholding, unless (i) you are an exempt recipient or (ii) in the case of backup withholding,
you provide a correct taxpayer identification number and certify that no loss of exemption from backup withholding has occurred. The
amount of any backup withholding from a payment to you will be allowed as a credit against your U.S. federal income tax liability and
may entitle you to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.

258

Table of Contents

Presentation
of Financial Information

Pursuant to the
issuance and listing of our securities in the United States under registration statements filed with the United States Securities Exchange
Commission, we file annual reports on Form 20-F, which must include financial statements prepared under generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP) or financial statements prepared according to a comprehensive body of accounting principles
with a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP. When we first listed our securities in the United States,
Indian GAAP was not considered a comprehensive body of accounting principles under the United States securities laws and regulations.
However, pursuant to a significant expansion of Indian accounting standards, Indian GAAP constitutes a comprehensive body of accounting
principles and since fiscal 2006, we have included in the annual report consolidated financial statements prepared according to Indian
GAAP, which varies in certain respects from U.S. GAAP. For a reconciliation of net income and stockholders’ equity to U.S. GAAP,
a description of significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP and certain additional information required under U.S. GAAP,
see notes 21 and 22 to our consolidated financial statements herein.

The data for fiscal
2022 through fiscal 2024 have been derived from our consolidated financial statements. The accounting and reporting policies used in
the preparation of our financial statements reflect general industry practices and conform with Indian GAAP including the Accounting
Standards (AS) issued by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities
and Exchange Board of India and the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority as applicable to relevant companies. In the case of
foreign subsidiaries, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles as applicable to the respective subsidiaries are followed.

Certain subsidiaries
of the Bank, namely ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company
Limited and ICICI Home Finance Limited have adopted Ind AS, revised set of accounting standards issued by The Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India (which largely converges the Indian accounting standards with International Financial Reporting Standards). However,
for preparation of consolidated financial statements of the Bank, financial statements continued to be as per current Indian GAAP of
these entities have been considered. All the numbers reported/considered in this document for these subsidiaries are based on current
Indian GAAP.

The consolidated
financial statements for fiscal 2022 through fiscal 2024 were audited by joint auditors MSKA & Associates, Chartered Accountants
and KKC & Associates LLP (formerly known as Khimji Kunverji & Co LLP), Chartered Accountants under auditing standards issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2022 through fiscal 2024 have also
been audited by KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP (formerly known as KPMG), an independent registered public accounting firm
in India, in accordance with the auditing standards of the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. Our published Indian
GAAP consolidated financial statements and disclosures relating to U.S. GAAP net income reconciliation and stockholders’ equity
reconciliation as required by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable GAAP, audited by KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services
LLP (formerly known as KPMG), are set forth at the end of this annual report.

Under U.S. GAAP,
the consolidation of ICICI’s majority ownership interest in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, is accounted for by
the equity method, because of substantive participative rights retained by the minority shareholders. Under Indian GAAP, ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited is consolidated on a line-by-line basis.

259

Table of Contents

During fiscal 2024,
the Board of Directors of the Bank approved the increase of the shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited (ICICI
General) in multiple tranches up to 4.0%, making ICICI General a subsidiary of the Bank. Following the receipt of the necessary regulatory
approval(s), the Bank through stock exchange mechanism acquired an additional stake in ICICI General in multiple tranches, resulting
in an increase in shareholding of more than 50.0%. Consequently, ICICI General ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the
Bank effective February 29, 2024 in consolidated financial statements under Indian GAAP as well as under U.S. GAAP.

During fiscal 2023,
the Board of Directors of the Bank approved making I-Process Services (India) Private Limited (I-Process) a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Bank. Following the receipt of the necessary regulatory approval(s), the Bank entered into a share purchase agreement in relation
to an investment in the equity shares of I-Process through off-market transactions. Consequently, I-Process ceased to be an associate
and became a subsidiary of the Bank effective March 20, 2024 and subsequently became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank effective
March 22, 2024 in consolidated financial statements under Indian GAAP as well as under U.S. GAAP.

Although we have
translated in this annual report certain rupee amounts into dollars for convenience, this does not mean that the rupee amounts referred
to could have been, or could be, converted into dollars at any particular rate, the rates stated earlier in this annual report, or at
all. Except in the section on “Market Price Information”, all translations from rupees to U.S. dollars are based on the exchange
rate as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board on March 29, 2024.

260

Table of Contents

Additional
Information

Memorandum and Articles of Association

Objects and Purposes

Pursuant to Clause
III.A.1 of ICICI Bank’s Memorandum of Association, ICICI Bank’s main objective is to, among other things, carry on the business
of banking in any part of India or outside India.

Provisions Relating
to Directors

Certain provisions
of our Articles of Association relating to directors are set forth as follows:

·   Article
                                            128 of the Articles of Association provides that no director shall be required to hold any
                                            qualification shares of the Company.

·   Article
                                            135 of the Articles of Association provides that no director of ICICI Bank shall, as a director,
                                            take any part in the discussion of or vote on any contract or arrangement if such director
                                            is directly or indirectly concerned or interested in such contract or arrangement.

·   Article
                                            137 of the Articles of Association provides that at every Annual General Meeting of the Company,
                                            one third of such directors for the time being as are liable to retire by rotation or if
                                            their number is neither three nor a multiple of three, then the number nearest to one-third,
                                            shall retire from office. The Debenture Directors, the Government Directors and the other
                                            Non-Rotational Directors shall not be subject to retirement under the Articles of Association.

·   Article
                                            138 of the Articles of Association provides that the directors to retire by rotation at every
                                            Annual General Meeting shall be those who have been longest in office since their last appointment,
                                            but as between persons who became Directors on the same day, those who are to retire shall
                                            (unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined by lot. There is no provision
                                            under the Articles of Association requiring the mandatory retirement of directors at a specified
                                            age. Pursuant to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a person is eligible for appointment
                                            as non-executive director, if he or she is between 35 and 75 years of age. After attaining
                                            the age of 75 years, no person can continue in this position. Further, pursuant to the Reserve
                                            Bank of India guidelines, no person can continue as Managing Director and Chief Executive
                                            Officer or wholetime director beyond the age of 70 years. Within the overall limit of 70
                                            years, individual Bank's Boards are free to prescribe a lower retirement age for the wholetime
                                            directors, including the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer.

·   Directors
                                            have no powers to vote in absence of a quorum.

·   Article
                                            79 of the Articles of Association provides that the directors may by a resolution passed
                                            at a meeting of the Board of Directors, borrow moneys and raise and secure the payment of
                                            amounts in a manner and upon such terms and conditions in all respects as they think fit
                                            and in particular by the issue of bonds, redeemable debentures or debenture stock, or any
                                            mortgage or charge or other security on the undertaking or the whole or any part of the property
                                            of ICICI Bank (both present and future) including our uncalled capital.

261

Table of Contents

Amendment to
Rights of Holders of Equity Shares

Any change to the
existing rights of the equity holders can be made only by amending the Articles of Association which would require a special resolution
of the shareholders, passed by not less than three times the number of votes cast against the resolution.

General Meetings
of Shareholders

We are required
to convene our annual general meeting within a period of five months from the date of closing of the financial year. The Board may convene
an extraordinary general meeting when necessary or at the request of a shareholder or shareholders holding at least 10% of our paid up
capital carrying voting rights. A general meeting of a company may be called by giving not less than clear 21
days notice in the manner prescribed under the applicable laws/regulations.

Change in Control
Provisions

Article 56 of the
Articles of Association provides that the Board of Directors may at its discretion decline to register or acknowledge any transfer of
any securities in respect of securities upon which we have a lien or while any money in respect of the securities desired to be transferred
on any of them remain unpaid. Moreover, the Board of Directors may refuse to register the transfer of any securities if the total nominal
value of any securities intended to be transferred by any person would, together with the total nominal value of any securities held
in ICICI Bank, exceed 1% of the paid-up equity share capital of ICICI Bank or if the Board of Directors is satisfied that as a result
of such transfer, it would result in the change in the Board of Directors or change in the controlling interest of ICICI Bank and that
such change would be prejudicial to the interests of ICICI Bank. However, under the Indian Companies Act, the enforceability of such
transfer restrictions is unclear.

Documents on Display

The documents concerning
us which are referred to herein may be inspected at the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). You may read and copy
any document filed or furnished by us at the SEC’s public reference rooms in Washington D.C., New York and Chicago, Illinois or
obtain them by mail upon payment of prescribed rates. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information. The SEC also maintains
a website at www.sec.gov, which contains, in electronic form, each of the reports and other information that we have filed electronically
with the SEC. Information about ICICI Bank is also available on the web at www.icicibank.com.

Annual Report to
Security Holders

We intend to submit
annual report provided to security holders in electronic format as an exhibit to a current report on Form 6-K.

262

Table of Contents

Exhibit
Index

Exhibit
No.   Description
of Document
1.1   ICICI Bank Memorandum of Association, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2020 filed on July 31, 2020).
1.2   ICICI Bank Articles of Association, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2020 filed on July 31, 2020).
2.1   Deposit Agreement among ICICI Bank, Deutsche Bank and the holders from time to time of American
    Depositary Receipts issued thereunder (including as an exhibit, the form of American Depositary Receipt) (incorporated herein by
    reference to ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-30132)*).
2.2   Letter Agreements dated February 19, 2002 and April 1, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2002 filed on September 30, 2002) , Letter Agreement dated March 8, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to ICICI Bank’s Registration Statement on Form F-3 (File No. 333-121664)) and Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2012 filed on July 31, 2012) amending and supplementing the Deposit Agreement.
2.3   Letter Agreement dated June 2, 2016, supplementing the Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2016 filed on August 1, 2016).
2.4   Letter Agreement dated October 31, 2017, amending and supplementing the Letter Agreement dated November 4, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2018 filed on July 31, 2018).
2.5   Amendment No.1 to the Deposit Agreement originally dated March 31, 2020 and as amended and supplemented from time to time (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit a(ii) to ICICI Bank's Registration Statement on Form F-6 filed on July 1, 2024).
2.6   ICICI Bank’s Share Certificate Specimen.
2.7   Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
4.1   ICICI Bank Employees Stock Option Scheme - 2000, as amended (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to ICICI Bank’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2019 filed on July 31, 2019).
4.2   ICICI Bank Employees Stock Unit Scheme – 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to ICICI Bank's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2023 filed on July 28, 2023).
8.1   List of Subsidiaries (included under “Business–Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures” herein).
11.1   Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as amended.
11.2   ICICI Bank Code on Prohibition of Insider Trading.
12.1   Certification of the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
12.2   Certification of the Group Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Section 302 of the
    Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
13.1   Certification of periodic financial report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as mandated by Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
97.1   ICICI Bank Compensation Policy

*Paper filing

263

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

The registrant
hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned
to sign this annual report on our behalf.

For ICICI BANK LIMITED
By:   /s/ Anindya Banerjee
Name:   Mr. Anindya Banerjee
Title:   Group Chief Financial Officer

Place: Mumbai

Date: July 31, 2024

264

Table of Contents

ICICI
Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended March 31, 2023

and March 31, 2024 together

with Auditors’ Report

1

Table of Contents

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

Contents   Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   F-2
Consolidated balance sheet   F-9
Consolidated profit and loss account   F-10
Consolidated cash flow statement   F-11
Schedules to the consolidated financial statements   F-13

2

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors

ICICI Bank Limited:

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of ICICI Bank Limited (the ‘Bank’) and subsidiaries (the Company) as of March 31, 2024 and 2023, the related
consolidated profit and loss accounts and consolidated cash flows statements for each of the years in the three-year period ended March
31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedules 1 to 18B (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March
31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended March 31,
2024, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in India.

Differences from U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles

Accounting principles generally accepted in India
vary in certain significant respects from U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Information relating to the nature and effect
of such differences is presented in Note 21 of Schedule 18B to the consolidated financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion.

F-
2

Table of Contents

Critical Audit Matters

The critical
audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to
the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or
disclosures to which they relate.

Allowance for Credit Losses

As discussed in Note 7 of Schedule 18B to the
consolidated financial statements, the Company’s allowance for credit losses under generally accepted accounting principles in India
(Indian GAAP) was Rs. 222,697.6 million as at 31 March 2024 (the March 31, 2024 Indian GAAP ACL). As discussed in Note 21 of Schedule
18B to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s allowance for credit losses included in the reconciliation of stockholders’
equity from Indian GAAP to U.S. GAAP as of March 31, 2024 was Rs. (13,384.3) million which included allowance for credit losses on loans
evaluated on a collective basis (the March 31, 2024 collective ACL) and allowance for credit losses on loans evaluated on an individual
basis (the March 31, 2024 individual ACL). The March 31, 2024 Indian GAAP ACL, the March 31, 2024 collective ACL and the March 31, 2024
individual ACL are collectively referred to as ‘total ACL’.

The March 31, 2024 collective ACL includes the
measure of expected credit losses on a collective (pooled) basis for those loans that share similar risk characteristics. The Company
estimated the March 31, 2024 collective ACL using a current expected credit losses methodology which is based on relevant information
about historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the loan balances.
The quantitative calculation of expected credit losses is the product of multiplying the Company’s estimates of probability of default
(PD), loss given default (LGD), and individual loan level exposure at default (EAD). For the quantitative calculation, the Company uses
models to develop the PD and LGD, which are derived from internal historical default and loss experience, that incorporate the relevant
macro-economic scenario over reasonable and supportable forecast periods. Further, the probability of default for subsequent periods reverts
to the long run average observed behavior. All such periods are established for each portfolio segment. The Company estimates the EAD
using a model which estimates prepayments over the life of the loans. In order to capture the unique risks of the loan portfolio within
the PD, LGD, and EAD models, the Company segments the portfolio into pools, incorporating certain criteria including, but not limited
to customer type, risk rating and delinquency status for commercial loans and product type, delinquency status, credit scores and months
on book for non-commercial loans. The Company has developed internal models to assign credit risk ratings to borrowers, which are used
for the segmentation of commercial loans. The model output for the collective ACL is adjusted by increasing the probability of default
estimates to take into consideration model imprecision not yet reflected in the calculation. Judgment is applied in making this adjustment,
including taking into account uncertainties associated with the economic conditions, product or portfolio, as well as other relevant internal
and external factors affecting the credit quality of the portfolio.

We identified the assessment of collective ACL
as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor
judgment was involved in the assessment of collective ACL due to significant measurement uncertainty. The assessment as of the March 31,
2024 of collective ACL encompassed the evaluation of the Collective ACL methodology, including the methods and models used to estimate
the PD, LGD, and EAD and their significant assumptions. Such significant assumptions included portfolio segmentation, the relevant macro-economic
scenario, the reasonable and supportable forecast periods, the historical observation period, and credit risk ratings for commercial loans
and prepayment estimates.

F-
3

Table of Contents

Allowance for Credit Losses (continued)

The assessment also included the evaluation of
the qualitative factors and their significant assumptions, including selection of relevant macroeconomic variables and consideration of
uncertainties such as elevated geopolitical risks along with the attendant volatility in oil and commodity prices, continuing high interest
rates for longer periods, weak growth outlook across the world, stagnant job growth in IT and startups and expected uneven distribution
of monsoon. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD, LGD and commercial loan
credit risk rating models.

The following are the primary procedures we performed
to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related
to Company’s measurement of the collective ACL estimates, including controls over the:

-   review of the Collective ACL methodology

-   review of the PD, LGD, commercial loan credit risk rating and EAD models

-   identification and determination of the significant assumptions used in the PD, LGD, commercial loan credit
risk rating and EAD models

-   determination of the key assumptions and inputs used to estimate the quantitative and qualitative calculation
of the Collective ACL, including selection of relevant macroeconomic variables and consideration of uncertainties such as elevated geopolitical
risks along with the attendant volatility in oil and commodity prices, continuing high interest rates for longer periods, weak growth
outlook across the world, stagnant job growth in IT and startups and expected uneven distribution of monsoon

-   validation of the PD, LGD and commercial loan credit risk rating model for the Collective ACL

We evaluated the Company’s development of
the Collective ACL estimates by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used and considered the relevance
and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and
knowledge, who assisted in:

-   evaluating the Collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles

-   evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the development and performance monitoring testing
of the PD, LGD, and EAD models by comparing them to relevant Company

-   specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices

-   assessing the conceptual soundness and performance testing of the PD, LGD, commercial loan credit risk
rating and EAD models by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use

-   evaluating the methodology used to develop and incorporate the relevant macro-economic scenario over the
reasonable and supportable forecast periods and underlying assumptions by comparing it to the Company’s business environment and
relevant industry practices

-   assessing the macro-economic variables through benchmarking to publicly available forecasts, where available

-   evaluating the length of the historical observation period and reasonable and supportable forecast periods
to evaluate the length of each period by comparing them to specific portfolio risk characteristics and trends

-   determining whether the loan portfolio is segmented by similar
risk characteristics by comparing to the Company’s business environment and relevant industry practices

F-
4

Table of Contents

Allowance for Credit Losses (continued)

-   testing the methodology used for estimation of individual credit risk ratings for commercial loans by
performing quantitative validation of credit rating models used to assign the credit risk ratings.

-   evaluating the methodology used for estimating the prepayments within the EAD models over the life of
the loans

-   evaluating the methodology used to develop the qualitative factors, including consideration of uncertainties
such as elevated geopolitical risks with the attendant volatility in oil and commodity prices, high interest rates for longer periods,
weak growth outlook across the world, stagnant job growth in IT and startups and expected uneven distribution of monsoon and the effect
of those factors on the Collective ACL compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with credit trends and identified limitations
of the underlying quantitative calculations

Liabilities in respect to life insurance
policies

As given in the consolidated financial statements,
liabilities for life insurance policies in force is included in the total liabilities for policies in force of Rs. 2,813,183 million.

The liabilities in respect of life insurance policies
in force under Indian GAAP are estimated in accordance with accepted actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, as amended
from time to time, regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) and relevant Guidance Notes/
Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The actuarial liability for non-linked policies, both participating
and non-participating, is calculated by the Company using the gross premium method, that involves assumptions for interest, mortality,
morbidity, expenses and inflation, and in the case of participating policies, future bonuses together with allowance for taxation and
allocation of future profits to shareholders. These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates updated at the date of valuation,
including allowances for possible adverse deviations.

We identified the assessment of liabilities for
life insurance policies in force under Indian GAAP to be a critical audit matter since it involves a high degree of audit effort, including
subjective and complex auditor judgment in evaluating management’s estimate, and use of actuarial professionals with specialized
skill and knowledge to assist in performing procedures and evaluating the estimate of such liabilities. Specifically, there is significant
judgement in determination of assumptions for all policies in force under Indian GAAP. The following are the primary procedures we performed
to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related
to Company’s measurement of liabilities for life insurance policies in force under Indian GAAP, including controls over the valuation
process and underlying data which included assessment and approval of the methods and assumptions adopted over such measurements as well
as appropriate access and change management controls over the actuarial models. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills
and knowledge who assisted in:

-   assessing the methodology for selecting assumptions by comparing the methodology used against industry
standard actuarial practice

-   assessing the methodology for calculating the liabilities by reference to the requirements of the industry
standard actuarial practice and assessing the impact of current year changes in methodology on the calculation of policyholder liabilities

-   evaluating the analysis of the movements in liabilities during the year, including consideration of whether
the movements were in line with the methodology and assumptions adopted

-   evaluating judgments applied by management in setting assumptions, including evaluating the results of
experience studies used as the basis for setting those assumptions

-   independently re-calculating the liabilities for a selection
of individual policies for select products to assess whether the selected model calibration had been appropriately implemented

F-
5

Table of Contents

Liabilities in respect to life insurance
policies (continued)

-   evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology and assumptions used in the Company’s annual premium
deficiency tests and assessed the reasonableness of results

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1999.

/s/ KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP

Mumbai, Maharashtra, India

July 31, 2024

F-
6

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors

ICICI Bank Limited:

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited ICICI Bank Limited (the ‘Bank’)
and subsidiaries’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2024, based on criteria established in
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2024,
based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of March 31,
2024 and 2023, the related consolidated profit and loss accounts and consolidated cash flows statements for each of the years in the three-year
period ended March 31, 2024, and the related notes and financial statement schedules 1 to 18B (collectively, the consolidated financial
statements), and our report dated July 31, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

F-
7

Table of Contents

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ KPMG Assurance and Consulting Services LLP

Mumbai, Maharashtra, India

July 31, 2024

F-
8

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated balance sheet

(Rs. in thousands)

At
Schedule   March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
CAPITAL AND LIABILITIES
Capital   1   14,046,790   13,967,750
Employees stock options outstanding   1A   14,053,180   7,608,859
Reserves and surplus   2   2,533,338,376   2,123,401,284
Minority interest   2A   138,884,162   66,867,526
Deposits   3   14,435,799,524   12,108,321,521
Borrowings   4   2,074,280,008   1,890,618,073
Liabilities on policies in force   2,813,183,300   2,388,673,665
Other liabilities and provisions   5   1,617,044,935   985,446,292
TOTAL CAPITAL AND LIABILITIES   23,640,630,275   19,584,904,970
ASSETS
Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India   6   899,430,231   686,489,413
Balances with banks and money at call and short notice   7   728,258,795   678,075,515
Investments   8   8,271,625,050   6,395,519,671
Advances   9   12,607,762,029   10,838,663,147
Fixed assets   10   132,402,763   109,690,036
Other assets   11   976,409,788   875,453,870
Goodwill on consolidation   24,741,619   1,013,318
TOTAL ASSETS   23,640,630,275   19,584,904,970
Contingent liabilities   12   57,578,163,337   50,359,511,032
Bills for collection   1,007,917,603   864,576,684
Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts   17 & 18

The Schedules referred to above form an integral
part of the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

F-
9

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated profit and loss account

(Rs. in thousands, except per share
data)

Year ended
Schedule   March
31, 2024   March
31, 2023   March
31, 2022
I.     INCOME
Interest earned   13   1,595,159,252   1,210,668,098   954,068,654
Other income   14   765,218,020   651,119,912   621,294,514
TOTAL INCOME   2,360,377,272   1,861,788,010   1,575,363,168
II.   EXPENDITURE
Interest expended   15   741,081,627   505,433,879   411,666,711
Operating expenses   16   977,827,922   824,390,232   731,517,275
Provisions and contingencies (refer note 18.6)   191,400,276   187,333,629   174,340,856
TOTAL EXPENDITURE   1,910,309,825   1,517,157,740   1,317,524,842
III.  PROFIT/(LOSS)
Net profit for the year (before share in profit of associates and minority interest)   450,067,447   344,630,270   257,838,326
Add: Share of profit in associates   10,737,680   9,982,876   7,544,279
Net profit for the year before minority interest   460,805,127   354,613,146   265,382,605
Less: Minority interest   18,241,392   14,246,738   14,281,645
Net profit after minority interest   442,563,735   340,366,408   251,100,960
Profit brought forward   656,386,769   508,988,514   385,155,990
TOTAL PROFIT/(LOSS)   1,098,950,504   849,354,922   636,256,950
IV.   APPROPRIATIONS/TRANSFERS
Transfer to Statutory Reserve   102,221,000   79,742,000   58,349,000
Transfer to Capital Reserve 332,500 878,200 15,742,037   332,500   878,200   15,742,037
Transfer to Capital Redemption Reserve   ..   ..   ..
Transfer to/(from) Investment Reserve Account   ..   ..   ..
Transfer to/(from) Investment Fluctuation Reserve   9,927,900   1,043,810   3,828,798
Transfer to Special Reserve   31,353,000   26,254,000   15,328,500
Transfer to/(from) Revenue and other reserves   872,340   50,255,680   657,420
Dividend paid during the year   55,985,964   34,794,463   13,852,335
Balance carried over to balance sheet   898,257,800   656,386,769   528,498,860
TOTAL   1,098,950,504   849,354,922   636,256,950
Significant accounting policies and notes to accounts   17 & 18
Earnings per share (refer note 18.1)
Basic (Rs.)   63.19   48.86   36.21
Diluted (Rs.)   61.96   47.84   35.44
Face value per share (Rs.)   2.00   2.00   2.00

The Schedules referred to above form an integral
part of the Consolidated Profit and Loss Account.

F-
10

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated cash flow statement

(Rs. in thousands)

Year ended
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
Cash flow from/(used in) operating activities
Profit before taxes   596,839,961   458,300,782   335,675,367
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation   19,958,856   16,351,038   14,699,244
Net (appreciation)/depreciation on investments 1   16,172,037   27,053,455   18,320,870
Provision in respect of non-performing and other assets   9,635,716   (3,653,501   )   63,775,215
General provision for standard assets   11,658,491   4,898,941   4,065,438
Provision for contingencies & others   8,780,202   54,236,861   16,513,472
(Profit)/loss on sale of fixed assets   (144,093   )   (542,579   )   (56,635   )
Employees stock options expense   7,029,081   5,180,508   2,669,253
(i)   669,930,251   561,825,505   455,757,552
Adjustments for:
(Increase)/decrease in investments   167,355,354   (158,286,285   )   (166,685,392   )
(Increase)/decrease in advances   (1,782,646,848   )   (1,638,931,648   )   (1,349,047,011   )
Increase/(decrease) in deposits   2,329,930,107   1,194,663,589   1,314,257,752
(Increase)/decrease in other assets   18,818,794   (165,971,353   )   46,750,597
Increase/(decrease) in other liabilities and provisions   302,893,172   277,742,529   329,993,864
(ii)   1,036,350,579   (490,783,168   )   175,174,482
Refund/(payment) of direct taxes   (iii)   (133,436,047   )   (108,754,258   )   (49,817,733   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) operating  activities((i)+(ii)+(iii))   (A)   1,572,844,783   (37,711,921   )   581,114,301
Cash flow from/(used in) investing activities
Purchase of fixed assets   (36,785,464   )   (24,676,808   )   (18,599,746   )
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets   698,893   2,874,176   1,174,397
(Purchase)/sale of held to maturity securities   (1,423,224,353   )   (658,250,590   )   (375,789,070   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) investing activities   (B)   (1,459,310,924   )   (680,053,222   )   (393,214,419   )
Cash flow from/(used in) financing activities
Proceeds from issue of share capital (including ESOPs)   11,708,675   9,420,691   7,979,764
Proceeds from long-term borrowings   391,968,191   417,361,966   356,976,668
Repayment of long-term borrowings   (391,468,771   )   (268,917,978   )   (346,030,278   )
Net proceeds/(repayment) of short-term borrowings   181,423,005   124,836,960   169,436,188
Dividend paid   (55,985,964   )   (34,794,463   )   (13,852,335   )
Net cash flow from/(used in) financing activities   (C)   137,645,136   247,907,176   174,510,007
Effect of exchange fluctuation on translation reserve   (D)   4,234,435   3,163,063   (1,268,443   )

F-
11

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Consolidated cash flow statement
(Continued)

(Rs. in thousands)

Year ended
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A) + (B) + (C) + (D)   255,413,430   (466,694,904   )   361,141,446
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year   1,364,564,928   1,831,259,832   1,475,705,302
Add: Addition of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Private Limited as a subsidiary in consolidation during the year   7,710,668
Less: Reduction due to discontinuation of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited from consolidation during the year   (5,586,916   )
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year   1,627,689,026   1,364,564,928   1,831,259,832

1.   Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, balances with RBI, balances with
other banks and money at call and short notice.

F-
12

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 1 - CAPITAL

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
Authorised capital
12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2023: 12,500,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 2 each)   25,000,000   25,000,000
Equity
share capital Issued,
subscribed and paid-up capital
6,982,815,731 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2023: 6,948,771,375 equity shares)   13,965,631   13,897,543
Add: 39,519,912 equity shares of Rs. 2 each (March 31, 2023: 34,044,356 equity shares) issued during the year   79,040   68,088
14,044,671   13,965,631
Add: Forfeited equity shares 1   2,119   2,119
TOTAL CAPITAL   14,046,790   13,967,750

1.   On
                                            account of forfeiture of 266,089 equity shares of Rs. 10 each.

SCHEDULE
1A - Employees stock options outstanding

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
Opening Balance   7,608,859   2,664,141
Additions during the year 1   7,028,323   5,172,383
Deductions during the year 2   (584,002)   (227,665)
Closing Balance   14,053,180   7,608,859

1.   Represents cost of stock options/units recognised
during the year.

2.   Represents amount transferred to Securities Premium
on account of exercise of employee stock options and to General Reserve on lapses of employee stock options.

SCHEDULE
2 - RESERVES AND SURPLUS

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
II.         Statutory reserve
Opening balance   435,778,519   356,036,519
Additions during the year   102,221,000   79,742,000
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   537,999,519   435,778,519
II.       Special reserve
Opening balance   160,232,000   133,978,000
Additions during the year   31,353,000   26,254,000
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   191,585,000   160,232,000

F-
13

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
III.      Securities premium
Opening balance   507,229,514   497,645,058
Additions during the year 1   12,206,924   9,584,456
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   519,436,438   507,229,514
IV.       Investment reserve account
Opening balance   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   ..
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   ..   ..
V.        Investment fluctuation reserve 2
Opening balance   21,758,809   20,714,999
Additions during the year   9,927,900   1,043,810
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   31,686,709   21,758,809
VI.      Capital reserve
Opening balance   150,662,553   149,784,353
Additions during the year 3   690,995   878,200
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance 4   151,353,548   150,662,553
VII.    Capital redemption reserve
Opening balance   3,500,000   3,500,000
Additions during the year   ..   ..
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   3,500,000   3,500,000

(Rs. in thousands)

At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
VIII.   Foreign currency translation reserve
Opening balance   15,594,494   12,431,431
Additions during
the year 5   4,234,435   3,163,063
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Closing balance   19,828,929   15,594,494
IX.     Revaluation reserve
Opening balance   30,918,416   32,284,975
Additions during the year 6   1,174,473   839,517
Deductions during the year 7   (980,148   )   (2,206,076   )
Closing balance   31,112,741   30,918,416
X.      Revenue and other reserves
Opening balance   141,340,210   88,597,221

F-
14

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

Additions during the year   7,381,788   52,798,858
Deductions during the year   (144,306   )   (55,869   )
Closing balance 8,9,10   148,577,692   141,340,210
XI.      Balance in profit and loss account   898,257,800   656,386,769
Deductions during the year   ..   ..
Balance in profit and loss account   898,257,800   656,386,769
TOTAL RESERVES AND SURPLUS   2,533,338,376   2,123,401,284

1.   Includes Rs. 12,206.2 million (March 31, 2023 : Rs. 9,576.3 million) on exercise of employee stock options.

2.   Represents amount transferred by the Bank to Investment Fluctuation Reserve (IFR) on net profit on sale of AFS and HFT investments
during the period. The amount not less than the lower of net profit on sale of AFS and HFT category investments during the period or net
profit for the period less mandatory appropriations is required to be transferred to IFR, until the amount of IFR is at least 2% of the
HFT and AFS portfolio.

3.   Represents appropriations made by the Bank for profit on sale of investments in held-to-maturity category and profit on sale of land
and buildings, net of taxes and transfer to statutory reserve.

4.   Includes capital reserve on initial/subsequent investment on subsidiaries and associates amounting to Rs 437.6 million (March 31,
2023: Rs 79.1 million).

5.   Includes transfer of accumulated translation loss of Rs 3,396.6 million related to closure of Bank’s Offshore Banking Unit,
SEEPZ Mumbai, to profit and loss account in terms of Accounting Standard 11 - The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates.

6.   Represents gain on revaluation of premises carried out by the Bank and ICICI Home Finance Company Limited.

7.   Includes amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation
and revaluation surplus on premises sold. Also includes the amount of loss on revaluation of certain assets which were held for sale.

8.   Includes Rs 6,841.3 million towards fair value change account of insurance subsidiaries (March 31, 2023: Rs 1,435.9 million).

9.   Includes unrealised profit/(loss), net of tax, of Rs 20.1 million (March 31, 2023: Rs 161.5 million) pertaining to the investments
in the available-for-sale category of ICICI Bank UK PLC.

10.   Includes unrealised profit/(loss) pertaining to the investments of venture capital funds.

SCHEDULE 2A - MINORITY INTEREST

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
Opening minority interest   66,867,526   59,808,935
Subsequent increase/(decrease) during the year 1   72,016,636   7,058,591
CLOSING MINORITY INTEREST   138,884,162   66,867,526

1.   FY2024 includes deduction of minority interest relating to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited amounting to Rs. 63,102.1
million on becoming a subsidiary.

SCHEDULE 3 - DEPOSITS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
A. I.  Demand deposits
i) From banks   47,613,641   49,978,962
ii) From others   1,940,571,390   1,608,349,299
II.   Savings bank deposits   4,060,887,215   3,848,298,564
III. Term deposits
i) From banks   208,627,693   113,475,314
ii) From others   8,178,099,585   6,488,219,382
TOTAL DEPOSITS   14,435,799,524   12,108,321,521

F-
15

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
B.  I.    Deposits of branches in India   13,954,785,283   11,638,079,242
II.   Deposits of branches/subsidiaries outside India   481,014,241   470,242,279
TOTAL DEPOSITS   14,435,799,524   12,108,321,521

SCHEDULE 4 - BORROWINGS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March
31, 2024   March
31, 2023
I.   Borrowings In India
i) Reserve Bank of India 1   26,186,900   18,899,200
ii) Other banks   104,714,012   71,911,178
iii) Financial institutions 2   661,840,505   608,942,331
iv) Borrowings in the form of
a) Deposits   38,106,055   36,624,470
b) Commercial paper   172,960,808   98,022,849
c) Bonds and debentures (excluding subordinated debt)   525,303,878   506,782,072
v)   Capital instruments
a) Innovative Perpetual Debt Instruments (IPDI) (qualifying as additional Tier 1 capital)   ..   51,400,000
b) Unsecured redeemable debentures/bonds (subordinated debt included in Tier 2 capital)   48,594,148   53,206,653
TOTAL BORROWINGS IN INDIA   1,577,706,306   1,445,788,753
II.	Borrowings outside India
i) Capital instruments
Unsecured redeemable debentures/bonds (subordinated debt included in Tier 2 capital)   4,135,575   5,962,274
ii) Bonds and notes   133,372,570   133,419,412
iii) Other borrowings   359,065,557   305,447,634
TOTAL BORROWINGS OUTSIDE INDIA   496,573,702   444,829,320
TOTAL BORROWINGS   2,074,280,008   1,890,618,073

1. Represents borrowings made by the group under Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) and Standing Liquidity Facility (SLF). 2. Includes borrowings made by the Group under repo and refinance. 3. Secured
borrowings in I and II above amounting to Rs. 266,868.8 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 239,969.1 million) other than the borrowings under
collateralised borrowing and lending obligation, market repurchase transactions (including tri-party repo) with banks and financial institutions
and transactions under liquidity adjustment facility and marginal standing facility.

SCHEDULE 5 - OTHER LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I.   Bills payable   128,193,100   136,037,076
II.   Inter-office adjustments (net)   420,905   3,228,016
III   Interest accrued   38,985,508   33,390,137

F-
16

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
IV   Sundry creditors   639,120,659   242,830,603
V.   General provision for standard assets   61,602,061   49,946,771
VI.   Unrealised loss on foreign exchange and derivative contracts   176,519,175   183,764,747
VI   Others (including provisions) 1   572,203,527   336,248,942
TOTAL OTHER LIABILITIES AND PROVISIONS   1,617,044,935   985,446,292

1.   Includes contingency provision of the Bank amounting to Rs. 131,000.0 million (March
31, 2023: Rs. 131,000.0 million) and specific provision for standard loans amounting to Rs. 9,795.3 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 14,946.9
million) of the Bank.

SCHEDULE 6 - CASH AND BALANCES WITH
RESERVE BANK OF INDIA

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I.	Cash in hand (including foreign currency notes)   89,558,463   86,812,982
II.	Balances with Reserve Bank of India
a) In current account   625,031,768   480,256,431
b) In other accounts 1   184,840,000   119,420,000
TOTAL CASH AND BALANCES WITH RESERVE BANK OF INDIA   899,430,231   686,489,413

1.   Represents lending made by the group under Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF) and Standing Deposit Facility
(SDF).

SCHEDULE 7 - BALANCES WITH BANKS AND MONEY AT CALL AND
SHORT NOTICE

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I.  In India
i)  Balances with banks
a) in current accounts   3,553,758   3,103,280
b) in other deposit accounts   125,802,157   107,287,660
ii) Money at call and short notice
a) with banks   4,170,250   8,217,000
b) with other institutions 1   180,191,880   59,652,392
TOTAL   313,718,045   178,260,332
II. Outside India
i) in current accounts   218,885,291   310,635,743
ii) in other deposit accounts   80,151,629   26,782,094
iii) Money at call and short notice   115,503,830   162,397,346
TOTAL   414,540,750   499,815,183
TOTAL BALANCES WITH BANKS AND MONEY AT CALL AND SHORT NOTICE   728,258,795   678,075,515

1.   Includes lending by the group under reverse repo.

F-
17

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 8 - INVESTMENTS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I.  Investments in India [net of provisions]
i)     Government securities   5,055,928,340   3,960,623,208
ii)    Other approved securities   ..   ..
iii)   Shares (includes equity and preference shares)   219,751,396   127,225,123
iv)   Debentures and bonds (including commercial paper and certificate of deposits)   967,627,791   526,539,870
v)   Assets held to cover linked liabilities of life insurance business 1   1,648,424,014   1,440,580,565
vi)  Cost of equity investment in associates 2   15,102,339   64,140,775
vii)  Others (mutual fund units, pass through certificates, security receipts, and other related investments)   222,672,130   128,457,645
TOTAL INVESTMENTS IN INDIA   8,129,506,010   6,247,567,186
II. Investments outside India [net of provisions]
i)    Government securities   79,489,098   89,972,472
ii)   Others (equity shares, bonds and certificate of deposits)   62,629,942   57,980,013
TOTAL INVESTMENTS OUTSIDE INDIA   142,119,040   147,952,485
TOTAL INVESTMENTS   8,271,625,050   6,395,519,671
A.  Investments in India
Gross value of investments 1   8,133,543,306   6,275,011,504
Less: Aggregate of provision/depreciation/(appreciation)   4,037,296   27,444,318
Net investments   8,129,506,010   6,247,567,186
B.  Investments outside India
Gross value of investments   146,627,653   153,368,477
Less: Aggregate of provision/depreciation/(appreciation)   4,508,613   5,415,992
Net investments   142,119,040   147,952,485
TOTAL INVESTMENTS   8,271,625,050   6,395,519,671

1.   Includes net appreciation amounting to Rs. 384,547.0 million (March 31, 2023:
Rs. 169,588.6 million) on investments held to cover linked liabilities of life insurance business.

2.   Includes goodwill on consolidation of associates amounting to Rs. 163.1 million
(March 31, 2023: Rs. 221.9 million).

SCHEDULE 9 - ADVANCES (net of provisions)

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
A. i)    Bills
    purchased and discounted 1   500,789,314   497,557,667
ii)    Cash credits, overdrafts and loans repayable on demand   3,577,416,833   2,866,747,206
iii)   Term loans   8,529,555,882   7,474,358,274
TOTAL ADVANCES   12,607,762,029   10,838,663,147

F-
18

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
B. i)      Secured by tangible assets (includes advances against book debts)   9,000,168,618   7,713,019,424
ii)     Covered by bank/government guarantees   91,804,264   159,202,710
iii)    Unsecured   3,515,789,147   2,966,441,013
TOTAL ADVANCES   12,607,762,029   10,838,663,147
C. I.     Advances in India
i)     Priority sector   3,739,060,521   2,807,812,582
ii)    Public sector   510,801,139   516,152,443
iii)   Banks   16,359,843   7,698,171
iv)   Others   7,598,518,682   6,769,499,593
TOTAL ADVANCES IN INDIA   11,864,740,185   10,101,162,789
II.    Advances outside India
i)     Due from banks   14,422,000   8,076,480
ii)    Due from others
a) Bills purchased and discounted   116,325,237   152,553,948
b) Syndicated and term loans   257,939,039   245,267,859
c) Others   354,335,568   331,602,071
TOTAL ADVANCES OUTSIDE INDIA   743,021,844   737,500,358
TOTAL ADVANCES   12,607,762,029   10,838,663,147

1.   Net of bills re-discounted amounting to Rs. 5,000.0 million (March 31, 2023: Rs.
10,000.0 million).

F-
19

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 10 - FIXED ASSETS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I.    Premises Gross block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   94,340,437   94,345,827
Additions during the year 1,4   9,806,147   2,793,216
Deductions during the year   (1,171,073   )   (2,798,606   )
Closing balance   102,975,511   94,340,437
Depreciation
At March 31 of preceding year   25,545,325   23,514,011
Charge during the year 2,4   3,196,062   2,486,973
Deductions during the year   (641,864   )   (455,659   )
Total  depreciation   28,099,523   25,545,325
Net block 3   74,875,988   68,795,112
II.   Other fixed assets (including furniture and fixtures) Gross block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   111,002,632   98,784,940
Additions during the year 5,6   42,594,957   18,437,437
Deductions during the year   (4,553,076   )   (6,219,745   )
Closing balance   149,044,513   111,002,632
Depreciation
At March 31 of preceding year   73,174,464   66,817,309
Charge during the year 5,6   25,873,227   12,459,081
Deductions during the year   (4,663,727   )   (6,101,926   )
Total  depreciation   94,383,964   73,174,464
Net block   54,660,549   37,828,168
III.    Lease assets Gross block
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   17,902,406   17,890,746
Additions during the year   530   11,660
Deductions during the year   (2,650   )   ..
Closing balance 7   17,900,286   17,902,406
Depreciation
At March 31 of preceding year   14,835,650   14,636,086
Charge during the year   199,375   199,564
Deductions during the year   (965   )   ..
Total depreciation, accumulated lease adjustment and provisions   15,034,060   14,835,650
Net block   2,866,226   3,066,756
TOTAL FIXED ASSETS   132,402,763   109,690,036

1.   Includes net revaluation gain amounting to Rs. 1,194.7 (March 31, 2023: Rs. 811.7
million) on account of revaluation carried out by the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary.

2.   Including depreciation charge on account of revaluation of Rs. 812.5 million for
the year ended March 31, 2024 (year ended March 31, 2023: Rs. 755.2 million).

3.   Includes assets amounting to Rs. 8.8 million of the Bank (March 31, 2023: Rs. 428.8
million) which are held for sale.

4.   Includes premises cost amounting to Rs. 3,723.1 million and accumulated depreciation
amounting to Rs. 305.5 million pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited on becoming a subsidiary w.e.f. February
29, 2024.

5.   Includes other fixed assets cost amounting to Rs. 12,054.0 million and accumulated
depreciation amounting to Rs. 9,567.3 million pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited on becoming a subsidiary w.e.f.
February 29, 2024.

F-
20

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated balance sheet
(Continued)

6.   Includes other fixed assets cost amounting to Rs. 47.5 million and accumulated depreciation
amounting to Rs. 43.8 million pertaining to I-Process Services (India) Private Limited on becoming a subsidiary w.e.f. March 20, 2024.

7.   Includes assets taken on lease by the Bank amounting to Rs. 1,185.7 million (March
31, 2023: Rs. 1,187.8 million).

SCHEDULE 11 – OTHER ASSETS

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I.	         Inter-office adjustments (net)   ..   ..
II.	        Interest accrued   208,551,090   151,100,647
III.	      Tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net)   12,595,878   20,372,701
IV.	      Stationery and stamps   251,899   379,124
V.	        Non-banking assets acquired in satisfaction of claims 1,2   ..   ..
VI.	      Advance for capital assets   8,831,572   9,009,963
VII.	     Deposits   72,688,283   54,892,587
VIII.	    Deferred tax asset (net) (refer note 18.9)   63,115,807   76,194,441
IX.       Deposits in Rural Infrastructure and Development Fund   200,918,559   216,216,187
X.        Unrealised gain on foreign exchange and derivative contracts   169,989,164   178,022,993
XI.	      Others   239,467,536   169,265,227
TOTAL OTHER ASSETS   976,409,788   875,453,870

1.   Assets amounting to ₹ 2.6 million were transferred from banking assets to
non banking asset by the Bank during the year ended March 31, 2024 (year ended March 31, 2023: Nil). Assets amounting to ₹ 827.7
million were sold by the Bank during the year ended March 31, 2024 (year ended March 31, 2023: Nil).

2.   Net of provision held by the Bank amounting to Rs. 28,189.9 million (March 31,
2023: Rs. 29,011.8 million).

SCHEDULE 12 - CONTINGENT
LIABILITIES

(Rs. in thousands)
At
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023
I.	        Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts   110,275,158   88,006,837
II.	       Liability for partly paid investments   3,573,880   4,790,087
III.	      Liability on account of outstanding forward exchange contracts 1   15,786,739,940   15,492,543,076
IV.	      Guarantees given on behalf of constituents
a) In India   1,365,548,848   1,102,115,003
b) Outside India   121,463,607   134,004,861
V.	       Acceptances, endorsements and other obligations   514,009,699   435,202,811
VI.	      Currency swaps 1   541,254,033   570,626,929
VII.	     Interest rate swaps, currency options and interest rate futures 1   39,017,579,690   32,435,271,591
VIII.	   Other items for which the Group is contingently liable   117,718,482   96,949,837
TOTAL CONTINGENT LIABILITES   57,578,163,337   50,359,511,032

1.   Represents notional amount.

F-
21

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries

Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account

SCHEDULE 13 - INTEREST EARNED

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
I. Interest/discount on advances/bills   1,165,897,763   879,292,351   668,865,377
II. Income on investments (including dividend)   381,070,710   279,050,297   219,906,420
III. Interest on balances with Reserve Bank of India and other inter-bank funds   26,498,839   23,054,570   18,195,960
IV. Others 1,2   21,691,940   29,270,880   47,100,897
TOTAL INTEREST EARNED   1,595,159,252   1,210,668,098   954,068,654

1.   Includes interest on income tax refunds amounting to Rs. 2,828.2 million (March
31, 2023: Rs. 1,203.2 million).

2.   Includes interest and amortisation of premium on non-trading interest rate swaps
and foreign currency swaps.

SCHEDULE 14 - OTHER INCOME

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023   March
31, 2022
I. Commission, exchange and brokerage   235,718,656   196,484,672   172,883,870
II. Profit/(loss) on sale of investments (net) 1   36,689,228   12,730,117   23,145,295
III. Profit/(loss) on revaluation of investments (net)   1,182,467   (1,317,590   )   1,981,586
IV. Profit/(loss) on sale of land, buildings and other assets (net) 2   144,093   542,579   56,635
V. Profit/(loss) on exchange/derivative transactions (net)   30,860,575   30,509,008   29,933,143
VI. Premium and other operating income from insurance business   458,528,108   411,367,848   389,595,741
VII. Miscellaneous income (including lease income)   2,094,893   803,278   3,698,244
TOTAL OTHER INCOME   765,218,020   651,119,912   621,294,514

1.   Includes profit/(loss) on sale of assets given on lease.

SCHEDULE 15 - INTEREST EXPENDED

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
I.	       Interest on deposits   587,844,555   394,765,407   336,132,833
II.	      Interest on Reserve Bank of India/inter-bank borrowings   32,114,853   13,380,975   4,402,009
III.	    Others (including interest on borrowings of erstwhile ICICI Limited)   121,122,219   97,287,497   71,131,869
TOTAL INTEREST EXPENDED   741,081,627   505,433,879   411,666,711

F-
22

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 16 - OPERATING EXPENSES

(Rs. in thousands)
Year ended
March 31, 2024   March 31, 2023   March 31, 2022
I.   Payments to and provisions for employees   191,719,774   152,341,687   123,416,025
II.   Rent, taxes and lighting 1   17,054,394   15,846,567   14,085,917
III   Printing and stationery   3,610,245   2,713,187   2,232,877
IV.   Advertisement and publicity   28,292,745   32,807,911   23,313,796
V.   Depreciation on property   19,152,745   14,946,054   13,112,160
VI.   Depreciation (including lease equalisation) on leased assets   199,361   199,538   187,914
VII.   Directors’ fees, allowances and expenses   146,009   137,405   123,496
VIII.   Auditors’ fees and expenses   264,719   248,666   219,598
IX.   Law charges   1,494,968   1,771,894   1,707,140
X.   Postages, courier, telephones, etc.   8,875,883   7,475,175   7,092,062
XI.   Repairs and maintenance   36,171,827   34,644,161   26,994,748
XII.   Insurance   16,843,829   14,788,575   13,025,817
XIII.   Direct marketing agency expenses   37,986,800   32,599,179   25,697,664
XIV.   Claims and benefits paid pertaining to insurance business   78,282,341   53,426,955   59,037,802
XV.   Other expenses pertaining to insurance business 2   424,318,817   363,124,210   339,724,982
XVI.   Other expenditure 3,4   113,413,465   97,319,068   81,545,277
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES   977,827,922   824,390,232   731,517,275

1.   Includes lease expense amounting to Rs. 13,877.7 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 12,512.8
million).

2.   Includes commission expenses and reserves for actuarial liabilities (including
the investible portion of the premium on the unit-linked policies).

3.   Includes expenses on purchase of Priority Sector Lending Certificates (PSLC) for
the Bank amounting to Rs. 16,428.5 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 15,035.2 million).

4.   Includes expenses on reward program by the Bank amounting to Rs. 18,414.8 million
(March 31, 2023: Rs. 12,764.2 million).

F-
23

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 17

Significant accounting policies

Overview

ICICI Bank Limited, together
with its subsidiaries and associates (collectively, the Group), is a diversified financial services group providing a wide range of banking
and financial services including commercial banking, retail banking, project and corporate finance, working capital finance, insurance,
venture capital and private equity, investment banking, broking and treasury products and services.

ICICI Bank Limited (the Bank),
incorporated in Vadodara, India is a publicly held banking company governed by the Banking Regulation Act, 1949.

Principles of consolidation

The consolidated financial
statements include the financials of ICICI Bank, its subsidiaries and associates.

Entities, in which
the Bank holds, directly or indirectly, through subsidiaries and other consolidating entities, more than 50.00% of the voting rights or
where it exercises control, over the composition of board of directors/governing body, are fully consolidated on a line-by-line basis
in accordance with the provisions of AS 21 on ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’. Investments in entities where the Bank
has the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and the pro-rata share of their
profit/(loss) is included in the consolidated profit and loss account. Assets, liabilities, income and expenditure of jointly controlled
entities are consolidated using the proportionate consolidation method. Under this method, the Bank’s share of each of the assets,
liabilities, income and expenses of the jointly controlled entity is reported in separate line items in the consolidated financial statements.
The Bank does not consolidate entities where the significant influence/control is intended to be temporary or entities which operate under
severe long-term restrictions that impair their ability to transfer funds to parent/investing entity or where the objective of control
is not to obtain economic benefit from their activities. All significant inter-company balances and transactions with subsidiaries and
entities consolidated as per AS-21 have been eliminated on consolidation.

Basis of preparation

The accounting and reporting
policies of the Group used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements conform to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
in India (Indian GAAP), the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), Insurance
Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) from time to time and the Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of the
Companies Act, 2013 read together with Rule 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and Companies (Accounting Standard) Rule 2021, as
applicable to relevant companies and practices generally prevalent in the banking industry in India. In the case of the foreign subsidiaries,
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles as applicable to the respective foreign subsidiaries are followed. The Group follows the accrual
method of accounting except where otherwise stated, and the historical cost convention. In case the accounting policies followed by a
subsidiary are different from those followed by the Bank, the same have been disclosed in the respective accounting policy. Further, ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024. Accordingly,
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited has been accounted for the equity method prescribed by AS-23 on ‘Accounting for
Investments in Associates in Consolidated Financial

F-
24

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Statements’ till February 29, 2024 and has
been consolidated on a line-by-line basis as prescribed by AS-21 on ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’ from March 1, 2024
till the reporting date.

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that are considered in the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
(including contingent liabilities) as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported income and expenses during
the reporting period. Management believes that the estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are prudent
and reasonable. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The impact of any revision in these estimates is recognised prospectively
from the period of change.

The consolidated financial statements include
the results of the following entities in addition to the Bank.

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Country of incorporation   Nature of relationship   Nature of business   Ownership interest
1.   ICICI Bank UK PLC   United Kingdom   Subsidiary   Banking   100.00%
2.   ICICI Bank Canada   Canada   Subsidiary   Banking   100.00%
3.   ICICI Securities Limited   India   Subsidiary   Securities broking and merchant banking   74.73%
4.   ICICI Securities Holdings Inc. 1   USA   Subsidiary   Holding company   100.00%
5.   ICICI Securities Inc. 1   USA   Subsidiary   Securities broking   100.00%
6.   ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   India   Subsidiary   Securities investment, trading and underwriting   100.00%
7.   ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Private equity/venture capital fund management   100.00%
8.   ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Housing finance   100.00%
9.   ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   India   Subsidiary   Trusteeship services   100.00%
10.   ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Asset management and Investment advisory   100.00%
11.   ICICI International Limited   Mauritius   Subsidiary   Asset management   100.00%
12.   ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited 2   India   Subsidiary   Pension fund management and Points of Presence   100.00%

F-
25

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Country of incorporation   Nature of relationship   Nature of business   Ownership interest
13.   ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Life insurance   51.20%
14.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 3   India   Subsidiary   General insurance   51.27%
15.   ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   India   Subsidiary   Asset management   51.00%
16.   ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   India   Subsidiary   Trusteeship services   50.80%
17.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited 4   India   Subsidiary   Services related to back end operations   100.00%
18.   ICICI Strategic Investments Fund   India   Consolidated as per AS 21   Venture capital fund   100.00%
19.   NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited 5   India   Associate   Education and training in banking, finance and insurance   18.79%
20.   ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited 5   India   Associate   Merchant acquiring and servicing   19.01%
21.   India Infradebt Limited 5   India   Associate   Infrastructure re-finance   42.33%
22.   India Advantage Fund-III 5   India   Associate   Venture capital fund   24.10%
23.   India Advantage Fund-IV 5   India   Associate   Venture capital fund   47.14%
24.   Arteria Technologies Private Limited 5   India   Associate   Software company   19.98%

1.   ICICI Securities Holding Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Limited. ICICI Securities
Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Securities Holding Inc.

2.   ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited.

3.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the
Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

4.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank
w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024.

5.   These entities have been accounted as per the equity method as prescribed by AS-23 on ‘Accounting
for Investments in Associates in Consolidated Financial Statements’.

Comm Trade Services Limited
has not been consolidated under AS-21, since the investment is temporary in nature. Falcon Tyres Limited, in which the Bank holds 26.39%
equity shares has not been accounted as per equity method under AS-23, since the investment is temporary in nature.

F-
26

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

1.   Translation of foreign currency items

The consolidated financial
statements of the Group are reported in Indian rupees (Rs.), the national currency of India. Foreign currency income and expenditure items
of domestic operations are translated at the exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. Income and expenditure items of
integral foreign operations (representative offices) are translated at daily closing rates, and income and expenditure items of non-integral
foreign operations (foreign branches, offshore banking units, foreign subsidiaries) are translated at quarterly average closing rates.

Monetary foreign
currency assets and liabilities of domestic and integral foreign operations are translated at closing exchange rates notified by
Foreign Exchange Dealers’ Association of India (FEDAI) relevant to the balance sheet date and the resulting gains/losses are
recognised in the profit and loss account.

Both monetary and non-monetary
foreign currency assets and liabilities of non-integral foreign operations are translated at relevant closing exchange rates notified
by FEDAI at the balance sheet date and the resulting gains/losses from exchange differences are accumulated in the foreign currency translation
reserve until the disposal of the net investment in the non-integral foreign operations. Pursuant to RBI guideline, the Bank does not
recognise the cumulative/proportionate amount of such exchange differences as income or expenses, which relate to repatriation of accumulated
retained earnings from overseas operations, in the profit and loss account.

Contingent liabilities on
account of guarantees, endorsements and other obligations denominated in foreign currencies are disclosed at the closing exchange rates
notified by FEDAI relevant to the balance sheet date.

2.   Revenue recognition

a)   Interest income is recognised in the profit and loss account as it accrues, except in the case of non-performing
assets (NPAs) where it is recognised upon realisation, as per the income recognition and asset classification norms of RBI/NHB/other applicable
guidelines.

b)   Income on discounted instruments is recognised over the tenure of the instrument.

c)   Dividend income is accounted on an accrual basis when the right to receive the dividend is established.

d)   Loan processing fee is accounted for upfront when it becomes due except in the case of foreign banking
subsidiaries, where it is amortised over the period of the loan.

e)   Project appraisal/structuring fee is accounted for on the completion of the agreed service.

f)   Arranger fee is accounted for as income when a significant portion of the arrangement is completed and
right to receive is established.

g)   Commission received on guarantees and letters of credit issued is amortised on a straight-line basis over
the period of the guarantee/letters of credit.

h)   Fund management and portfolio management fees are recognised on an accrual basis.

F-
27

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

i)   The annual/renewal fee on credit cards, debit cards and prepaid cards are amortised on a straight line
basis over one year.

j)   All other fees are accounted for as and when they become due where the Group is reasonably certain of
ultimate collection.

k)   Fees paid/received for priority sector lending certificates (PSLC) is amortised on straight-line basis
over the period of the certificate.

l)   Income from securities brokerage activities is recognised as income on the trade date of the transaction.
Brokerage income in relation to public or other issuances of securities is recognised based on mobilisation and terms of agreement with
the client.

m)   Life insurance premium for non-linked policies is recognised as income (net of goods and service tax)
when due from policyholders. For unit linked business, premium is recognised when the associated units are created. Premium on lapsed
policies is recognised as income when such policies are reinstated. Top-up premiums paid by unit linked policyholders’ are considered
as single premium and recognised as income when the associated units are created. Income from unit linked policies, which includes fund
management charges, policy administration charges, mortality charges and other charges, if any, are recovered from the linked funds in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the policy and are recognised when due.

n)   In case of general insurance business, premium including reinsurance accepted (net of goods & services
tax) other than for long-term (with term more than one year) motor insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers sold on or after
September 1, 2018 is recorded on receipt of complete information, for the policy period at the commencement of risk. For crop insurance,
the premium is accounted based on management estimates that are progressively actualised on receipt of information. For installment cases,
premium is recorded on installment due dates. Reinstatement premium is recorded as and when such premiums are recovered. Premium earned
including reinstatement premium and re-insurance accepted is recognised as income over the period of risk or the contract period based
on 1/365 method, whichever is appropriate on a gross basis other than instalment premiums received for group health policies, wherein
the instalment premiums are recognised over the balance policy period. Any subsequent revisions to premium as and when they occur are
recognised over the remaining period of risk or contract period, as applicable.

In case of long-term motor insurance
policies for new cars and new two wheelers sold on or after September 1, 2018, premium received (net of goods & services tax) for
third party liability coverage is recognised equally over the policy period at the commencement of risk on 1/n basis where ‘n’
denotes the term of the policy in years and premium received for own damage coverage is recognised in accordance with movement of Insured
Declared Value (IDV) over the period of risk, on receipt of complete information. Reinstatement premium is recorded as and when such premiums
are recovered. Premium allocated for the year is recognised as income earned based on 1/365 method, on a gross basis. Reinstatement premium
is allocated on the same basis as the original premium over the balance term of the policy. Any subsequent revisions to premium as and
when they occur are recognised on the same basis as the original premium over the balance term of the policy. Adjustments to premium income
arising on cancellation of policies are recognised in the period in which the policies are cancelled. Adjustments to premium income for
corrections to area covered under crop insurance are recognised in the period in which the information is confirmed by the concerned government/nodal
agency. Commission on reinsurance ceded is recognised as income in the period of ceding the risk. Profit commission under reinsurance
treaties, wherever applicable, is recognised as income in the year of final determination of profits as confirmed by reinsurers and combined
with commission on reinsurance ceded. Sliding scale commission under reinsurance treaties, wherever applicable, is determined at every
balance sheet date as per terms of the respective

F-
28

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

treaties. Any changes in the previously
accrued commission is recognised immediately and any additional accrual is recognised on confirmation from reinsurers. Such commission
is combined with commission on reinsurance ceded.

o)   In case of life insurance business, reinsurance premium ceded/accepted is accounted in accordance with
the terms of the relevant treaties/arrangements with the reinsurer/insurer. Profit commission on reinsurance ceded is netted off against
premium ceded on reinsurance.

p)   In case of general insurance business, insurance premium on ceding of the risk other than for long-term
motor insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers sold on or after September 1, 2018 is recognised simultaneously along with
the insurance premium in accordance with reinsurance arrangements with the reinsurers. In case of long-term motor insurance policies for
new cars and new two wheelers sold on or after September 1, 2018, reinsurance premium is recognised on the insurance premium allocated
for the year simultaneously along with the recognition of the insurance premium in accordance with the reinsurance arrangements with the
reinsurers. Any subsequent revision to premium ceded is recognised in the period of such revision. Adjustment to reinsurance premium arising
on cancellation of policies is recognised in the period in which the policies are cancelled. Adjustments to reinsurance premium for corrections
to area covered under crop insurance are recognised simultaneously along with related premium income.

q)   In the case of general insurance business, premium deficiency is recognised when the sum of expected claim
costs and related expenses and maintenance costs exceed the reserve for unexpired risks and is computed at a segmental revenue account
level. The premium deficiency is calculated and duly certified by the Appointed Actuary.

3.   Stock based compensation

The following entities within
the group have granted stock options/units to their employees:

·   ICICI Bank Limited

·   ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited

·   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

·   ICICI Securities Limited

The Employees Stock Option
Scheme 2000 (Option Scheme) of the Bank provides for grant of options on the Bank’s equity shares to wholetime directors and employees
of the Bank and its subsidiaries. The options granted vest in a graded manner and may be exercised within a specified period.

The Employees Stock Unit
Scheme - 2022 (Unit Scheme) provides for grant of units at face value to the eligible employees of the Bank and its subsidiaries. The
units granted vest in a graded manner and as per vesting criteria and may be exercised within a specified period.

Till March 31, 2021, the
Bank recognised cost of stock options granted under Employee Stock Option Scheme, using intrinsic value method. Under Intrinsic value
method, options cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair market price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on the
grant date.

Pursuant to RBI clarification
dated August 30, 2021, the cost of stock options/units granted after March 31, 2021 is recognised based on fair value method. The cost
of stock options/units granted up to March 31, 2021 continues to be recognised on intrinsic value method. The Bank uses Black-Scholes
model to fair value the options/units on the grant date and the inputs used in the valuation model include

F-
29

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

assumptions such as the expected life of the share
option/units, volatility, risk free rate and dividend yield.

The cost of stock options/units
is recognised in the profit and loss account over the vesting period.

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited have also formulated similar stock options/units
schemes for their employees for grant of equity shares of their respective companies. The intrinsic value method is followed by them to
account for their stock-based employee compensation plans. Compensation cost is measured as the excess, if any, of the fair market price
of the underlying stock over the exercise price on the grant date and amortised over the vesting period. The fair market price is the
closing price on the stock exchange with the highest trading volume of the underlying shares of the Bank, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and ICICI Securities Limited, immediately prior to the grant date.

The banking subsidiaries
namely, ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank Canada, account for the cost of the options/units granted to employees by ICICI Bank using the
fair value method as followed by the Bank.

4.   Income taxes

Income tax expense is the
aggregate amount of current tax and deferred tax expense incurred by the Group. The current tax expense and deferred tax expense is determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and as per Accounting Standard 22 - Accounting for Taxes on Income respectively.
Deferred tax adjustments comprise changes in the deferred tax assets or liabilities during the year and change in tax rate.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognised by considering the impact of timing differences between taxable income and accounting income for the current year, and
carry forward losses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the balance sheet date. The impact of changes in the deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognised in the profit and loss
account.

Deferred tax assets are recognised
and re-assessed at each reporting date, based upon the management’s judgement as to whether their realisation is considered as reasonably
certain. However, in case of domestic companies, where there is unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward loss under taxation laws, deferred
tax assets are recognised only if there is virtual certainty of realisation of such assets.

In the consolidated financial
statements, deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed at an individual entity level and aggregated for consolidated reporting.

Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT)
credit is recognised as an asset to the extent there is convincing evidence that the Group will pay normal income tax during specified
period, i.e., the period for which MAT credit is allowed to be carried forward as per prevailing provisions of the Income Tax Act 1961.
In accordance with the recommendation contained in the guidance note issued by ICAI, MAT credit is to be recognised as an asset in the
year in which it becomes eligible for set off against normal income tax. The Group reviews MAT credit entitlements at each balance sheet
date and writes down the carrying amount to the extent there is no longer convincing evidence to the effect that the Group will pay normal
income tax during the specified period.

F-
30

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

5.   Claims and benefits paid

In the case of general insurance
business, claims incurred comprise claims paid, estimated liability for outstanding claims made following a loss occurrence reported and
estimated liability for claims incurred but not reported (IBNR) and claims incurred but not enough reported (IBNER). Further, claims incurred
also include specific claim settlement costs such as survey/legal fees and other directly attributable costs. Claims (net of amounts receivable
from re-insurers/co-insurers) are recognised on the date of intimation based on internal management estimates or on estimates from surveyors/insured
in the respective revenue account. Estimated liability for outstanding claims at the balance sheet date is recorded net of claims recoverable
from/payable to co-insurers/re-insurers and salvage to the extent there is certainty of realisation and includes provision for solatium
fund. Salvaged stock is recognised at estimated net realisable value based on independent valuer’s report. Estimated liability for
outstanding claim is determined by the management on the basis of ultimate amounts likely to be paid on each claim based on the past experience
and in cases where claim payment period exceeds four years based on actuarial valuation. These estimates are progressively revalidated
on availability of further information. Claims IBNR represent that amount of claims that may have been incurred during the accounting
period but have not been reported or claimed. The claims IBNR provision also includes provision, if any, required for claims that have
been incurred but are not enough reported (IBNER). The provision for claims IBNR/claims IBNER is based on an actuarial estimate duly certified
by the Appointed Actuary of the entity. The actuarial estimate is derived in accordance with relevant IRDAI regulations and Guidance Note
GN 21 issued by the Institute of Actuaries of India.

In the case of life insurance
business, benefits paid comprise policy benefits and claim settlement costs, if any. Death and rider claims are accounted for on receipt
of intimation. Survival and maturity benefits are accounted when due. Withdrawals and surrenders under non linked policies are accounted
on the receipt of intimation. Amount payable on lapsed/discontinued policies are accounted for on expiry of lock-in-period of these policies.
Surrenders, withdrawals and lapsation are disclosed at net of charges recoverable.Claim settlement cost, legal and other fees form part
of claim cost wherever applicable. Reinsurance claims receivable are accounted for in the period in which the claim is intimated. Repudiated
claims and other claims disputed before the judicial authorities are provided for on prudent basis as considered appropriate by the management.

6.   Liability for life policies in force

In the case of life insurance
business, the actuarial liabilities for life policies in force and policies where premiums are discontinued but a liability exists as
at the valuation date, are calculated in accordance with accepted actuarial practice, requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, as amended
from time to time, and regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India, relevant Guidance Notes and
Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India.

7.   Reserve for unexpired risk

Reserve for unexpired risk
is recognised net of re-insurance ceded and represents premium written that is attributable to and is to be allocated to succeeding accounting
periods. For fire, marine cargo and miscellaneous business it is calculated on a daily pro-rata basis, except in the case of marine hull
business which is computed at 100.00% of net premium written on all unexpired policies at balance sheet date.

8.   Actuarial method and valuation

In the case of life insurance
business, the actuarial liability on both participating and non-participating policies is calculated using the gross premium method, using
assumptions for interest,

F-
31

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

mortality, morbidity, expense and inflation, and
in the case of participating policies, future bonuses together with allowance for taxation and allocation of profits to shareholders.
These assumptions are determined as prudent estimates at the date of valuation with allowances for adverse deviations.

The liability for the unexpired
portion of the risk for the non-unit liabilities of linked business and attached riders is the higher of liability calculated using discounted
cash flows and unearned premium reserves.

The unit liability in respect
of linked business has been taken as the value of the units standing to the credit of policyholders, using the Net Asset Value (NAV) prevailing
at the valuation date.

An unexpired risk reserve
and a reserve in respect of claims incurred but not reported are created, for one year renewable group term insurance.

The interest rates used for
valuing the liabilities are in the range of 5.04% to 6.56% per annum (previous year – 4.99% to 6.58% per annum).

Mortality rates used are
based on the published “Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-2014) Ult.” mortality table for assurances and “Indian
Individual Annuitant’s Mortality Table (2012-15)” table for annuities, adjusted to reflect expected experience while morbidity
rates used are based on CIBT 93 table, adjusted for expected experience, or on risk rates supplied by reinsurers.

Expenses are provided for
at least at current levels, in respect of renewal expenses, with no allowance for future improvements. Per policy renewal expenses for
regular premium policies are assumed to inflate at 4.91% per annum (previous year – 4.90%).

9.   Acquisition costs for insurance business

Acquisition costs are those
costs that vary with and are primarily related to the acquisition of insurance contracts and are expensed in the period in which they
are incurred except for commission on long term motor insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers sold on or after September
1, 2018. In case of long-term motor insurance policies for new cars and new two wheelers sold on or after September 1, 2018 commission
is expensed at the applicable rates on the premium allocated for the year.

10.   Employee benefits

Gratuity

The Group pays gratuity,
a defined benefit plan, to employees who retire or resign after a minimum prescribed period of continuous service and in case of employees
at overseas locations as per the rules in force in the respective countries. The Group makes contribution to recognised trusts which administer
the funds on their own account or through insurance companies.

Actuarial valuation of the
gratuity liability is determined by an independent actuary appointed by the Group. Actuarial valuation of gratuity liability is determined
based on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected unit credit
method. The actuarial gains or losses arising during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Superannuation Fund and National Pension Scheme

The Bank has a superannuation
fund, a defined contribution plan, which is administered by trustees and managed by insurance companies. The Bank contributes maximum
15.0% of the total annual basic

F-
32

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

salary for certain employees to superannuation
funds. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited, ICICI Home Finance Company
Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited and ICICI Investment Management Company Limited have accrued for superannuation
liability based on a percentage of basic salary payable to eligible employees for the period of service.

The Group contributes
up to 10.0% of the total basic salary of certain employees to National Pension Scheme (NPS), a defined contribution plan, which is
managed and administered by pension fund management companies. The employees are given an option to receive the amount in cash in
lieu of such contributions along with their monthly salary during their employment.

The amounts so contributed/paid
by the Group to the superannuation fund and NPS or to employees during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account. The Group
has no liability towards future benefits under superannuation fund and national pension scheme other than its annual contribution.

Pension

The Bank provides for pension,
a defined benefit plan covering eligible employees of erstwhile Bank of Madura, erstwhile Sangli Bank and erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan.
The Bank makes contribution to a trust which administers the funds on its own account or through insurance companies. The plan provides
for pension payment including dearness relief on a monthly basis to these employees on their retirement based on the respective employee’s
years of service with the Bank and applicable salary.

Actuarial valuation of the
pension liability is determined by an independent actuary appointed by the Bank. Actuarial valuation of pension liability is calculated
based on certain assumptions regarding rate of interest, salary growth, mortality and staff attrition as per the projected unit credit
method.

The actuarial gains or losses
arising during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

Employees covered by the
pension plan are not eligible for employer’s contribution under the provident fund plan.

Provident fund

The Group is statutorily
required to maintain a provident fund, a defined benefit plan, as a part of retirement benefits to its employees. Each employee contributes
a certain percentage of his or her basic salary and the Group contributes an equal amount for eligible employees. The Group makes contribution
as required by The Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 to Employees’ Pension Scheme administered
by the Regional Provident Fund Commissioner and the balance contributions are transferred to funds administered by trustees. The funds
are invested according to the rules prescribed by the Government of India. The Group recognises such contribution as an expense in the
year in which it is incurred.

Interest payable on provident
fund should not be lower than the statutory rate of interest declared by the Central Government under the Employees Provident Funds and
Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952. Actuarial valuation for the interest obligation on the provident fund balances is determined by an
actuary appointed by the Group.

The actuarial gains or losses
arising during the year are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The overseas branches of
the Bank and its eligible employees contribute a certain percentage of their salary towards respective government schemes as per local
regulatory guidelines. The contribution made by the overseas branches is recognised in profit and loss account at the time of contribution.

F-
33

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Compensated absences

The Group provides for compensated
absences based on actuarial valuation conducted by an independent actuary.

11.   Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets

The Group estimates the probability
of any loss that might be incurred on outcome of contingencies on the basis of information available upto the date on which the consolidated
financial statements are prepared. A provision is recognised when an enterprise has a present obligation as a result of a past event and
it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in respect of which a reliable estimate can be
made. Provisions are determined based on management estimates of amounts required to settle the obligation at the balance sheet date,
supplemented by experience of similar transactions. These are reviewed at each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect the current
management estimates. In cases where the available information indicates that the loss on the contingency is reasonably possible but the
amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, a disclosure to this effect is made in the consolidated financial statements. In case of
remote possibility, neither provision nor disclosure is made in the consolidated financial statements. The Group does not account for
or disclose contingent assets, if any.

The Bank estimates the probability
of redemption of customer loyalty reward points using an actuarial method by employing an independent actuary and accordingly makes provision
for these reward points. Actuarial valuation is determined based on certain assumptions regarding mortality rate, discount rate, cancellation
rate and redemption rate.

12.   Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents
include cash in hand, foreign currency notes, balances with RBI, balances with other banks and money at call and short notice.

13.   Investments

i)   Investments of the Bank are accounted for in accordance with
the extant RBI guidelines on classification, valuation and operation of investment portfolio by Banks.

a.   The Bank follows trade date method of accounting for purchase and sale of investments, except for government
of India and state government securities where settlement date method of accounting is followed in accordance with RBI guidelines.

b.   All investments are classified into ‘Held to Maturity’ (HTM), ‘Available for Sale’
(AFS) and ‘Held for Trading’ (HFT) on the date of purchase as per the extant RBI guidelines on classification, valuation and
operation of investment portfolio by Banks. Reclassifications, if any, in any category are accounted for as per the RBI guidelines. Under
each classification, the investments are further categorised as (a) government securities, (b) other approved securities, (c) shares,
(d) bonds and debentures and (e) others.

c.   Investments that are held principally for resale within 90 days from the date of purchase are classified
as HFT securities. Investments which the Bank intends to hold till maturity are classified as HTM securities. Investments which are not
classified in either of the above categories are classified under AFS securities.

d.   Costs including brokerage and commission pertaining to trading book investments paid at the time of acquisition
and broken period interest (the amount of interest from the previous

F-
34

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

interest payment date till the date
of purchase of instruments) on debt instruments are charged to the profit and loss account.

e.   Securities are valued scrip-wise. Depreciation/appreciation on securities, other than those acquired by
way of conversion of outstanding loans, is aggregated for each category. Net appreciation in each category under each investment classification,
if any, being unrealised, is ignored, while net depreciation is provided. The depreciation on securities acquired by way of conversion
of outstanding loans is fully provided. Non-performing investments are identified based on the RBI guidelines.

f.   HTM securities are carried at their acquisition cost or at amortised cost, if acquired at a premium over
the face value. Any premium over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate securities acquired is amortised over the remaining period
to maturity on a constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively.

g.   AFS and HFT securities are valued periodically as per RBI guidelines. Any premium over the face value
of fixed rate and floating rate investments in government securities, classified as AFS, is amortised over the remaining period to maturity
on constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively. Quoted investments are valued based on the closing quotes on the recognised
stock exchanges or prices declared by Primary Dealers Association of India (PDAI) jointly with Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives
Association (FIMMDA)/Financial Benchmark India Private Limited (FBIL), periodically.

h.   The market/fair value of unquoted government securities which are in the nature of Statutory Liquidity
Ratio (SLR) securities included in the ‘AFS’ and ‘HFT’ categories is as per the rates published by FBIL and for
unquoted corporate bonds, security level valuation (SLV) published by FIMMDA. The valuation of other unquoted fixed income securities,
including Pass Through Certificates, wherever linked to the Yield-to-Maturity (YTM) rates, is computed with a mark-up (reflecting associated
credit risk) over the YTM rates for government securities published by FIMMDA. The sovereign foreign securities and non-INR India linked
bonds are valued on the basis of prices published by the sovereign regulator or counterparty quotes.

i.   Treasury bills, commercial papers and certificate of deposits being discounted instruments, are valued
at carrying cost.

j.   The units of mutual funds are valued at the latest repurchase price/net asset value declared by the mutual
fund. Unquoted equity shares are valued at the break-up value, if the latest balance sheet is available, or at ₹1, as per RBI guidelines.

k.   Investments in units of Venture Capital Funds (VCFs)/Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) are categorised
under HTM category for an initial period of three years and valued at cost. The units of VCFs/AIFs categorised under AFS are valued at
the net asset value (NAV) declared by the VCFs/AIFs respectively. If the latest NAV is not available continuously for more than 18 months,
the units of VCFs/AIFs are valued at Rs. 1, as per RBI guidelines.

l.   The units of Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvIT) are valued as per the quoted price available on the
exchange.

m.   At the end of each reporting period, security receipts issued by the asset reconstruction companies are
valued in accordance with the guidelines applicable to such instruments, prescribed by RBI from time to time. Accordingly, in cases where
the cash flows from security receipts issued by the asset reconstruction companies are limited to the actual

F-
35

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

realisation of the financial assets
assigned to the instruments in the concerned scheme, the Bank reckons the net asset value obtained from the asset reconstruction company
from time to time, for valuation of such investments at each reporting period end. The Bank makes additional provisions on the security
receipts based on the remaining period to end. The security receipts which are outstanding and not redeemed as at the end of the resolution
period are treated as loss assets and are fully provided.

n.   Depreciation/provision on non-performing investments is made as per internal provisioning norms, subject
to minimum provisioning requirements of RBI.

o.   Gain/loss on sale of investments is recognised in the profit and loss account. Cost of investments is
computed based on the First-In-First-Out (FIFO) method. The profit from sale of investment under HTM category, net of taxes and transfer
to statutory reserve is transferred to “Capital Reserve” in accordance with the RBI guidelines.

p.   The Bank undertakes short sale transactions in dated central government securities in accordance with
RBI guidelines. The short positions are categorised under HFT category and are marked-to-market. The mark-to-market loss is charged to
profit and loss account and gain, if any, is ignored as per RBI guidelines.

q.   Market repurchase, reverse repurchase and transactions with RBI under Liquidity Adjustment Facility (LAF)/Marginal
Standing Facility (MSF) are accounted for as borrowing and lending transactions in accordance with the extant RBI guidelines.

ii)   The Bank’s consolidating venture capital fund carries investments at fair values, with unrealised
gains and temporary losses on investments recognised as components of investors’ equity and accounted for in the unrealised investment
reserve account. The realised gains and losses on investments and units in mutual funds and unrealised gains or losses on revaluation
of units in mutual funds are accounted for in the profit and loss account. Provisions are made in respect of accrued income considered
doubtful. Such provisions as well as any subsequent recoveries are recorded through the profit and loss account. Subscription to/purchase
of investments are accounted at the cost of acquisition inclusive of brokerage, commission and stamp duty.

iii)   The Bank’s primary dealership and securities broking subsidiaries classify the securities held with
the intention of holding for short-term and trading as stock-in-trade which are valued at lower of cost or market value. The securities
classified by primary dealership subsidiary as held-to-maturity, as permitted by RBI, are carried at amortised cost. Appropriate provision
is made for other than temporary diminution in the value of investments. Commission earned in respect of securities acquired upon devolvement
is reduced from the cost of acquisition.

iv)   The Bank’s housing finance subsidiary classifies its investments as current investments and long-term
investments. Investments that are readily realisable and intended to be held for not more than a year are classified as current investments,
which are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. All other investments are classified as long-term investments, which
are carried at their acquisition cost or at amortised cost, if acquired at a premium over the face value. Any premium over the face value
of the securities acquired is amortised over the remaining period to maturity on a constant yield basis. However, a provision for diminution
in value is made to recognise any other than temporary decline in the value of such long-term investments.

v)   The Bank’s overseas banking subsidiaries account for unrealised gain/loss, net of tax, on investment
in ‘AFS’/‘Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income’ (FVOCI) category directly in their reserves. Further
unrealised gain/loss on investment in ‘HFT’/‘Fair Value

F-
36

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Through Profit and Loss’ (FVTPL)
category is accounted directly in the profit and loss account. Investments in ‘HTM’/‘amortised cost’ category
are carried at amortised cost.

vi)   In the case of life and general insurance businesses, investments are made in accordance with the Insurance
Act, 1938 (amended by the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015), the IRDA (Investment) Regulations, 2016, and various other circulars/notifications
issued by the IRDAI in this context from time to time.

In the case of life insurance business,
valuation of investments (other than linked business) is done on the following basis:

a.   All debt securities including government securities and redeemable preference shares are considered as
‘held to maturity’ and stated at historical cost, subject to amortisation of premium or accretion of discount over the period
of maturity/holding on a constant yield basis.

b.   Listed equity shares and equity exchange traded funds (ETF) are stated at fair value being the last quoted
closing price on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) (or BSE, in case the investments are not listed on NSE). Unlisted equity shares are
stated at acquisition cost less impairment, if any. Equity shares lent under the Securities Lending and Borrowing scheme (SLB) continue
to be recognised in the Balance Sheet as the Company retains all the associated risks and rewards of these securities. Non-traded and
thinly traded equity share are valued at last available price on NSE/BSE or the value derived using valuation principle of net worth per
share, whichever is lower.

c.   Mutual fund units are valued based on the previous day’s net asset value.

Unrealised
gains/losses arising due to changes in the fair value of listed equity shares and mutual fund units are taken to ’Revenue and other
reserves’ and ‘Liabilities on policies in force’ in the balance sheet for Shareholders’ fund and Policyholders’
fund respectively for life insurance business.

In the case of general insurance business,
valuation of investments is done on the following basis:

d.   All debt securities including government securities, money market
instruments, non-convertible and redeemable preference shares and excluding Additional Tier-1 perpetual bonds are considered as ‘held
to maturity’ and accordingly stated at amortised cost determined after amortisation of premium or accretion of discount over the
holding/maturity period in accordance with income recognition policy.

Additional Tier-1 perpetual bonds

Additional Tier-1 perpetual bond investments
are valued at fair value using market yield rates published by rating agency registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(SEBI).

a.   Listed equities and convertible preference shares at the balance
sheet date are stated at fair value, being the last quoted closing price on the NSE and in case these are not listed on NSE, then based
on the last quoted closing price on the BSE.

b.   Mutual fund investments (other than venture capital fund) are
stated at fair value, being the closing net asset value at balance sheet date.

F-
37

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

c.   Investments other than mentioned above are valued at cost.

Unrealised gains/losses arising due
to changes in the fair value of listed equity shares, convertible preference shares and mutual fund investments and Additional Tier-I
perpetual bonds are taken to ‘Revenue and other reserves’ in the balance sheet for general insurance business.

Insurance subsidiaries
assess at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that any investment may be impaired. If any such indication exists,
the carrying value of such investment is reduced to its recoverable amount and the impairment loss is recognised in the revenue(s)/profit
and loss account. The previously impaired loss is also reversed on disposal/realisation of securities and results thereon are recognised.

The total proportion of investments
for which subsidiaries have applied accounting policies different from the Bank as mentioned above, is approximately 25.57% of the total
investments at March 31, 2024.

14.   Loans and other credit facilities

i)   Loans and other credit facilities of the Bank are accounted for in accordance with the extant RBI guidelines
as given below:

The Bank classifies
its loans and investments, including at overseas branches and overdues arising from crystallised derivative contracts, into performing
and NPAs in accordance with RBI guidelines. Loans and advances held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host
country regulations but which are standard as per the extant RBI guidelines, are classified as NPAs to the extent of amount outstanding
in the respective host country. Further, NPAs are classified into sub-standard, doubtful and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated
by RBI. Interest on non-performing advances is transferred to an interest suspense account and not recognised in profit and loss account
until received.

The Bank considers
an account as restructured, where for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, the Bank grants
concessions to the borrower, that the Bank would not otherwise consider. The moratorium granted to the borrowers based on RBI guidelines
is not accounted as restructuring of loan. Certain specified guidelines by RBI requires the asset classification to be maintained as ‘Standard’.
Therefore, the borrowers where resolution plan was implemented under these guidelines are classified as standard restructured.

In the case of corporate
loans and advances, provisions are made for sub-standard and doubtful assets as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning
requirements of RBI. Loss assets and the unsecured portion of doubtful assets are fully provided. For impaired loans and advances held
in overseas branches, which are performing as per RBI guidelines, provisions are made as per the host country regulations. For loans
and advances held in overseas branches, which are NPAs both as per RBI guidelines and host country guidelines, provisions are made at
the higher of the provisions required as per internal provisioning norms and host country regulations. Provisions on homogeneous non-performing
retail loans and advances, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of RBI, are made on the basis of the ageing of the loan. The specific
provisions on non-performing retail loans and advances held by the Bank are higher than the minimum regulatory requirements.

F-
38

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

In respect of non-retail
loans reported as fraud to RBI, the entire amount is provided over a period not exceeding four quarters starting from the quarter in which
fraud has been detected. In respect of non-retail loans where there has been delay in reporting the fraud to the RBI or which are classified
as loss accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately. In case of fraud in retail accounts, the entire amount is provided immediately.
In respect of borrowers classified as non-cooperative borrowers or willful defaulters, the Bank makes accelerated provisions as per RBI
guidelines.

The Bank holds specific
provisions against non-performing loans and advances, and against certain performing loans and advances in accordance with RBI directions.

The Bank makes provision
on restructured loans subject to minimum requirements as per RBI guidelines. Provision due to diminution in the fair value of restructured/rescheduled
loans and advances is made in accordance with the applicable RBI guidelines.

Non-performing and
restructured loans are upgraded to standard as per the extant RBI guidelines or host country regulations, as applicable.

In terms of RBI guideline,
the NPAs are written-off in accordance with the Bank’s policy. Amounts recovered against bad debts written-off are recognised in
the profit and loss account.

The Bank maintains
general provision on performing loans and advances in accordance with the RBI guidelines, including provisions on loans to borrowers having
unhedged foreign currency exposure, provisions on loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sector, provision on exposures to step-down
subsidiaries of Indian companies and provision on incremental exposure to borrowers identified as per RBI’s large exposure framework.
For performing loans and advances in overseas branches, the general provision is made at higher of aggregate provision required as per
host country regulations and RBI requirement.

In addition to the
provisions required to be held according to the asset classification status, provisions are held for individual country exposures including
indirect country risk (other than for home country exposure). The countries are categorised into seven risk categories namely insignificant,
low, moderately low, moderate, moderately high, high and very high, and provisioning is made on exposures exceeding 180 days on a graded
scale ranging from 0.25% to 25%. For exposures with contractual maturity of less than 180 days, provision is required to be held at 25%
of the rates applicable to exposures exceeding 180 days. The indirect exposure is reckoned at 50% of the exposure. If the country exposure
(net) of the Bank in respect of each country does not exceed 1% of the total funded assets, no provision is required on such country exposure.

The Bank makes additional
provisions as per RBI guidelines for the cases where viable resolution plan has not been implemented within the timelines prescribed by
the RBI from the date of default. These additional provisions are written-back on satisfying the conditions for reversal as per RBI guidelines.

The Bank, on prudent
basis, has made contingency provision on certain loan portfolios, including borrowers who had taken moratorium at any time during FY2021
under the extant RBI guidelines related to Covid-19 regulatory package. The Bank also makes additional contingency provision on certain
standard assets. The contingency provision is included in ‘Schedule 5 - Other Liabilities and Provisions’.

F-
39

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

The Bank has a Board
approved policy for making floating provision, which is in addition to the specific and general provisions made by the Bank. The floating
provision is utilised, with the approval of Board and RBI, in case of contingencies which do not arise in the normal course of business
and are exceptional and non-recurring in nature and for making specific provision for impaired loans as per the requirement of extant
RBI guidelines or any regulatory guidance/instructions. The floating provision is netted-off from advances.

ii)   In the case of the Bank’s housing finance subsidiary, loans and other credit
facilities are classified as per the Master Directions – Non Banking Financial Company – Housing Finance Companies (Reserve
Bank) Directions, 2021 issued by Reserve Bank of India (‘Master Direction’). Further, NPAs are classified into sub-standard,
doubtful and loss assets based on criteria stipulated in the Master Direction. Additional provisions are made against specific non-performing
assets over and above what is stated above, if in the opinion of management, increased provisions are necessary. General provision on
restructured loans is made as per RBI guidelines.

iii)   In the case of the Bank’s UK subsidiary, loans are stated net of allowance
for credit losses. Loans are classified as impaired and impairment losses are incurred only if there is objective evidence of impairment
as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition on the loan (a loss event) and that loss event (or events)
has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be reliably estimated. An allowance for impairment losses is maintained
at a level that management considers adequate to absorb identified credit related losses as well as losses that have occurred but have
not yet been identified.

iv)   The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary measures impairment loss on all financial assets
using expected credit loss (ECL) model based on a three-stage approach. The ECL for financial assets that are not credit-impaired and
for which there is no significant increase in credit risk since origination, is computed using 12-month probability of default (PD), and
represents the lifetime cash shortfalls that will result if a default occurs in next 12 months. The ECL for financial assets, that are
not credit-impaired but have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since origination, is computed using a life time PD, and
represents lifetime cash shortfalls that will result if a default occurs during the expected life of financial assets. A financial asset
is considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial
asset have occurred. The allowance for credit losses for impaired financial assets is computed based on individual assessment of expected
cash flows from such assets.

The total proportion of loans
for which subsidiaries have applied accounting policies different from the Bank as mentioned above, is approximately 6.08% of the total
loans at March 31, 2024.

15.   Transfer and servicing of assets

The Bank transfers commercial
and consumer loans through securitisation transactions. The transferred loans are de-recognised and gains/losses are accounted, only if
the Bank surrenders the rights to benefits specified in the underlying securitised loan contract. Recourse and servicing obligations are
accounted for net of provisions.

In accordance with the RBI
guidelines for securitisation of standard assets, with effect from February 1, 2006, the profit/premium arising from securitisation is
amortised over the life of the securities issued or to be issued by the special purpose vehicle to which the assets are sold. With effect
from May 7,

F-
40

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

2012, the RBI guidelines require the profit/premium
arising from securitisation to be amortised based on the method prescribed in the guidelines. As per the RBI guidelines issued on September
24, 2021, gain realised at the time of securitisation of loans is accounted through profit and loss account on completion of transaction.
The Bank accounts for any loss arising from securitisation immediately at the time of sale.

The unrealised gains, associated
with expected future margin income is recognised in profit and loss account on receipt of cash, after absorbing losses, if any.

Net income arising from sale
of loan assets through direct assignment with recourse obligation is amortised over the life of underlying assets sold and net income
from sale of loan assets through direct assignment, without any recourse obligation, is recognised at the time of sale. Net loss arising
on account of direct assignment of loan assets is recognised at the time of sale. As per the RBI guidelines issued on September 24, 2021,
any loss or realised gain from sale of loan assets through direct assignment is accounted through profit and loss account on completion
of transaction.

The acquired loans is carried
at acquisition cost. In case premium is paid on a loan acquired, premium is amortised over the loan tenure.

In accordance with RBI guidelines,
in case of non-performing loans sold to Asset Reconstruction Companies (ARCs), the Bank reverses the excess provision in profit and loss
account in the year in which amounts are received. Any shortfall of sale value over the net book value on sale of such assets is recognised
by the Bank in the year in which the loan is sold.

The Canadian subsidiary has
entered into securitisation arrangements in respect of its originated and purchased mortgages. ICICI Bank Canada either retains substantially
all the risk and rewards or retains control over these mortgages, hence these arrangements do not qualify for de-recognition accounting
under their local accounting standards. It continues to recognise the mortgages securitised as “Loans and Advances” and the
amounts received through securitisation are recognised as “Other borrowings”.

16.   Fixed assets (Property, Plant and Equipment)

Fixed assets, other than
premises of the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. In case
of the Bank and its housing finance subsidiary, premises are carried at revalued amount, being fair value at the date of revaluation less
accumulated depreciation. Cost includes freight, duties, taxes and incidental expenses related to the acquisition and installation of
the asset. Depreciation is charged over the estimated useful life of fixed assets on a straight-line basis. The useful life of the groups
of fixed assets for domestic group companies is based on past experience and expectation of usage, which for some categories of fixed
assets, is different from the useful life as prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013.

Assets purchased/sold during
the year are depreciated on a pro-rata basis for the actual number of days the asset has been capitalised.

The Group assets individually
costing up to ₹ 5,000/- are depreciated fully in the year of acquisition. Further, profit on sale of premises by the Bank is appropriated
to capital reserve, net of transfer to Statutory Reserve and taxes, in accordance with RBI guidelines.

In case of revalued/impaired
assets, depreciation is provided over the remaining useful life of the assets with reference to revised asset values. In case of premises,
which are carried at revalued amounts, the depreciation on the excess of revalued amount over historical cost is transferred from Revaluation
Reserve to General Reserve annually.

F-
41

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Non-banking assets

Non-banking assets (NBAs)
acquired in satisfaction of claims are valued at the market value on a distress sale basis or value of loan, whichever is lower. Further,
the Bank creates provision on these assets as per the extant RBI guidelines or specific RBI directions.

17.   Foreign exchange and derivative contracts

Derivative transactions comprises
of forward contracts, futures, swaps and options. The Group undertakes derivative transactions for trading and hedging balance sheet assets
and liabilities.

The forward exchange contracts
that are not intended for trading and are entered into to establish the amount of reporting currency required or available at the settlement
date of a transaction are effectively valued at closing spot rate. The premium or discount arising on inception of such forward exchange
contracts is amortised over the life of the contract as interest income/expense. All other outstanding forward exchange contracts are
revalued based on the exchange rates notified by FEDAI for specified maturities and at interpolated rates for contracts of interim maturities.
The contracts of longer maturities where exchange rates are not notified by FEDAI are revalued based on the forward exchange rates implied
by the swap curves in respective currencies. The resultant gains or losses are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The swap contracts entered
to hedge on-balance sheet assets and liabilities are structured such that they bear an opposite and offsetting impact with the underlying
on-balance sheet items. The impact of such derivative instruments is correlated with the movement of underlying assets and liabilities
and accounted pursuant to the principles of hedge accounting. The Group identifies the hedged item (asset or liability) at the inception
of the transaction itself. Hedge effectiveness is ascertained at the time of the inception of the hedge and periodically thereafter. Based
on RBI circular issued on June 26, 2019, the accounting of hedge relationships established after June 26, 2019 is in accordance with the
Guidance note on Accounting for Derivative Contracts issued by ICAI. The swaps under hedge relationships established prior to that date
are accounted for on an accrual basis and are not marked to market unless their underlying transaction is marked-to-market. Gains or losses
arising from hedge ineffectiveness, if any, are recognised in the profit and loss account except in the case of the Bank’s overseas
banking subsidiaries.

In overseas subsidiaries,
in case of fair value hedge, the hedging transactions and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) are measured at fair value with
changes recognised in the profit and loss account and in case of cash flow hedges, changes in the fair value of effective portion of the
cash flow hedge are taken to ‘Revenue and other reserves’ and ineffective portion, if any, are recognised in the profit and
loss account.

The derivative contracts
entered into for trading purposes are marked to market and the resulting gain or loss is accounted for in the profit and loss account.
Marked to market values of such derivatives are classified as assets when the fair value is positive or as liabilities when the fair value
is negative. Premium for Foreign currency/ Indian rupees option transaction is recognised as income/expense on expiry or early termination
of the transaction. Mark to market gain/loss (adjusted for premium received/paid on options contracts) is recorded in the profit and loss
account. The gain or loss arising on unwinding or termination of the contracts, is accounted for in the Profit and Loss account. Currency
futures contracts are marked to market using daily settlement price on a trading day, which is the closing price of the respective futures
contracts on that day. Pursuant to RBI guidelines, any receivables under derivative contracts which remain overdue for more than 90 days
and mark-to-market gains on other derivative contracts with the same counter-parties are reversed through the profit and loss account.

F-
42

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

18.   Impairment of assets

The immovable fixed assets
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
An asset is treated as impaired when its carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The impairment is recognised by debiting the
profit and loss account and is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the impaired assets exceeds their recoverable value.
The Bank and its housing finance subsidiary follows revaluation model of accounting for its premises and the recoverable amount of the
revalued assets is considered to be close to its revalued amount. Accordingly, separate assessment for impairment of premises is not required.

For assets other than premises,
the Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. Impairment loss, if any,
is provided in the profit and loss account to the extent the carrying amount of assets exceeds their estimated recoverable amount.

19.   Lease transactions

Lease payments including
cost escalations for assets taken on operating lease are recognised as an expense in the profit and loss account over the lease term on
straight line basis. The leases of property, plant and equipment, where substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership are transferred
to the Bank are classified as finance lease. Minimum lease payments under finance lease are apportioned between the finance costs and
outstanding liability.

20.   Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share
is calculated by dividing the net profit or loss after tax for the year attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted average number
of equity shares outstanding for the year.

Diluted earnings per share
reflect the potential dilution that could occur if contracts to issue equity shares were exercised or converted during the year. Diluted
earnings per equity share is computed using the weighted average number of equity shares and dilutive potential equity shares issued by
the group outstanding during the year, except where the results are anti-dilutive.

21.   Bullion transaction

The Bank deals in bullion
business on a consignment basis. The bullion is priced to the customers based on the price quoted by the supplier. The difference between
price recovered from customers and cost of bullion is accounted for as commission at the time of sales to the customers. The Bank also
deals in bullion on a borrowing and lending basis and the interest expense/income is accounted on accrual basis.

22.   Share issue expenses

Share issue expenses are
deducted from Securities Premium Account in terms of Section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013.

23.   Segment Reporting

The disclosure related to
segment information is in accordance with AS-17, Segment Reporting and as per guidelines issued by RBI.

F-
43

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

SCHEDULE 18: NOTES FORMING PART OF THE ACCOUNTS

A. The following additional disclosures
have been made taking into account the requirements of Accounting Standards (ASs) and Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guidelines.

1.

Earnings per share

Basic and diluted earnings
per equity share are computed in accordance with AS 20 - Earnings per share. Basic earnings per equity share is computed by dividing net
profit/(loss) after tax by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per equity share
is computed using the weighted average number of equity shares and weighted average number of dilutive potential equity shares outstanding
during the year.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the computation of earnings per share.

Rs. in million, except per share data
Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Net profit/(loss) attributable to equity shareholders used in computation of Basic and Diluted EPS   442,563.7   340,366.4
Nominal value per share (Rs.)   2.00   2.00
Basic earnings per share (Rs.)   63.19   48.86
Effect of potential equity shares (Rs.)   (1.23)   (1.02)
Diluted earnings per share (Rs.) 1   61.96   47.84
Reconciliation between weighted shares used in computation of basic and diluted earnings per share
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding used in computation of Basic EPS   7,003,943,116   6,966,305,957
Add: Effect of potential equity shares   128,245,813   138,684,400
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding used in computation of Diluted EPS   7,132,188,929   7,104,990,357

1.The dilutive impact is due to options granted
to employees by the Group.

F-
44

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

2.

 Related party transactions

The Group has transactions with its related parties
comprising associates/other related entities and key management personnel and relatives of key management personnel.

I.   Related parties

Associates/other related entities

Sr. no.   Name of the entity   Nature of relationship
1.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   Associate 1
2.   Arteria Technologies Private Limited   Associate
3.   India Advantage Fund-III   Associate
4.   India Advantage Fund-IV   Associate
5.   India Infradebt Limited   Associate
6.   ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   Associate
7.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   Associate 2
8.   NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited   Associate
9.   Comm Trade Services Limited   Other related entity
10.   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   Other related entity
11.   Cheryl Advisory Private Limited   Other related entity

1.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the
Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

2.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank
w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f March 22, 2024.

Key management personnel

Sr. no.   Name of the Key management personnel   Relatives of the Key management personnel
1.   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   · Ms. Mona Bakhshi · Mr. Shivam Bakhshi · Ms. Aishwarya Bakshi · Ms. Esha Bakhshi · Ms. Minal Bakhshi · Mr. Sameer Bakhshi · Mr. Ritwik Thakurta · Mr. Ashwin Pradhan · Ms. Radhika Bakhshi
2.   Mr. Anup Bagchi (up to April 30, 2023)   · Ms. Mitul Bagchi · Mr. Aditya Bagchi · Mr. Shishir Bagchi · Mr. Arun Bagchi
3.   Mr. Sandeep Batra   · Mr. Pranav Batra · Ms. Arushi Batra · Mr. Vivek Batra · Ms. Veena Batra
4.   Mr. Rakesh Jha (w.e.f September 2, 2022)   · Mr. Narendra Kumar Jha · Mr. Navin Ahuja

F-
45

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Sr. no.   Name of the Key management personnel   Relatives of the Key management personnel
· Mr. Sharad Bansal · Ms. Aparna Ahuja · Ms. Apoorva Jha Bansal · Ms. Pushpa Jha · Ms. Sanjali Jha · Ms. Swati Jha
5.   Ms. Vishakha Mulye (up to May 31, 2022)   · Mr. Vivek Mulye · Ms. Vriddhi Mulye · Mr. Vighnesh Mulye · Dr. Gauresh Palekar · Ms. Shalaka Gadekar · Dr. Nivedita Palekar
6.   Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta (w.e.f March 15, 2024)   · Dr. Shabnam Gupta · Mr. Akhil Gupta · Mr. Aneesh Gupta · Mr. Ashok Gupta · Mr. Vinay Gupta · Ms. Aparna Gupta · Ms. Madhu Gupta · Ms. Rita Agarwal · Ms. Shanti Gupta · Shyam Lall Gupta HUF

II.   Transactions with related parties

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the significant transactions between the Group and its related parties.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Interest income   380.2   438.0
Associates/others   379.3   434.8
Key management personnel   0.9   3.2
Income from services rendered   1,589.2   1,422.7
Associates/others   1,588.4   1,419.9
Key management personnel   0.6   0.9
Relatives of key management personnel   0.2   1.9
Gain/(loss) on forex and derivative transactions (net)   61.6   50.8
Associates/others   61.6   50.8
Income from shared services   243.4   326.5
Associates/others   243.4   326.5
Dividend income   2,582.9   2,347.1
Associates/others   2,582.9   2,347.1

F-
46

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Insurance claims received   40.1   163.0
Associates/others   40.1   163.0
Interest expense   218.0   225.7
Associates/others   193.8   205.2
Key management personnel   14.4   15.3
Relatives of key management personnel   9.8   5.2
Expenses for services received   13,043.6   15,702.6
Associates/others   13,043.6   15,702.6
Insurance premium paid   3,288.0   3,544.6
Associates/others   3,288.0   3,544.6
Expenses for shared services and other payments   5.0   0.8
Associates/others   5.0   0.8
Insurance claims, surrenders and annuities paid   44.1   19.0
Associates/others   43.6   18.5
Key management personnel   0.5   0.5
CSR related reimbursement of expenses   5,170.0   4,441.1
Associates/others   5,170.0   4,441.1
Donation given   712.3   564.5
Associates/others   712.3   564.5
Volume of fixed deposits placed   11,834.1   7,076.0
Associates/others   11,718.6   6,916.7
Key management personnel   84.9   133.5
Relatives of key management personnel   30.6   25.8
Purchase of investments   3,904.1   1,634.0
Associates/others   3,904.1   1,634.0
Sale of Investments   23,777.9   31,667.3
Associates/others   23,777.9   31,667.3
Investments in the securities issued by related parties   20,937.8   1,850.0
Associates/others   20,937.8   1,850.0
Issuance of securities to related parties   ..   1,000.0
Associates/others   ..   1,000.0
Redemption/buyback of Investments by related parties   2,500.0   1,615.5

F-
47

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Associates/others   2,500.0   1,615.5
Purchase of fixed assets   1.7   3.4
Associates/others   1.7   3.4
Forex/swaps/derivatives and forwards transactions entered (notional value)   6,939.8   6,619.8
Associates/others   6,939.8   6,619.8
Guarantees/letters of credit given by the Group   0.1   5.0
Associates/others   0.1   5.0
Insurance premium received   49.4   58.7
Associates/others   48.7   55.3
Key management personnel   0.3   2.6
Relatives of key management personnel   0.4   0.8
Remuneration to wholetime directors 1   287.0   336.6
Key management personnel   287.0   336.6
Dividend paid   5.2   3.9
Key management personnel   4.3   3.2
Relatives of key management personnel   0.9   0.7
Value of ESOPs exercised   86.3   306.2
Key management personnel   86.3   306.2
Sale of fixed assets   ..   0.2
Key management personnel   ..   0.2

1.   Excludes the perquisite value on employee stock options exercised and includes performance bonus paid
during the period.

III.   Material transactions with related parties

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the material transactions between the Group and its related parties. A specific related party transaction
is disclosed as a material related party transaction wherever it exceeds 10% of all related party transactions in that category.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Interest income
1   India Infradebt Limited   365.5   421.2
Income from services rendered
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   1,445.6   1,267.5
Gain/(loss) on forex and derivative transactions (net)
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   61.6   50.8
Income from shared services

F-
48

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   169.6   262.0
2   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   27.0   27.2
3   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   36.6   37.2
Dividend income
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   2,476.4   2,240.5
Insurance claims received
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   40.1   163.0
Interest expense
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   116.5   140.5
2   ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   17.9   25.9
Expenses for services received
1   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   10,885.4   10,406.6
2   ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   2,085.4   5,226.6
Insurance Premium paid
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   3,288.0   3,544.6
Expenses for shared services and other payments
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   5.0   0.8
Insurance claims paid
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   42.5   16.2
2   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   1.1   2.3
CSR related reimbursement of expenses
1   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   5,170.0   4,441.1
Donation given
1   ICICI Foundation for Inclusive Growth   712.3   564.5
Volume of fixed deposits placed
1   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   5,952.9   4,548.7
2   ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   5,330.0   2,000.0
Purchase of investments
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   3,904.1   1,634.0
Sale of Investments
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   16,160.8   24,647.6
2   India Infradebt Limited   7,617.1   7,019.7
Investments in the securities issued by related parties
1   India Infradebt Limited   20,937.8   1,850.0
Issuance of securities to related parties
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   ..   1,000.0
Redemption/buyback of investments by related parties
1   India Infradebt Limited   2,500.0   ..

F-
49

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
2   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   ..   1,615.5
Purchase of fixed assets
1   Arteria Technologies Private Limited   1.7   3.2
Forex/swaps/derivatives and forwards transactions entered (notional value)
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   6,289.9   5,933.3
Guarantees/letters of credit given by the Group
1   NIIT Institute of Finance, Banking and Insurance Training Limited   0.1   2.3
2   Arteria Technologies Private Limited   ..   2.7
Insurance premium received
1   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   47.2   54.1
Remuneration to wholetime directors
1   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   99.7   95.7
2   Mr. Sandeep Batra   86.7   85.3
3   Mr. Rakesh Jha   84.0   45.9
4   Mr. Anup Bagchi   13.7   86.5
5   Mr. Ajay Kumar Gupta   2.9   N.A.
6   Ms. Vishakha Mulye   N.A   23.2
Dividend paid
1   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   2.2   1.8
2   Mr. Sandeep Batra   1.4   0.6
3   Mr. Rakesh Jha   0.7   0.7
4   Mr. Anup Bagchi   ..   0.0
5   Mr. Shivam Bakhshi   0.3   0.4
Value of ESOPs exercised
1   Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi   34.5   27.2
2   Mr. Sandeep Batra   13.3   22.0
3   Mr. Rakesh Jha   38.5   ..
4   Mr. Anup Bagchi   ..   183.2
5   Ms. Vishakha Mulye   N.A   73.8
Sale of fixed assets
1   Mr. Rakesh Jha   ..   0.1
2   Ms. Vishakha Mulye   N.A   0.1

1.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

IV.  Related party outstanding balances

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the outstanding balances payable to/receivable from related parties.

Rs. in million
Items   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Deposits accepted   2,518.0   2,960.0
Associates/others   2,023.1   2,603.0

F-
50

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Items   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Key management personnel   350.8   260.7
Relatives of key management personnel   144.1   96.3
Payables   3,159.4   3,718.3
Associates/others   3,158.4   3,716.9
Key management personnel   0.2   0.4
Relatives of key management personnel   0.8   1.0
Investments of the Group   11,736.7   24,863.5
Associates/others   11,736.7   24,863.5
Investments of related parties in the Group   8.5   1,601.3
Associates/others   ..   1,600.0
Key management personnel   2.5   1.1
Relatives of key management personnel   6.0   0.2
Advances by the Group   192.6   277.4
Associates/others   123.0   191.3
Key management personnel   68.8   85.7
Relatives of key management personnel   0.8   0.4
Receivables   238.6   1,538.9
Associates/others   238.6   1,538.9
Relatives of key management personnel   0.0   ..
Guarantees issued by the Group   60.2   63.1
Associates/others   60.2   63.1

1.   0.0 represents insignificant amount.

V. Related party maximum balances

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the maximum balances payable to/receivable from related parties.

Rs. in million
Items   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Deposits accepted
Key management personnel   351.2   420.7
Relatives of key management personnel   144.1   266.6
Payables 2
Key management personnel   1.5   0.4
Relatives of key management personnel   0.9   1.0
Investments of related parties in the Group 2
Key management personnel   2.5   1.9
Relatives of key management personnel   6.0   0.3
Advances by the Group
Key management personnel   85.7   139.2
Relatives of key management personnel   2.5   2.3

F-
51

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Items   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Receivables 2
Relatives of key management personnel   0.0   ..

1. 0.0 represents insignificant amount.

2. Maximum balance is determined based on comparison of the total outstanding
balances at each quarter end during the financial year.

3.

Employee Stock Option Scheme (ESOS)/ Employees Stock Unit Scheme - 2022 (ESUS 2022)

ICICI Bank:

In terms of the ESOS, as
amended, the maximum number of options granted to any eligible employee in a financial year shall not exceed 0.05% of the issued equity
shares of the Bank at the time of grant of the options and aggregate of all such options granted to the eligible employees shall not exceed
10.0% of the aggregate number of the issued equity shares of the Bank on the date(s) of the grant of options in line with SEBI Regulations.
Under the stock option scheme, eligible employees are entitled to apply for equity shares. In April 2016, exercise period was modified
from 10 years from the date of grant or five years from the date of vesting, whichever is later, to 10 years from the date of vesting.
In June 2017, exercise period was further modified to not exceed 10 years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by
the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee to be applicable for future grants. In May 2018, exercise period was further
modified to not exceed five years from the date of vesting of options as may be determined by the Board Governance, Remuneration &
Nomination Committee to be applicable for future grants.

Options granted after March
2014 vest in a graded manner over a three-year period with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end
of 12 months from the date of grant other than certain options granted in April 2014 which vested to the extent of 50% on April 30, 2017
and the balance on April 30, 2018 and option granted in September 2015 which vested to the extent of 50% on April 30, 2018 and balance
50% vested on April 30, 2019. Options granted in January 2018 vested at the end of four years from the date of grant. Certain options
granted on May 2018, vested to the extent of 50% on May 2021 and balance 50% on May 2022.

Options granted prior to
March 2014 except mentioned below, vested in a graded manner over a four-year period, with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of the grants vesting
in each year, commencing from the end of 12 months from the date of grant. Options granted in April 2009 vested in a graded manner over
a five-year period with 20%, 20%, 30% and 30% of grant vesting each year, commencing from the end of 24 months from the date of grant.
Options granted in September 2011 vested in a graded manner over a five-year period with 15%, 20%, 20% and 45% of grant vesting each year,
commencing from the end of 24 months from the date of the grant.

The exercise price of the
Bank’s options, except mentioned below, is the last closing price on the stock exchange, which recorded highest trading volume preceding
the date of grant of options. In February 2011, the Bank granted 16,692,500 options to eligible employees and whole-time Directors of
the Bank and certain of its subsidiaries at an exercise price of Rs. 175.82. This exercise price was the average closing price on the
stock exchange during the six months ended October 28, 2010. Of these options granted, 50% vested on April 30, 2014 and the balance 50%
vested on April 30, 2015.

The Board of Directors of the Bank at its Meeting
held on June 28, 2022, approved the adoption of Employees Stock Unit Scheme - 2022 (Scheme 2022), which was subsequently approved by the
shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on August 30, 2022.

F-
52

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

As per the Scheme, maximum
of 100,000,000 Units, shall be granted in one or more tranches over a period of seven years from the date of approval of the Scheme 2022
by the shareholders. The maximum number of Units granted to any eligible employee shall not exceed 20,000 units in any financial year
and 0.14% of the total units available for grant over a period of seven years from the date of approval of the Unit Scheme by the shareholders.

Units granted under the Scheme 2022 shall vest
not later than the maximum vesting period of four years. Exercise price shall be the face value of equity shares of the Bank i.e., Rs.
2 for each unit (as adjusted for any changes in capital structure of the Bank).

Units granted under the scheme
vest in a graded manner over a three-year period with 30%, 30% and 40% of the grant vesting in each year, commencing from the end of 13
months from the date of grant. Exercise period of units is five years from the date of vesting, or such shorter period as may be determined
by the Board Governance, Remuneration & Nomination Committee for each grant.

The weighted average fair
value, based on Black-Scholes model, of options granted during the year ended March 31, 2024 was Rs. 340.59 (year ended March 31,
2023: Rs. 291.15) and of units granted during the year ended March 31, 2024 was ₹ 879.43.

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options granted.

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Risk-free interest rate   6.88% to 7.32%   5.99% to 7.37%
Expected term   3.23 to 5.23 years   3.23 to 5.23 years
Expected volatility   24.78% to 37.41%   34.79% to 38.98%
Expected dividend yield   0.56% to 0.85%   0.27% to 0.72%

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of units granted.

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024
Risk-free interest rate   6.82% to 6.94%
Expected term   1.58 to 3.58 years
Expected volatility   23.63% to 36.56%
Expected dividend yield   0.56%

Risk-free interest rates over the expected term
of the option/units are based on the government securities yield in effect at the time of the grant. The expected term of an option/units
is estimated based on the vesting term as well as expected exercise behavior of the employees who receive the option/units. Expected exercise
behavior is estimated based on the historical stock option exercise pattern of the Bank. Expected volatility during the estimated expected
term of the option/units is based on historical volatility determined based on observed market prices of the Bank’s publicly traded equity
shares. Expected dividends during the estimated expected term of the option/units are based on recent dividend activity.

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the summary of the status of the Bank’s stock option plan.

F-
53

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. except number of options
Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   225,025,803   361.60   237,197,999   310.82
Add: Granted during the year   14,635,600   894.95   25,793,500   747.92
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   1,410,025   728.44   3,921,340   568.36
Less: Exercised during the year   39,519,912   296.27   34,044,356   276.72
Outstanding at the end of the year   198,731,466   411.26   225,025,803   361.60
Options exercisable   159,296,026   324.55   172,938,533   289.69

The following table sets forth, the summary of
stock options outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (Number of years)
60-199   4,012,005   161.88   1.25
200-399   115,605,713   267.72   3.54
400-599   42,086,634   483.18   3.22
600-799   22,668,214   747.64   5.20
800-899   14,358,900   894.81   6.16

The following table sets forth, the summary of
stock options outstanding at March 31, 2023.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (Number of years)
60-199   7,202,993   160.84   1.85
200-399   145,129,078   267.52   4.37
400-599   48,347,432   479.32   4.15
600-799   24,274,900   747.62   6.17
800-899   71,400   862.88   6.58

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the summary of the status of the Bank’s stock unit plan.

F-
54

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. except number of options
Particulars   Stock units outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Number of units   Weighted average exercise price   Number of units   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year   4,419,670   2.00   ..   ..
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   228,860   2.00   ..   ..
Less: Exercised during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   4,190,810   2.00   ..   ..
Units exercisable   2,700   2.00   ..   ..

At March 31, 2024, the weighted average remaining
contractual life of stock units outstanding was 6.24 years.

The options were exercised
regularly throughout the period and weighted average share price as per National Stock Exchange price volume data during the year ended
March 31, 2024 was Rs. 972.60 (Year ended March 31, 2023: Rs. 832.00).

ICICI Life:

ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited has formulated ESOS for their employees. There was no compensation cost for the year ended March 31, 2024 based on the
intrinsic value of options.

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

Rs. except number of options
Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   23,942,115   435.18   20,184,630   404.87
Add: Granted during the year   7,215,300   448.95   5,227,730   541.00
Less: Forfeited/lapsed during the year   613,390   485.02   199,690   461.18
Less: Exercised during the year   2,094,015   394.28   1,270,555   384.94
Outstanding at the end of the year   28,450,010   440.61   23,942,115   435.18
Options exercisable   16,332,549   415.08   13,559,815   395.34

F-
55

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

The following table sets
forth, summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2024.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
300-399   7,363,410   379.67   2.36
400-499   15,904,970   435.91   5.09
500-599   5,127,130   540.79   5.12
600-699   54,500   619.43   4.87

The following table sets
forth, summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2023.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
300-399   8,825,615   379.70   3.20
400-499   9,896,370   428.41   5.27
500-599   5,165,630   541.00   6.10
600-699   54,500   619.43   5.06

ICICI General
1
:

ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
has formulated ESOS for their employees. There was no compensation cost for the year ended March 31, 2024 based on the intrinsic value
of options.

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

Rs.
except
number of options

Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2024
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   12,646,890   1,398.39
Add: Granted during the year   4,527,220   1,115.92
Less: Forfeited/lapsed during the year   1,074,224   1,276.98
Less: Exercised during the year   1,563,002   1,055.30
Outstanding at the end of the year   14,536,884   1,074.44
Options exercisable   5,497,000   888.94

The following table sets forth, summary of stock
options outstanding of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2024.

F-
56

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Range of exercise price ( Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
700-800   1,105,080   715.15   2.45
800-1100   1,540,310   1,086.85   2.05
1100-1200   4,038,370   1,104.10   6.05
1200-1300   1,924,840   1,235.15   3.11
1300-1400   3,439,304   1,363.10   5.41
1400-1500   2,348,980   1,417.15   4.05
1500-1600   40,000   1,589.70   5.10
1600-1700   100,000   1,639.25   6.90

1.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the
Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

ICICI Securities:

ICICI Securities Limited
has formulated ESOS and ESUS 2022 for their employees. There was no compensation cost for the year ended March 31, 2024 based on the intrinsic
value of options.

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, a summary of the status of the stock option plan of ICICI Securities Limited.

Rs. except number of options
Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Number of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   4,146,544   445.94   2,939,279   342.43
Add: Granted during the year   2,568,250   473.28   1,657,700   624.68
Less: Forfeited/lapsed during the year   165,680   544.97   263,980   514.77
Less: Exercised during the year   489,029   349.77   186,455   305.89
Outstanding at the end of the year   6,060,085   462.58   4,146,544   445.94
Options exercisable   2,266,545   382.85   1,588,294   306.03

The following table sets
forth, summary of stock options outstanding of ICICI Securities Limited at March 31, 2024.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
200-249   505,550   221.45   2.06

F-
57

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

250-299   37,730   256.55   1.55
350-399   994,940   361.00   3.10
400-449   625,410   424.60   4.05
450-499   2,362,550   465.10   6.05
500-549   4,700   512.10   5.80
600-649   1,529,205   624.94   5.17

The following table sets forth, summary of stock
options outstanding of ICICI Securities Limited at March 31, 2023.

Range of exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of shares arising out of options   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Weighted average remaining contractual life (number of years)
200-249   696,230   221.45   3.10
250-299   37,730   256.55   2.98
350-399   1,127,904   361.00   4.13
400-449   749,880   424.60   5.10
500-549   4,700   512.10   6.81
600-649   1,523,800   625.00   6.05
750-799   6,300   774.60   5.30

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, a summary of the status of the stock unit plan of ICICI Securities Limited.

Rs. except number of options
Particulars   Stock options outstanding
Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Number of units   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)   Number of units   Weighted average exercise price (Rs. per share)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year   800,990   5.00   ..   ..
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   92,770   5.00   ..   ..
Less: Exercised during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   708,220   5.00   ..   ..
Options exercisable   ..   ..   ..   ..

At March 31, 2024, the weighted average remaining
contractual life of stock units outstanding was 6.13 years.

4.

Fixed assets

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, the movement in software acquired by the Group, as included in fixed assets.

F-
58

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
At cost at March 31 of preceding year   36,232.4   33,010.5
Add: Adjustments 1,2   8,307.6   ..
Adjusted cost at March 31   44,540.0   33,010.5
Additions during the year   7,555.5   5,480.1
Deductions during the year   (876.3)   (2,258.2)
Depreciation to date   (37,492.7)   (26,065.1)
Net block   13,726.5   10,167.3

1.   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the
Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

2.   I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank
w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024.

5.

Assets on lease

5.1       Assets
taken under operating lease

Operating leases primarily comprise office premises
which are renewable at the option of the Group.

(i) The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the details of liability for premises taken on non-cancellable operating leases.

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Not later than one year   992.7   924.1
Later than one year and not later than five years   2,462.6   1,443.2
Later than five years   2,375.1   396.2
Total   5,830.4   2,763.5

(ii) Total of non-cancellable lease
payments recognised in the profit and loss account for the year ended March 31, 2024 is Rs. 1,540.5 million (year ended March 31, 2023
Rs. 1,064.3 million).

5.2   Assets taken under finance lease

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the details of assets taken on finance leases.

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
A. Total minimum lease payments outstanding
Not later than one year   249.8   271.3
Later than one year and not later than five years   359.9   596.1
Later than five years   0.2   14.9
Total   609.9   882.3
B. Interest cost payable
Not later than one year   42.6   70.0
Later than one year and not later than five years   41.1   83.3
Later than five years   ..   0.5

F-
59

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Total   83.7   153.8
C. Present value of minimum lease payments payable (A-B)
Not later than one year   207.2   201.3
Later than one year and not later than five years   318.8   512.8
Later than five years   0.2   14.4
Total   526.2   728.5

5.3   Assets given under finance lease

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the details of finance leases.

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Future minimum lease receipts
Present value of lease receipts   34.3   50.2
Unmatured finance charges   0.8   2.0
Sub total   35.1   52.2
Less: collective provision   (0.1)   (0.2)
Total   35.0   52.0
Maturity profile of future minimum lease receipts
- Not later than one year   35.1   19.0
- Later than one year and not later than five years   0.0   33.2
- Later than five years   ..   ..
Total   35.1   52.2
Less: collective provision   (0.1)   (0.2)
Total   35.0   52.0

Maturity profile of present value of lease rentals

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the details of maturity profile of present value of finance lease receipts.

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Maturity profile of future present value of finance lease receipts
- Not later than one year   34.3   17.7
- Later than one year and not later than five years   ..   32.5
- Later than five years   ..   ..
Total   34.3   50.2
Less: collective provision   (0.1)   (0.2)
Total   34.2   50.0

F-
60

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

6.

 Provisions and contingencies

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the break-up of provisions and contingencies included in the profit and loss account.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Provision for depreciation of investments 1   7,049.6   13,917.0
Provision towards non-performing and other assets   9,635.7   (3,653.5)
Provision towards income tax
a) Current   136,933.0   114,564.4
b) Deferred   17,343.2   3,370.0
Other provisions and contingencies 2,3   20,438.8   59,135.7
Total provisions and contingencies   191,400.3   187,333.6

1.   During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Group made a provision of Rs . 5,105.0
million against its investments in Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) as per RBI circular dated December 19, 2023.

2.   No contingency provision was made by the Bank during year ended March 31, 2024 (year ended March 31, 2023: Rs. 56,500.0 million).

3.   Includes general provision made towards standard assets, provision made on fixed assets acquired under debt-asset swap and non-fund
based facilities.

The Group has assessed
its obligations arising in the normal course of business, including pending litigations, proceedings pending with tax authorities and
other contracts including derivative and long-term contracts. In accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standard - 29 on ‘Provisions,
Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets’, the Group recognises a provision for material foreseeable losses when it has a present
obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, in respect
of which a reliable estimate can be made. In cases where the available information indicates that the loss on the contingency is reasonably
possible or the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated, a disclosure to this effect is made as contingent liabilities in the financial
statements. The Group does not expect the outcome of these proceedings to have a materially adverse effect on its financial results. For
insurance contracts booked in its life insurance subsidiary, reliance has been placed on the Appointed Actuary for actuarial valuation
of ‘liabilities for policies in force’. The Appointed Actuary has confirmed that the assumptions used in valuation of
liabilities for policies in force are in accordance with the guidelines and norms issued by the IRDAI and the Institute of Actuaries of
India in concurrence with the IRDAI.

7.

Employee benefits

Pension

The following tables
set forth, for the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other
details for pension benefits.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Opening obligations   18,429.1   18,661.0

F-
61

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Service cost   114.8   151.7
Interest cost   1,314.0   1,150.6
Actuarial (gain)/loss   (11.5)   758.2
Past service cost   306.9 1   ..
Liabilities extinguished on settlement   (2,137.9)   (2,192.6)
Benefits paid   (95.5)   (99.8)
Obligations at the end of year   17,919.9   18,429.1
Opening plan assets, at fair value   18,190.2   19,843.3
Expected return on plan assets   1,361.0   1,522.0
Actuarial gain/(loss)   439.5   (682.0)
Assets distributed on settlement   (2,375.4)   (2,436.2)
Contributions   401.7   42.9
Benefits paid   (95.5)   (99.8)
Closing plan assets, at fair value   17,921.5   18,190.2
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year   17,921.5   18,190.2
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (17,919.9)   (18,429.1)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in Para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..
Asset/(liability)   1.6   (238.9)
Cost 2
Service cost   114.8   151.7
Interest cost   1,314.0   1,150.6
Expected return on plan assets   (1,361.0)   (1,522.0)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   (451.0)   1,440.2
Past service cost   306.9 1   ..
Curtailments & settlements (gain)/loss   237.5   243.6
Effect of the limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’   ..   (401.9)
Net cost   161.2   1,062.2
Actual return on plan assets   1,800.5   840.0
Expected employer’s contribution next year   400.0   1,000.0
Investment details of plan assets
Government of India securities   41.46%   41.74%
Corporate bonds   46.59%   48.30%
Equity securities in listed companies   9.35%   7.08%
Others   2.60%   2.88%
Assumptions

F-
62

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Discount rate   7.20%   7.30%
Salary escalation rate:
On Basic pay   1.50%   1.50%
On Dearness relief   8.00%   8.00%
Estimated rate of return on plan assets   7.50%   7.50%

1.   Represents impact towards dearness allowance neutralization as per IBA notification dated October 16,
2023.

2.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule 16 -
                                                           Operating expenses.

Estimated rate of return
on plan assets is based on the expected average long-term rate of return on investments of the Fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

Experience adjustment

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022   Year ended March 31, 2021   Year ended March 31, 2020
Fair value of plan assets   17,921.5   18,190.2   19,843.3   21,162.2   16,972.1
Defined benefit obligations   (17,919.9)   (18,429.1)   (18,661.0)   (20,265.6)   (19,914.3)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..   (401.9)   (304.8)   ..
Surplus/(deficit)   1.6   (238.9)   780.4   591.8   (2,942.2)
Experience adjustment on plan assets   439.5   (682.0)   (331.9)   521.9   741.1
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   (227.0)   805.8   809.0   613.4   2,186.1

Gratuity

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other
details for gratuity benefits of the Group.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Opening obligations   18,896.8   16,895.1
Add: Adjustment for exchange fluctuation on opening obligation   2.4   12.2
Add: Adjustment 1,2   1,695.1   ..
Adjusted obligations   20,594.3   16,907.3
Service cost   1,915.7   1,643.8
Interest cost   1,435.5   1,166.7

F-
63

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Actuarial (gain)/loss   1,246.5   1,108.1
Past service cost   ..   (72.2)
Liability transferred from/to other companies   13.9   20.9
Benefits paid   (1,785.0)   (1,877.8)
Obligations at the end of the year   23,420.9   18,896.8
Opening plan assets, at fair value   17,061.6   16,738.3
Add: Adjustment 1,2   1,608.9   ..
Adjusted plan assets at fair value   18,670.5   16,738.3
Expected return on plan assets   1,238.9   1,197.7
Actuarial gain/(loss)   870.5   (577.3)
Contributions   3,932.8   1,544.4
Assets transferred from/to other companies   13.9   36.5
Benefits paid   (1,778.1)   (1,877.8)
Closing plan assets, at fair value   22,948.5   17,061.6
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year   22,948.5   17,061.6
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (23,420.9)   (18,896.8)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..
Asset/(liability)   (472.4)   (1,835.2)
Cost 3
Service cost   1,915.7   1,643.8
Interest cost   1,435.5   1,166.7
Expected return on plan assets   (1,238.9)   (1,197.7)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   376.1   1,685.4
Past service cost   ..   (72.2)
Exchange fluctuation loss/(gain)   2.4   12.2
Effect of the limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’   ..   ..
Net cost   2,490.8   3,238.2
Actual return on plan assets   2,109.3   620.4
Expected employer’s contribution next year   1,731.0   1,731.0
Investment details of plan assets
Insurer managed funds   21.85%   9.97%
Government of India securities   30.73%   30.07%
Corporate bonds   34.90%   42.87%
Equity   11.23%   15.04%
Others   1.29%   2.05%
Assumptions
Discount rate   7.15%-7.25%   7.30%-7.50%
Salary escalation rate   7.00%-10.00%   7.00%-10.00%

F-
64

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Estimated rate of return on plan assets   7.00%-7.50%   7.00%-8.00%

1
.
ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

2
.
I-Process
Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024.

3. Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’
of Schedule 16 - Operating expenses.

Estimated rate of return on plan assets
is based on the expected average long-term rate of return on investments of the Fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

Experience adjustment

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022   Year ended March 31, 2021   Year ended March 31, 2020
Fair value of plan assets   22,948.5   17,061.6   16,738.3   16,541.6   13,636.8
Defined benefit obligations   (23,420.9)   (18,896.8)   (16,895.1)   (16,954.5)   (15,743.6)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b) of AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’)   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Surplus/(deficit)   (472.4)   (1,835.2)   (156.8)   (412.9)   (2,106.8)
Experience adjustment on plan assets   870.5   (577.3)   (33.1)   892.1   (167.4)
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   1,211.4   869.4   464.7   (548.2)   253.6

The estimates of
future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take into consideration inflation, seniority, promotion and other relevant
factors.

Provident Fund (PF)

The Group does
not have any liability towards interest rate guarantee on exempt provident fund on the basis of actuarial valuation, the Group has not
made any provision for the year ended March 31, 2024 (year ended March 31, 2023: Nil).

The following tables
set forth, for the periods indicated, movement of the present value of the defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets and other
details for provident fund of the Group.

F-
65

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Opening obligations   55,367.7   49,411.5
Less: Adjustments 1   ..   (655.3)
Adjusted balance   55,367.7   48,756.2
Service cost   3,381.8   2,747.6
Interest cost   4,237.9   3,367.1
Actuarial (gain)/loss   919.2   1,032.8
Employees contribution   5,726.7   4,707.4
Liability transferred from/to other companies   1,169.0   805.2
Benefits paid   (5,782.3)   (6,048.6)
Obligations at end of the year   65,020.0   55,367.7
Opening plan assets, at fair value   56,128.1   50,656.3
Less: Adjustments 1   ..   (407.5)
Adjusted balance   56,128.1   50,248.8
Expected return on plan assets   4,613.3   4,100.3
Actuarial gain/(loss)   1,400.7   (432.8)
Employer contributions   3,381.8   2,747.6
Employees contributions   5,726.6   4,707.4
Assets transfer from/to other companies   1,169.0   805.4
Benefits paid   (5,782.3)   (6,048.6)
Closing plan assets, at fair value   66,637.2   56,128.1
Plan assets at the end of the year   66,637.2   56,128.1
Present value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year   (65,020.0)   (55,367.7)
Amount not recognised as an asset (Limit in para 59(b) of AS-15 on ‘employee benefits’) 2   (1,617.2)   (760.4)
Asset/(liability)   ..   ..
Cost 3
Service cost   3,381.8   2,747.6
Interest cost   4,237.9   3,367.1
Expected return on plan assets   (4,613.3)   (4,100.3)
Actuarial (gain)/loss   (481.6)   1,465.6
Effect of limit in para 59(b) 2   856.9   (732.4)
Net cost   3,381.7   2,747.6
Actual return on plan assets   6,014.0   3,667.5
Expected employer’s contribution next year   3,650.8   2,965.9

F-
66

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Investment details of plan assets
Government of India securities   54.37%   55.20%
Corporate Bonds   33.57%   34.83%
Special deposit scheme   0.81%   0.96%
Others   11.25%   9.01%
Assumptions
Discount rate   7.15%-7.20%   7.35%-7.40%
Expected rate of return on assets   7.84%-8.43%   7.97%-8.76%
Discount rate for the remaining term to maturity of investments   7.20%-7.25%   7.40%-7.60%
Average historic yield on the investment   7.84%-8.53%   8.01%-8.96%
Guaranteed rate of return   8.25%-8.25%   8.15%-8.15%

1. During the year ended March 31, 2023,
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited realised and transferred assets and liabilities of Employee Provident Fund Trust to Central Provident
Fund.

2. Pursuant to revised Guidance Note
29 on “Valuation of Interest Rate Guarantees on Exempt Provident Funds under AS 15 (Revised)” issued by the Institute of Actuaries
of India on February 16, 2022, plan assets held by the PF Trust have been fair valued. The amount represents the fair value gain on plan
assets.

3. Included in line item ‘Payments
to and provision for employees’ of Schedule 16 - Operating expenses.

Experience adjustment

Rs. in million

Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2022   Year ended March 31, 2021   Year ended March 31, 2020
Fair value of plan assets   66,637.2   56,128.1   50,656.3   45,615.2   38,682.6
Defined benefit obligations   (65,020.0)   (55,367.7)   (49,411.5)   (45,617.9)   (38,703.4)
Amount not recognised as an asset (limit in para 59(b)) AS 15 on ‘employee benefits’) 1   (1,617.2)   (760.4)   (1,244.8)   ..   ..
Surplus/(deficit)   ..   ..   ..   (2.7)   (20.8)
Experience adjustment on plan assets   1,400.7   (432.8)   415.1   663.8   (662.0)
Experience adjustment on plan liabilities   445.6   753.2   (684.8)   1,703.3   (129.9)

1. Pursuant to revised Guidance Note
29 on “Valuation of Interest Rate Guarantees on Exempt Provident Funds under AS 15 (Revised)” issued by ‘Institute of
Actuaries of India on February 16, 2022, plan assets held by PF Trust have been fair valued. The amount represents the fair value gain
on plan assets.

The Group has contributed
Rs. 5,861.0 million to provident fund including Government of India managed employees provident fund for the year ended March 31, 2024
(year ended March 31, 2023: Rs. 4,344.2 million), which includes compulsory contribution made towards employee pension scheme under Employees
Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952.

F-
67

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Superannuation Fund

The Group has
contributed Rs. 355.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2024 (year ended March 31, 2023: Rs. 321.8 million) to Superannuation
Fund for employees who had opted for the scheme.

National Pension Scheme (NPS)

The Group has contributed
Rs. 452.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2024 (year ended March 31, 2023: Rs. 361.1 million) to NPS for employees who had opted
for the scheme.

Compensated absence

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, movement in provision for compensated absence.

Rs. in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Total actuarial liability   5,436.0   3,629.6
Cost 1   1,702.2   884.9
Assumptions
Discount rate   7.12%-7.25%   7.30%-7.55%
Salary escalation rate   5.96%-10.00%   7.00%-10.00%

1.   Included in line item ‘Payments to and provision for employees’ of Schedule 16 -
                                                            Operating expenses.

8.

Provision for income tax

The provision for income
tax (including deferred tax) for the year ended March 31, 2024 amounted to Rs. 154,276.2 million (year ended March 31, 2023: Rs. 117,934.4
million).

The Group has a comprehensive
system of maintenance of information and documents required by transfer pricing legislation under sections 92-92F of the Income Tax Act,
1961. The management is of the opinion that all transactions with international related parties and specified transactions with domestic
related parties are primarily at arm’s length so that the above legislation does not have material impact on the financial statements.

9.

Deferred tax

At March 31, 2024,
the Group has recorded net deferred tax asset of Rs. 63,115.8 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 76,194.4 million), which has been included
in other assets.

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the break-up of deferred tax assets and liabilities into major items.

Rs. in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Deferred tax assets
Provision for bad and doubtful debts   95,145.6   104,780.1
Provision for operating expenses   4,026.9   4,026.9

F-
68

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

Particulars   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Provision/MTM on investment   6,774.4   5,404.1
Provision for expense allowed on payment basis   5,175.4   4,870.3
Unexpired risk reserve   1,486.5   ..
Foreign currency translation reserve 1   148.0   (615.0)
Others 2   2,213.2   822.0
Total deferred tax assets   114,970.0   119,288.4
Deferred tax liabilities
Special reserve deduction   45,489.3   37,695.4
Mark-to-market gains 1   620.6   490.0
Depreciation on fixed assets   5,074.3   4,476.7
Interest on refund of taxes 1   441.9   206.2
Others   228.1   225.7
Total deferred tax liabilities   51,854.2   43,094.0
Total net deferred tax assets/(liabilities)   63,115.8   76,194.4

1.   These items are considered in accordance with the requirements of Income Computation and Disclosure Standards (ICDS).

2.   Includes deferred tax assets created primarily on operating loss, interest on credit impaired loans and
provision for diminution in value of investments.

10.

Information about business and geographical segments

A.

Business Segments

Pursuant to the guidelines issued by
RBI on AS 17 – Segment Reporting, the following business segments of the Group have been reported.

i.   Retail banking includes exposures of the Bank which
satisfy the four criteria of orientation, product, granularity and low value of individual exposures for retail exposures laid down in
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) document “International Convergence of Capital Measurement and Capital Standards:
A Revised Framework”. This segment also includes income from credit cards, debit cards, third-party product distribution and the
associated costs.

ii.   Wholesale banking includes all advances to trusts,
partnership firms, companies and statutory bodies, by the Bank which are not included under Retail banking.

iii.   Treasury primarily includes the entire investment
and derivative portfolio of the Bank.

iv.   Other banking includes leasing operations and other
items not attributable to any particular business segment of the Bank. Further, it includes the Bank’s banking subsidiaries i.e.,
ICICI Bank UK PLC and ICICI Bank Canada.

v.   Life insurance represents results of ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited.

F-
69

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated profit and loss account
(Continued)

vi.   Others includes ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited, ICICI Home Finance Company Limited, ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited, ICICI International Limited, ICICI Securities
Primary Dealership Limited, ICICI Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Holdings Inc., ICICI Securities Inc., ICICI Prudential Asset Management
Company Limited, ICICI Prudential Trust Limited, ICICI Investment Management Company Limited, ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited, ICICI
Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Private Limited.

vii.   Unallocated includes items such as tax paid in advance
net of provision, deferred tax and provisions to the extent reckoned at the entity level.

Income, expenses, assets and liabilities
are either specifically identified with individual segments or are allocated to segments on a systematic basis.

All liabilities of the Bank are transfer
priced to a central treasury unit, which pools all funds and lends to the business units at appropriate rates based on the relevant maturity
of assets being funded after adjusting for regulatory reserve requirements.

The transfer pricing mechanism of the
Bank is periodically reviewed. The segment results are determined based on the transfer pricing mechanism prevailing for the respective
reporting periods.

The results of reported segments for
the year ended March 31, 2024 are not comparable with that of reported segments for the year ended March 31, 2023 to the extent new entities
have been consolidated and entities that have been discontinued from consolidation.

F-
70

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth,
the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rs. in million
Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Revenue   1,345,475.7   717,802.2   1,137,018.3   64,034.0   542,361.3   159,326.8   (1,605,641.1)   2,360,377.2
2   Segment results 1   188,491.7   199,717.1   146,408.8   16,384.0   9,232.3   62,301.7   (18,192.0)   604,343.6
3   Unallocated expenses   ..
4   Share of profit from associates   10,737.7
5   Operating profit (2) – (3)+(4) 1   615,081.3
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   154,276.2
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   460,805.1
Other information   ..
8   Segment assets   7,193,136.2   4,824,561.0   6,340,548.0   893,056.2   2,987,952.9   1,508,283.1   (182,618.8)   23,564,918.6
9   Unallocated assets   75,711.7
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   23,640,630.3
11   Segment liabilities   10,198,454.9   4,565,715.3   3,815,846.8 3   607,215.6 3   2,989,997.0 3   1,515,019.5 3   (182,618.8) 3   23,509,630.3
12   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
13   Total liabilities (11) + (12)   23,640,630.3
14   Capital expenditure   19,984.4   7,806.3   1,390.0   598.4   3,128.9   3,669.0   ..   36,577.0
15   Depreciation   10,978.1   4,596.4   788.2   444.8   1,129.0   1,432.0   (16.4)   19,352.1

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
71

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth, the business segment results for the
year ended March 31, 2023.

Rs. in million
Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking business   Life insurance   Others   Inter- segment adjustments   Total
1   Revenue   1,037,753.4   506,148.5   845,369.2   44,640.0   479,301.7   97,259.8   (1,148,684.6)   1,861,788.0
2   Segment results 1   175,336.8   157,857.8   140,372.1   10,014.5   8,968.9   42,023.7   (15,509.2)   519,064.6
3   Unallocated expenses   56,500.0
4   Share of profit from associates   9,982.9
5   Operating profit (2) – (3)+(4) 1   472,547.5
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   117,934.4
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   354,613.1
Other information
8   Segment assets   6,039,593.7   4,328,743.5   5,129,405.0   836,960.5   2,556,899.0   711,348.4   (114,612.3)   19,488,337.8
9   Unallocated assets   96,567.2
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   19,584,905.0
11   Segment liabilities   8,913,545.4   3,472,764.9   3,344,275.6 3   564,779.6 3   2,558,472.0 3   714,679.8 3   (114,612.3) 3   19,453,905.0
12   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
13   Total liabilities (11) + (12)   19,584,905.0
14   Capital expenditure   11,682.9   5,251.8   610.6   455.2   1,357.0   1,884.8   ..   21,242.3
15   Depreciation   9,274.5   3,427.2   335.8   405.2   835.1   884.2   (16.4)   15,145.6

1.   Profit before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
72

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

B. Geographical segments

The Group reports its operations
under the following geographical segments.

·   Domestic operations comprise branches and subsidiaries/joint ventures in
India.

·   Foreign operations comprise branches and subsidiaries/joint ventures outside
India and offshore banking units in India.

The Group conducts transactions
with its customers on a global basis in accordance with their business requirements, which may span across various geographies.

The following
tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the geographical segment results.

Rs. in million
Revenue   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Domestic operations 1   2,296,083.0   1,819,445.3
Foreign operations   75,031.9   52,325.6
Total   2,371,114.9   1,871,770.9

1.   Includes share of profit from associates of Rs. 10,737.7 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 9,982.9 million).

Rs. in million
Assets   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Domestic operations   22,366,146.4   18,242,212.3
Foreign operations   1,198,772.2   1,246,125.5
Total   23,564,918.6   19,488,337.8

1.   Segment assets do not include tax paid in advance/tax deducted at source (net) and deferred tax assets
(net).

The following table sets
forth, for the periods indicated, capital expenditure and depreciation thereon for the geographical segments.

Rs. in million
Capital expenditure incurred during the   Depreciation provided during the
Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Domestic operations   36,299.6   20,914.1   19,081.8   14,867.2
Foreign operations   277.4   328.2   270.4   278.4
Total   36,577.0   21,242.3   19,352.2   15,145.6

11.

Penalties/fines imposed by banking regulatory bodies

RBI imposed a penalty of Rs. 121.9 million on
October 17, 2023 based on the deficiency observed in regulatory compliance with the Banking Regulation Act, during Statutory Inspections
for supervisory evaluation (ISE 2020 and ISE 2021) of the Bank conducted by RBI (year ended March 31, 2023: Nil).

F-
73

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

12.

 Additional information to consolidated accounts

Additional information to consolidated accounts
at March 31, 2024 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of  total net profit   Amount
Parent
ICICI Bank Limited   93.1%   2,383,993.2   92.4%   408,882.7
Subsidiaries
Indian
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   0.7%   18,288.0   0.9%   4,139.1
ICICI Securities Limited   1.5%   38,825.6   3.9%   17,305.9
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   1.1%   28,029.3   1.2%   5,316.0
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   0.0%   9.7   0.0%   1.1
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   0.0%   129.5   (0.0%)   (57.6)
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   0.1%   2,483.4   0.0%   110.2
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   4.3%   110,082.3   1.9%   8,523.9
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 3   5.1%   129,493.3   0.3%   1,543.9
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   0.0%   19.8   0.0%   4.7
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   1.0%   24,849.0   4.1%   18,145.0
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited   0.0%   560.2   (0.0%)   (17.2)
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited 4   0.0%   619.8   0.0%   15.6
Foreign
ICICI Bank UK PLC   1.1%   28,146.7   0.5%   2,277.8
ICICI Bank Canada   1.1%   28,043.6   1.0%   4,500.7
ICICI International Limited   0.0%   130.6   0.0%   6.7
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.   0.0%   131.9   (0.0%)   (1.0)
ICICI Securities Inc.   0.0%   396.5   0.0%   25.6
Other consolidated entities
Indian
ICICI Strategic Investments Fund   0.0%   129.8   0.0%   7.6
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..

F-
74

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of  total net profit   Amount
Minority Interests   (5.4%)   (138,884.2)   (4.1%)   (18,241.4)
Associates
Indian
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 3   1.9%   8,452.0
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited 4   0.0%   25.4
NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   10.7
ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   215.8
India Infradebt Limited   ..   ..   0.4%   1,869.7
India Advantage Fund III   ..   ..   0.0%   60.6
India Advantage Fund IV   ..   ..   0.0%   85.7
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   17.9
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Joint Ventures
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Inter-company adjustments   (3.7%)   (94,039.7)   (4.7%)   (20,663.4)
TOTAL   100.0%   2,561,438.3   100.0%   442,563.7

1. 0.0 represents insignificant amount.

2. Total assets minus total liabilities.

3. ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024.

4. I-Process Services (India)
Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 20, 2024 and became a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Bank w.e.f. March 22, 2024.

Additional information
to consolidated accounts at March 31, 2023 (Pursuant to Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
Parent
ICICI Bank Limited   93.6%   2,007,153.8   93.7%   318,965.0
Subsidiaries
Indian

F-
75

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Limited   0.7%   15,815.5   0.4%   1,277.8
ICICI Securities Limited   1.3%   28,219.2   3.3%   11,334.7
ICICI Home Finance Company Limited   1.1%   22,998.6   1.1%   3,653.1
ICICI Trusteeship Services Limited   0.0%   8.7   0.0%   0.1
ICICI Investment Management Company Limited   0.0%   187.0   (0.0%)   (58.7)
ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Limited   0.1%   2,473.3   0.0%   61.9
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   4.7%   100,915.8   2.4%   8,106.6
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited   0.0%   16.9   0.0%   2.2
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited   1.0%   21,478.8   4.4%   15,077.0
ICICI Prudential Pension Funds Management Company Limited   0.0%   577.5   0.0%   28.3
Foreign
ICICI Bank UK PLC   1.2%   26,158.3   0.3%   1,045.9
ICICI Bank Canada   1.2%   25,256.2   0.8%   2,818.9
ICICI International Limited   0.0%   122.0   0.0%   8.9
ICICI Securities Holdings Inc.   0.0%   132.7   0.0%   2.0
ICICI Securities Inc.   0.0%   364.8   0.0%   58.3
Other consolidated entities
Indian
ICICI Strategic Investments Fund   0.0%   119.4   0.0%   3.7
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Minority interests   (3.1%)   (66,867.5)   (4.2%)   (14,246.7)
Associates
Indian
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited   ..   ..   2.4%   8,303.1
I-Process Services (India) Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   37.7
NIIT Institute of Finance Banking and Insurance Training Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   3.3
ICICI Merchant Services Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   63.0
India Infradebt Limited   ..   ..   0.5%   1,560.2
India Advantage Fund III   ..   ..   0.0%   0.0
India Advantage Fund IV   ..   ..   (0.0%)   (0.2)
Arteria Technologies Private Limited   ..   ..   0.0%   15.7

F-
76

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rs. in million
Name of the entity   Net assets 2   Share in profit or loss
% of total net assets   Amount   % of total net profit   Amount
Foreign
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Joint Ventures
NIL   ..   ..   ..   ..
Inter-company adjustments   (1.8%)   (40,153.1)   (5.1%)   (17,755.4)
TOTAL   100.0%   2,144,977.9   100.0%   340,366.4

1. 0.0 represents insignificant amount.

2. Total assets minus total liabilities

13.

Revaluation of fixed assets

The Bank and its housing
finance subsidiary follows the revaluation model for their premises (land and buildings) other than improvements to leasehold property
as per AS 10 – ‘Property, Plant and Equipment’. In accordance with the policy, annual revaluation is carried out through
external valuers, using methodologies such as direct sales comparison method and income capitalisation method and the incremental amount
has been taken to revaluation reserve. The revalued amount at March 31, 2024 was Rs. 55,184.5 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 55,500.0 million)
as compared to the historical cost less accumulated depreciation of Rs. 24,062.4 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 24,581.6 million).

The revaluation reserve is not available for distribution
of dividend.

14.

Proposed dividend on equity shares

The Board of Directors at
its meeting held on April 27, 2024 has recommended a dividend of Rs. 10 per equity share for the year ended March 31, 2024 (year ended
March 31, 2023: Rs. 8.00 per equity share). The declaration and payment of dividend is subject to requisite approvals.

15.

Divergence in asset classification and provisioning for NPAs

In terms of the RBI circular
no. //DOR.ACC.REC.No.74/21.04.018/2022-23 dated October 11, 2022, banks are required to disclose the divergences in asset classification
and provisioning consequent to RBI’s annual supervisory process in their notes to accounts to the financial statements, wherever
either (a) the additional provisioning requirements assessed by RBI exceed 5% (10% till March 31, 2023) of the reported net profits before
provisions and contingencies or (b) the additional gross NPAs identified by RBI exceed 5% (10% till March 31, 2023) of the published incremental
gross NPAs for the reference period, or both. Based on the condition mentioned in RBI circular, no disclosure on divergence in asset classification
and provisioning for NPAs is required with respect to RBI’s supervisory process for the year ended March 31, 2023 and for the year
ended March 31, 2022.

16.

 Disclosure on lending and borrowing activities

The Bank and other subsidiaries,
as part of its normal banking business, grants loans and advances, makes investment, provides guarantees to and accept deposits and borrowings
from its customers, other

F-
77

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

entities and persons. These transactions are part
of Bank’s normal banking business, which is conducted ensuring adherence to all regulatory requirements.

Other than the transactions
described above, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or
kind of funds) by the Bank and other subsidiaries incorporated in India to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities
(“Intermediaries”) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall lend or invest
in party identified by or on behalf of the Bank and other subsidiaries incorporated in India (Ultimate Beneficiaries). The Bank and other
subsidiaries incorporated in India have also not received any fund from any parties (Funding Party) with the understanding that the Bank
and other subsidiaries incorporated in India shall whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified
by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of
the Ultimate Beneficiaries.

17.

Acquisition of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited

On May 28, 2023, the Board of Directors of the
Bank approved to increase shareholding in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in multiple tranches up to 4.0% additional shareholding,
as permissible under applicable law, to ensure compliance with the Section 19(2) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and make the Company,
a subsidiary of the Bank, subject to receipt of necessary regulatory approval(s). On August 4, 2023, RBI vide letter CO.DOR.RAUG.AUT.No.S2656/24.01.002/2023-24,
had conveyed the approval to the Bank for acquiring additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. On September
1, 2023, IRDAI vide letter 733/F&I/ToS/ICICIL/FY24/1/59 had also conveyed the approval in connection to above. Accordingly, the Bank
through stock exchange mechanism had acquired the additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in multiple tranches,
resulting into increase in shareholding of more than 50.0%. Consequently, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited ceased to be
an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. February 29, 2024. Accordingly, goodwill of Rs. 23,728.3 million was recognised
on purchase of additional stake in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

18.

Acquisition of I-Process Services (India) Private Limited

On February 17-18, 2023, the Board of Directors
of the Bank approved to make I-Process Services (India) Private Limited a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, subject to receipt of requisite
regulatory and statutory approvals. On September 8, 2023, RBI vide letter CO.DoR.RAUG.No.S3282/ 24.01.002/2023-24, had conveyed the approval
to the Bank in connection to above. On January 30, 2024, the Bank entered into a share purchase agreement in relation to investment in
equity shares of I-Process Services (India) Private Limited. Accordingly, the Bank purchased equity shares of the Company in off-market
transactions. Consequently, I-Process Services (India) Private Limited ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f.
March 20, 2024. Subsequently, I-Process Services (India) Private Limited became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank w.e.f. March 22,
2024. Accordingly, capital reserve of Rs. 358.5 million was recognised on purchase of additional stake in I-Process Services (India) Private
Limited.

19.

De-listing of ICICI Securities Company Limited

The Board of Directors of the Bank on June 29,
2023 approved the draft scheme of arrangement for delisting of equity shares of ICICI Securities Limited, subject to receipt of requisite
approvals. Pursuant to the order of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench, a meeting of the

F-
78

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Equity Shareholders of the Bank was held on March
27, 2024, wherein the proposed Scheme was approved by the requisite majority of shareholders. The scheme is currently pending final approval
of the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench.

20.

 Additional disclosures

Additional statutory information disclosed in
the separate financial statements of the Bank and subsidiaries having no material bearing on the true and fair view on the consolidated
financial statements and the information pertaining to the items which are not material have not been disclosed in the consolidated financial
statements.

21.

Comparative figures

During FY2024, ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Private Limited has become subsidiaries due to increase in the Bank’s shareholding
above 50.0%. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements for FY2024 are not comparable with the previous year.

Figures of the previous year have been re-grouped
to conform to the current year presentation.

F-
79

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

B. Additional
Notes

1.       Reserves

Statutory reserve:

Represents reserve created as a percentage of the net profit before any other appropriation as required by the Banking Regulation
Act, 1949. Every banking company in India is currently required to transfer not less than 25% of the net profit (before appropriations)
to the “statutory reserve”.

Special reserve:

Represents reserve maintained under the Income Tax Act, 1961 to avail tax benefits.

Securities premium:

Represents amount of premium received on issue of share capital, net of expenses incurred on issue of shares.

Investment reserve
account:
Represents provision for depreciation on available for sale and held for trading securities in excess of required amount
which is credited to profit and loss account and appropriated to this reserve, net of tax and transfer to statutory reserve.

Investment fluctuation
reserve:
Represents appropriation of net gains on sale of securities classified as available for sale and held for trading, or net
profit after mandatory appropriations to other reserves, whichever is lower, until the amount of this reserve is at least 2% of held
for trading and available for sale portfolio. Balance in investment fluctuation reserve in excess of 2% of held for trading and available
for sale portfolio can be drawn down and transferred to balance in profit and loss account.

Capital reserve:

Represents amount of gains on sale of securities classified as held to maturity and gains on sale of land and building, net of tax
and transfer to statutory reserve.

Capital redemption
reserve:
Represents appropriations made from the surplus profit available for previous years on redemption of preference shares by
the Bank, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.

Foreign currency
translation reserve:
Represents cumulative exchange differences arising from translation of financial statements of non-integral
foreign operations.

Revaluation
reserve:
Represents reserve on revaluation of premises carried out by the Group.

Revenue and
other reserves:
Represents reserves other than capital reserves and those separately classified.

Balance
in profit and loss account:
Represents the balance of profit after appropriations.

F-
80

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

2.       Deposits

Deposits
include current account deposits, which are non-interest bearing, savings account deposits and time deposits, which are interest bearing.

The
following table sets forth the residual contractual maturities of time deposits at March 31, 2024.

Rupees
    in million
Deposits maturing during the year ending
    March 31,
2025   6,268,361.3
2026   1,470,600.5
2027   253,363.8
2028   185,999.9
2029   135,687.3
Thereafter   72,714.6
Total
    time deposits   8,386,727.4

At
March 31, 2024, the aggregate of time deposits with individual balances greater than Rs. 5.0 million was Rs. 4,306,516.1 million (March
31, 2023: Rs. 3,270,106.4 million).

3.       Long-term
debt

Long-term
debt represents debt with an original contractual maturity of greater than one year. Maturity distribution is based on contractual maturity
or the date at which the debt is callable at the option of the holder, whichever is earlier. A portion of the long-term debt bears a
fixed rate of interest. Interest rates on floating-rate debt are generally linked to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate or similar
money market rates. The segregation between fixed-rate and floating-rate obligations is based on the contractual terms.

The
following table sets forth a listing of long-term debt at March 31, 2024, by maturity and interest rate profile.

Rupees
                                            in million
Fixed-rate obligations   Floating-rate obligations   Total
Long-term debt maturing during the year ending March 31,
2025   322,599.5   28,982.5   351,582.0
2026   283,526.8   17,663.0   301,189.8
2027   179,222.4   20,589.0   199,811.4
2028   80,527.3   18,811.9   99,339.2
2029   95,949.1   5,085.5   101,034.6
Thereafter   258,261.3   6,110.1   264,371.4
Total   1,220,086.5   97,241.9   1,317,328.4
Less: Unamortized debt issue costs   (780.2)
Total   1,316,548.2

Long-term
debt is denominated in various currencies. At March 31, 2024, long-term debt comprises Indian rupee debt of Rs. 1,042,058.9 million (March
31, 2023: Rs. 1,021,393.3 million) and foreign currency debt of Rs. 274,489.3 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 291,003.2 million).

F-
81

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Indian rupee
debt

The
following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of major categories of Indian rupee debt.

Rupees
    in million
Category   At
    March 31, 2024
Amount   Weighted   average
      interest   rate   Range   Weighted
      average   residual   maturity   (in years)
Bonds issued to institutional/individual
    investors   573,913.8   7.7%   5.9% to 13.1%   4.5
Refinance from financial institutions   383,877.0   6.8%   2.9% to 8.4%   1.4
Borrowings from other banks   47,036.8   8.2%   7.9% to 8.8%   6.0
Fixed deposits   37,231.3   7.3%   5.5% to 8.7%   2.7
Total   1,042,058.9   7.3%   3.4

Rupees
    in million
Category   At
    March 31, 2023
Amount   Weighted average interest
    rate   Range   Weighted
    average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds issued to institutional/individual
    investors   611,519.7   7.7%   5.1% to 14.1%   4.4
Refinance from financial institutions   337,330.8   5.9%   2.8% to 8.4%   1.2
Borrowings from other banks   40,505.5   8.1%   7.7% to 9.0%   6.2
Fixed deposits   32,037.3   6.9%   5.1% to 8.8%   2.9
Total   1,021,393.3   7.1%   3.4

Foreign currency
debt

The
following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of major categories of foreign currency debt.

Rupees
    in million
Category   At
    March 31, 2024
Amount   Weighted average interest
    rate   Range   Weighted
    average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds   137,508.1   4.2%   3.7% to 7.1%   2.3
Other borrowings   136,981.2   2.6%   0.6% to 6.9%   2.1
Total   274,489.3   3.4%   2.2

F-
82

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Category   At March 31, 2023
Amount   Weighted average interest rate   Range   Weighted average residual maturity (in years)
Bonds   139,381.7   4.2%   3.6% to 6.4%   3.1
Other borrowings   151,621.5   2.4%   0.0% to 6.6%   2.6
Total   291,003.2   3.3%   2.8

 See
note on “Schedule 18B-Additional note-19 Selected information from Indian GAAP financials” for assets pledged as securities
for borrowings.

4.       Cash
and cash equivalents

Banks
in India are required to maintain with Reserve Bank of India, average daily balance of 4.5% of their net demand and time liabilities
by way of cash reserve, for a fortnight period. The banks are allowed to maintain minimum cash reserve of not less than 90% of the required
cash reserve on all days during the reporting fortnight, in such a manner that the average of cash reserve maintained daily shall not
be less than the requirement prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India.

The
Bank’s minimum cash reserve requirements for the fortnight period of March 31, 2024 were Rs. 616,350.3 million (March 31, 2023:
Rs. 513,102.5 million) which are subject to withdrawal and usage restrictions. Deposits maintained with the Reserve Bank of India were
Rs. 625,010.3 million at March 31, 2024 (March 31, 2023: Rs. 480,251.3 million) towards the minimum cash reserve requirements.

Deposits
with other banks include Rs. 166,659.0 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 65,115.4 million) in deposits, which have original maturities greater
than 90 days.

5.       Investments

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as held to maturity.

Rupees in million
At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Amortized cost/cost   Gross unrealized gain   Gross unrealized loss   Fair value   Amortized cost/cost   Gross unrealized gain   Gross unrealized loss   Fair value
Held to maturity
Corporate debt securities   479,631.6   4,743.8   (3,567.9)   480,807.6   215,081.7   2,161.4   (4,373.0)   212,870.1
Government securities   3,949,704.1   40,373.9   (26,418.6)   3,963,659.3   3,139,362.1   12,022.6   (47,847.6)   3,103,537.1
Other debt securities 1   10,704.8   6.8   (2.6)   10,709.0   7,800.4   ..   ..   7,800.4
Total debt securities   4,440,040.5   45,124.5   (29,989.1)   4,455,175.9   3,362,244.2   14,184.0   (52,220.6)   3,324,207.6
Equity shares 2   15.0   86.8   ..   101.8   50,905.5   228,560.2   ..   279,465.7
Other securities   2,573.0   8,595.5   (133.1)   11,035.4   4,937.8   2,529.5   (81.0)   7,386.2
Total   4,442,628.5   53,806.8   (30,122.2)   4,466,313.1   3,418,087.5   245,273.7   (52,301.6)   3,611,059.5

1.   Includes
                                            certificate of deposit and commercial paper.

2.   At
                                            March 31, 2023, Group’s investment in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
                                            (ICICI General), being an associate, was classified as held-to-maturity. At March 31, 2024,
                                            being a subsidiary ICICI General was consolidated on a line-by-line basis and Group’s
                                            investment in ICICI General was eliminated at consolidated level.

3.   Interest
                                            accrued on held-to-maturity securities amounted to Rs. 82,251.2 million at March 31, 2024
                                            (March 31, 2023: Rs. 55,568.5 million).

F-
83

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees
in million

At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Amortized cost/cost   Gross unrealized gain   Gross unrealized loss   Fair value   Amortized cost/cost   Gross unrealized gain   Gross unrealized loss   Fair value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   204,957.5   2,494.7   (1,238.9)   206,213.3   217,228.0   1,081.8   (2,100.0)   216,209.8
Government securities   671,364.8   1,061.3   (708.7)   671,717.4   624,808.4   1,146.7   (1,571.4)   624,383.7
Other debt securities 1   194,459.6   4,696.8   (274.8)   198,881.7   126,326.0   1,202.5   (619.3)   126,909.2
Total debt securities   1,070,781.9   8,252.8   (2,222.4)   1,076,812.4   968,362.4   3,431.0   (4,290.7)   967,502.7
Equity shares   189,271.8   101,770.9   (10,438.8)   280,603.9   123,670.2   67,841.2   (13,965.5)   177,545.9
Other securities   43,383.1   12,238.4   (8,013.1)   47,608.4   39,049.5   6,186.1   (7,171.2)   38,064.4
Total   1,303,436.8   122,262.1   (20,674.3)   1,405,024.7   1,131,082.1   77,458.3   (25,427.4)   1,183,113.1

1.   Includes
                                            pass through certificates, certificate of deposit, commercial paper and banker’s acceptance.

2.   Interest
                                            accrued on available for sale securities amounted to Rs. 15,199.2 million at March 31, 2024
                                            (March 31, 2023: Rs. 12,702.5 million).

Income
from securities available for sale

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of income from securities classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Interest   86,421.6   56,073.0   41,719.0
Dividend   1,644.8   2,320.7   1,023.4
Total   88,066.4   58,393.7   42,742.4
Gross realized gain   34,847.3   19,961.4   22,227.6
Gross realized loss   (4,090.7)   (7,090.2)   (1,772.1)
Total   30,756.6   12,871.2   20,455.5

Income
from securities held for trading

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of income from securities classified as held for trading.

Rupees in million
Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Interest and dividend   31,690.9   16,416.4   11,713.9
Realized gain/(loss) on sale of trading portfolio   5,877.7   958.8   (648.7)
Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio   19.3   133.8   1,952.6
Total   37,587.9   17,509.0   13,017.8

F-
84

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Maturity
profile of debt securities

The
following table sets forth a listing of each category of held to maturity debt securities at March 31, 2024, by maturity.

Rupees in million
Amortized
cost   Fair
value
Corporate debt securities
Less than one year   36,585.4   37,115.7
One to five years   206,300.5   205,906.3
Five to ten years   195,272.5   196,809.6
Greater than ten years   41,473.2   40,976.0
Total corporate debt securities   479,631.6   480,807.6
Government securities
Less than one year   70,482.0   70,469.6
One to five years   1,102,468.6   1,097,780.5
Five to ten years   1,791,055.0   1,802,766.9
Greater than ten years   985,698.5   992,642.3
Total government securities   3,949,704.1   3,963,659.3
Other debt securities
Less than one year   10,704.8   10,709.0
One to five years   ..   ..
Five to ten years   ..   ..
Greater than ten years   ..   ..
Total other debt securities   10,704.8   10,709.0
Total debt securities classified as held to maturity   4,440,040.5   4,455,175.9

The
following table sets forth a listing of each category of available for sale debt securities at March 31, 2024, by maturity.

Rupees in million
Amortized cost   Fair value
Corporate debt securities
Less than one year   101,845.2   101,812.3
One to five years   80,040.8   80,364.1
Five to ten years   22,606.8   22,884.6
Greater than ten years   464.7   1,152.3
Total corporate debt securities   204,957.5   206,213.3
Government securities
Less than one year   394,598.6   394,674.3
One to five years   231,625.4   231,535.4
Five to ten years   6,613.6   6,645.1
Greater than ten years   38,527.2   38,862.6
Total Government securities   671,364.8   671,717.4
Other debt securities
Less than one year   78,690.1   79,322.6
One to five years   74,159.9   75,423.5
Five to ten years   15,995.3   16,867.2
Greater than ten years   25,614.3   27,268.4
Total other debt securities   194,459.6   198,881.7
Total debt securities classified as available for sale   1,070,781.9   1,076,812.4

Credit
rating profile of held-to-maturity debt securities

The
Group considers credit rating as credit quality indicators for the held-to-maturity debt securities. The credit rating of debt securities
is issued by external credit rating agencies.

F-
85

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
following table sets forth, held-to-maturity debt securities by external credit rating at March 31, 2024:

Rupees in million
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Below investment grade   Unrated   Total
Corporate debt securities   449,860.4   1,921.4   23,369.8   4,480.1   ..   479,631.6
Government securities   3,949,704.1   ..   ..   ..   ..   3,949,704.1
Other debt securities   10,704.8   ..   ..   ..   ..   10,704.8
Total Debt securities   4,410,269.3   1,921.4   23,369.8   4,480.1   ..   4,440,040.5

The
following table sets forth, held-to-maturity debt securities by external credit rating at March 31, 2023:

Rupees in million
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Below investment grade   Unrated   Total
Corporate debt securities   195,528.8   ..   17,339.7   2,213.2   ..   215,081.7
Government securities   3,139,362.1   ..   ..   ..   ..   3,139,362.1
Other debt securities   7,800.4   ..   ..   ..   ..   7,800.4
Total Debt securities   3,342,691.3   ..   17,339.7   2,213.2   ..   3,362,244.2

There were no
held-to-maturity debt securities that were past due (30 days overdue) at year ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023. There were no
held-to-maturity debt securities that were overdue for more than 90 days and still accruing at the year ended March 31, 2024 and
March 31, 2023.

6.       Repurchase
transactions

The
Group undertakes repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions of Government securities and corporate bonds during the year. These transactions
are generally of a very short tenure and are undertaken with the Reserve Bank of India, banks and other financial institutions as counterparties.

At
March 31, 2024, outstanding borrowings under repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility, Marginal Standing Facility
and Standing liquidity facility offered by the Reserve Bank of India amounted to Rs. 286,293.8 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 258,992.9
million) and the outstanding lendings under reverse repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility amounted to Rs. 180,376.8
million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 59,652.4 million).

During
fiscal 2024, average borrowings under repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility, Marginal Standing Facility and
Standing liquidity facility amounted to Rs. 369,120.6 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 286,800.5 million) and average lendings under reverse
repurchase transactions including Liquidity Adjustment Facility amounted to Rs. 117,787.4 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 175,385.7 million).

F-
86

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

7.       Loans

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of loans by category.

Rupees in million
At March 31,
2024   2023
Commercial loans   5,219,456.3   4,625,018.9
Term loans   2,155,071.1   2,058,261.1
Working capital facilities 1   3,064,385.2   2,566,757.8
Consumer loans and credit card receivable   7,610,969.0   6,469,885.0
Mortgage loans   4,134,254.8   3,717,546.2
Other secured loans   1,707,890.9   1,422,524.2
Credit card receivables   523,037.0   384,163.8
Other unsecured loans   1,245,786.3   945,650.8
Lease financing 2   34.3   50.2
Total gross advances   12,830,459.6   11,094,954.1
Provision for loan losses 3   (222,697.6)   (256,291.0)
Total net advances   12,607,762.0   10,838,663.1

1.   Includes
                                            bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

2.   Lease
                                            financing activity includes leasing and hire purchase.

3.   Excludes
                                            provision on performing loans.

Commercial loans

Commercial
loans include term loans and working capital facilities extended to corporate and other business entities, including programme-based
loans extended to small and medium enterprises such as proprietorship firms, partnership firms and private limited companies.

Each
commercial loan undergoes a detailed credit review process in accordance with the Bank’s credit policy or is evaluated in accordance
with the programme parameters. After disbursement, commercial loans are individually monitored and reviewed for any possible deterioration
in the borrower’s ability to repay the loan. Loans to small and medium enterprises under various lending programmes are generally
monitored at programme level from the perspective of credit quality. Term loans are typically secured by a first lien on the borrower’s
fixed assets, which normally consist of property, plants and equipment. Working capital facilities, which include bills purchased and
discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand, are typically secured by a first lien on the borrower’s current
assets, which normally consist of inventory and receivables.

The
overall economic conditions affecting businesses impact the Bank’s commercial loan portfolio. A prolonged slowdown in the Indian
economy and significant movement in commodity prices could adversely affect borrowers’ abilities to repay loans. In light of increasing
international trade linkages, borrowers’ abilities to repay loans may also be negatively affected by adverse economic developments
in the United States and other major economies. Unfavorable exchange rate movements may also increase borrowers’ debt burden and
adversely affect their abilities to repay loans.

Borrowers’
ability to repay project finance term loans depends on the viability of the project financed which, in turn, depends on the timeliness
of the project’s completion, the stability of government policies and changes in market demand.

Consumer loans

The
Bank’s consumer loan portfolio includes both secured loans and unsecured loans. Secured consumer loans constitute a significant
majority of the Bank’s total consumer loan portfolio. Though the loans in the Bank’s secured loan portfolio are secured by
first and exclusive liens on the assets financed, recoveries in case of default may be subject of delays up to several years, due to
the protracted

F-
87

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

legal process in
India. To mitigate risk, the Bank obtains direct debit mandates or post-dated checks with pre-specified dates for repayment of consumer
installment loans.

Secured consumer loan portfolio

The
Bank’s secured loan portfolio consists of mortgage loans, automobile loans, commercial vehicle loans, jewel loans, farm equipment
loans, kisan (farmer) credit cards and other secured loans.

The
Bank’s mortgage loan portfolio includes home loans made to individuals and business entities and loan against mortgage of property
for any business or personal requirement. Typically, mortgage loans are secured by first and exclusive liens on the financed properties.
Borrower default risk is mitigated by rigorous credit review procedures. The Bank’s mortgage loan portfolio risk is driven primarily
by interest rate movement, the loan-to-value ratios of the loans in the portfolio changes in property price, the nature of the borrowers’
employment (e.g., salaried or self-employed) and the borrowers’ income levels.

The
Bank’s automobile loan and commercial vehicle loan portfolios are also secured by first liens on the assets financed by the loans.
Major factors affecting the performance of the automobile loan portfolio include the nature of the borrowers’ employment, the borrowers’
income levels, the loan-to-value ratios of the loans in the portfolio and the nature of use of the financed vehicles. The Bank’s
commercial vehicle loan portfolio risk is largely driven by borrowers’ characteristics, rate of economic activity and fuel price.

The
Bank extends kisan (farmer) credit card facility to farmers for meeting their cost of cultivation and other ancillary expenses. These
loans are secured by hypothecation of crops and mortgage of the agricultural land. Unfavorable monsoon, natural calamities and announcement
of farm loan waiver by state governments are among the key risk drivers of kisan (farmer) credit card portfolio.

The
Bank provides jewel loans against gold ornaments and gold coins. Key risks include volatility in gold price and authenticity (purity
and weight) of the jewels.

Borrowers’
abilities to repay farm equipment loans generally depend on the agriculture sector in India which, in turn, may depend on the monsoons.

Unsecured consumer loan portfolio

The
Bank’s unsecured loan portfolio includes personal loans, credit cards and other unsecured loans. General economic conditions and
other factors such as changes in unemployment rates, economic growth rates and borrowers’ income levels impact this portfolio.

Standard restructured
loans

A
loan is classified as restructuring, where a concessionary modification such as changes in repayment period, principal amount, repayment
installment and rate of interest has been made by the Group, and downgraded to non-performing. The restructuring of loans in the event
of a natural calamity, restructuring involving deferment of date of commencement of commercial operations for projects under implementation
and restructuring for certain medium and small medium enterprises continue to be classified as standard restructured loans. Further,
the Reserve Bank of India through its guideline on ‘Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress’ dated August 6, 2020,
provided a prudential framework to implement a resolution plan in respect of eligible borrowers and personal loans, while classifying
such exposures as standard, subject to specified conditions.

The
loan accounts subjected to restructuring by the Bank are upgraded to the standard category from standard restructured category if the
borrower has demonstrated, over a minimum period of one year, the ability to repay the loan in accordance with the contractual terms
and the borrower has been

F-
88

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

reinstated to a
normal level of general provisions for standard loans/risk weights for capital adequacy computations. The period of one year is from
the commencement of the first payment of principal or interest whichever was later on the credit facility with the longest period of
moratorium under the restructured terms. The restructured loans, classified as non-performing, can be upgraded only after satisfactory
performance during the ‘specified period’, that is, the date by which at least a certain percentage of the outstanding principal
debt as per the resolution plan and interest capitalization sanctioned as part of the restructuring, if any, is repaid or one year from
the commencement of the first payment of interest or principal on the credit facility with the longest period of moratorium under the
terms of the resolution plan, whichever is later. Further, large restructured accounts (accounts where the aggregate exposure of lenders
is Rs. 1.00 billion and above) qualify for an upgrade if in addition to demonstration of satisfactory payment performance as mentioned
above, the loan is rated at investment grade (BBB- equivalent or better) at the end of the ‘specified period’ by credit rating
agencies accredited by the Reserve Bank of India.

At
March 31, 2024, the Group had committed to lend (including non-fund based facilities) Rs. 1,039.3 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 970.0
million) to borrowers who are parties to standard restructurings.

The
following table sets forth, for the dates indicated, a listing of standard restructured loans.

Rupees in million
At March 31,
2024   2023
Commercial loans
Term loans   4,381.0   6,946.3
Working capital facilities   1,775.8   2,016.3
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   24,072.0   32,993.9
Other secured loans   4,863.4   9,507.2
Credit card receivables   63.0   69.7
Other unsecured loans   525.1   980.6
Lease financing   ..   ..
Total gross restructured loans 2   35,680.3   52,514.0
Provision for loan losses 3   (1,443.2)   (1,778.6)
Total net restructured loans   34,237.1   50,735.4

1.   Represents
                                            entire borrower level outstanding of the restructured accounts.

2.   At
                                            March 31, 2024, includes loans amounting to Rs. 26,271.1 million restructured under the Reserve
                                            Bank of India guidelines on ‘Resolution Framework for COVID-19-related Stress’
                                            dated August 6, 2020. and May 05, 2021 (March 31, 2023: loans amounting to Rs. 35,864.6 million)

3.   Represents
                                            provision due to diminution in the fair value of restructured/rescheduled loans in accordance
                                            with the applicable RBI guidelines.

In
addition, the Bank holds general provision amounting to Rs. 9,034.1 million at March 31, 2024 (March 31, 2023: Rs. 12,824.9 million)
on these restructured accounts.

Non-performing
loans

The
Bank classifies all credit exposures at a borrower level, including overdues arising from crystallized derivative contracts, into performing
and non-performing loans as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, an asset is generally
classified as non-performing if any amount of interest or principal remains overdue for more than 90 days (360 days for direct agriculture
loans), in respect of term loans. In respect of overdraft or cash credit, an asset is classified as non-performing if the account remains
out of order for a period of 90 days. An account is treated as ‘out of order’ if the outstanding balance remains continuously
in excess of the sanctioned limit/drawing power for 90 days or where there are no credits continuously for 90 days or credits are not
enough to cover the interest debited during the preceding 90 day period. In respect of bills, an asset is classified as non-performing
if the account remains overdue for more than 90 days. The Bank also

F-
89

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

identifies non-performing
loans based on a review of accounts selected on the basis of certain criteria, by evaluating additional information (other than that
relating to the payment record). Advances held at the overseas branches that are identified as impaired as per host country regulations
but which are standard as per the extant Reserve Bank of India guidelines, are identified as non-performing to the extent of amount outstanding
in the host country. In case of the Bank’s housing finance subsidiary, loans and other credit facilities are classified into performing
and non-performing loans as per Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Further, non-performing loans are classified into sub-standard, doubtful
and loss assets based on the criteria stipulated by Reserve Bank of India. Loans in the Bank’s United Kingdom subsidiary are classified
as impaired if there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition
of the loan (a loss event) and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the loans that can be
reliably estimated. Loans in the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary are considered credit-impaired when one or more events that have a
detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that loan have occurred.

The following table sets forth, the
nonaccrual status of the loans for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Loans outstanding
At the beginning of the year   At the end of the year   Loans which are overdue for more than 90 days but on accrual status   Loans on non-accrual basis on which no provision is made   Interest income recognized during the year on loans on non-accrual basis
Commercial loans
-	Term loans   153,131.1   110,537.2   ..   ..   2,403.9
-	Working capital facilities   56,797.7   49,839.2   ..   ..   1,645.5
Consumer loans
-	Mortgage loans   46,243.2   48,749.1   ..   ..   2,492.8
-	Other secured loans   40,187.5   46,047.9   40,927.4   ..   562.2
-	Credit card receivables   5,836.4   9,841.9   ..   ..   626.9
-	Other unsecured loans   10,273.8   14,592.9   ..   ..   483.2
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total gross loans   312,469.7   279,608.2   40,927.4   ..   8,214.5
Provision for loan losses   (254,507.1)   (221,249.1)   ..
Total net loans   57,962.6   58,359.1   40,927.4

The
following table sets forth, the nonaccrual status of the loans for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Loans outstanding
At the beginning of the year   At the end of the year   Loans which are overdue for more than 90 days but on accrual status   Loans on non-accrual basis on which no provision is made   Interest income recognized during the year on loans on non-accrual basis
Commercial loans
-	Term loans   167,209.3   153,131.1   57.5   ..   3,505.3
-	Working capital facilities   65,033.2   56,797.7   ..   ..   1,811.6
Consumer loans
-	Mortgage loans   54,559.5   46,243.2   ..   ..   2,425.5
-	Other secured loans   44,822.2   40,187.5   35,527.8   ..   825.6
-	Credit card receivables   3,864.6   5,836.4   ..   ..   485.2
-	Other unsecured loans   10,024.8   10,273.8   ..   ..   471.1
Lease financing   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total
gross loans   345,513.6   312,469.7   35,585.3   ..   9,524.3
Provision for loan losses   (269,105.3)   (254,507.1)   ..
Total net loans   76,408.3   57,962.6   35,585.3

F-
90

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Provision
for loan losses

Provisions
are generally made by the Bank on non-performing loans as per internal provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements
of Reserve Bank of India. The Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and a general provision against performing
loans.

The
housing finance subsidiary of the Bank holds specific provisions against non-performing loans and general provisions against performing
loans as per Reserve Bank of India requirements.

The
Bank’s United Kingdom subsidiary maintains provision for loan losses at a level that management considers adequate to absorb identified
credit related losses as well as losses that have occurred but are not yet identifiable. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary maintains
provision for all financial assets using expected credit loss model. The expected credit loss for impaired financial assets is computed
based on individual assessment of expected cash flows from such assets.

The
Bank makes provision on assets that are restructured/rescheduled subject to minimum requirements as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the movement in the provision for loan losses on standard restructured loans.

Rupees in million
Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   1,778.6   2,914.3   896.6
Provision for loan losses made for new additions during the year   60.8   ..   2,329.7
Increase/(decrease) of provision for existing loan losses during the year   (241.9)   (328.4)   (172.8)
Reduction/write-back of provision on restructured loans due to: Upgrade to standard assets   ..   ..
Downgrade to non-performing assets   (154.3)   (807.3)   (139.2)
Provision for loan losses at the end of the year   1,443.2   1,778.6   2,914.3

F-
91

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
following table sets forth the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees
in million

Particulars   Commercial
    loans   Consumer
    loans   Total
Term loans   Working capital facilities   Mortgage loans   Other secured loans   Credit card receivables   Other unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   142,443.9   46,732.2   25,653.6   26,719.2   4,717.3   8,240.9   ..   ..   254,507.1
Add: Provisions for loan losses   3,569.4   18,661.6   22,388.4   28,668.3   22,721.1   24,605.6   ..   ..   120,614.4
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (8,766.6)   (7,656.7)   (5,978.9)   (13,086.9)   (15,735.2)   (15,072.9)   ..   ..   (66,297.2)
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (29,871.9)   (20,090.0)   (16,465.3)   (11,231.9)   (3,686.8)   (6,229.3)   ..   ..   (87,575.2)
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing
    loans   107,374.8   37,647.1   25,597.8   31,068.7   8,016.4   11,544.3   ..   ..   221,249.1
B. Aggregate provision for
    loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   2,458.5   1,359.5   5,624.0   1,594.2   16.3   191.3   ..   192,602.1 1   203,845.9
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of
    the year (A) + (B)   109,833.3   39,006.6   31,221.8   32,662.9   8,032.7   11,735.6   ..   192,602.1   425,095.0
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   109,833.3   39,006.6   31,221.8   32,662.9   8,032.7   11,735.6   ..   ..   232,492.9
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   192,602.1   192,602.1
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with
    deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At
                                            March 31, 2024, the Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 131,000.0 million which is included
                                            in the above amount.

F-
92

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
following table sets forth the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Commercial
    loans   Consumer
    loans
Term loans   Working capital facilities   Mortgage loans   Other secured loans   Credit card receivables   Other unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   152,200.1   50,822.8   28,852.5   26,173.8   3,119.1   7,937.0   ..   ..   269,105.3
Add: Provisions for loan losses   17,713.5   23,605.3   21,198.2   28,722.4   12,155.9   15,672.9   ..   ..   119,068.2
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (4,428.6)   (4,976.5)   (6,469.7)   (13,525.1)   (7,576.9)   (9,491.5)   ..   ..   (46,468.3)
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (23,041.1)   (22,719.4)   (17,927.4)   (14,651.9)   (2,980.8)   (5,877.5)   ..   ..   (87,198.1)
A. Aggregate provision for
    loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing loans   142,443.9   46,732.2   25,653.6   26,719.2   4,717.3   8,240.9   ..   ..   254,507.1
B. Aggregate provision for
    loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   4,243.4   1,492.1   7,750.8   2,849.7   18.0   376.8   ..   180,946.8 1   197,677.6
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of
    the year (A) + (B)   146,687.3   48,224.3   33,404.4   29,568.9   4,735.3   8,617.7   ..   180,946.8   452,184.7
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   146,687.3   48,224.3   33,404.4   29,568.9   4,735.3   8,617.7   ..   ..   271,237.9
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   180,946.8   180,946.8
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with
    deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At
                                            March 31, 2023, the Bank held contingency provisions of Rs. 131,000.0 million which is included
                                            in the above amount.

F-
93

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
following table sets forth the movement in the provision for loan losses for the year ended March 31, 2022.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Commercial loans   Consumer loans
Term loans   Working capital facilities   Mortgage loans   Other secured loans   Credit
card receivables   Other unsecured loans   Lease financing   Unallocated   Total
A. Non-performing loans
Aggregate provision for loan losses at the beginning of the year   173,905.8   72,706.5   25,418.8   32,594.7   8,395.4   14,659.2   ..   ..   327,680.4
Add: Provisions for loan losses   13,677.5   17,842.9   26,440.8   37,637.8   11,240.3   18,452.0   ..   ..   125,291.3
Less: Utilized for write-off of loans   (20,169.8)   (26,607.9)   (6,709.2)   (23,824.4)   (12,204.7)   (18,485.5)   ..   ..   (108,001.5)
Less: Write back of excess provisions   (15,213.4)   (13,118.7)   (16,297.9)   (20,234.3)   (4,311.9)   (6,688.7)   ..   ..   (75,864.9)
A. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for non-performing loans   152,200.1   50,822.8   28,852.5   26,173.8   3,119.1   7,937.0   ..   ..   269,105.3
B. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year for performing loans including restructured loans   12,295.0   3,379.4   11,943.0   5,561.9   7.1   898.9   ..   118,124.2 1   152,209.5
C. Aggregate provision for loan losses at the end of the year (A) + (B)   164,495.1   54,202.2   40,795.5   31,735.7   3,126.2   8,835.9   ..   118,124.2   421,314.8
Closing balance of provision: individually evaluated for impairment   164,495.1   54,202.2   40,795.5   31,735.7   3,126.2   8,835.9   ..   ..   303,190.6
Closing balance of provision: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   118,124.2   118,124.2
Closing balance of provision: loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   At
                                            March 31, 2022, the Bank held Covid-19 related provisions of Rs. 74,500.0 million which is
                                            included in the above amount.

While
the Group assesses the incremental specific provisions after taking into consideration the existing specific provision held, the amounts
recovered against debts written off in earlier years and provisions no longer considered necessary in the context of the current status
of the borrower are recognized in the profit and loss account. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary adopted IFRS 9 – Financial
instruments from April 1, 2018 and measures impairment loss on all financial assets using expected credit loss model based on a three-stage
approach. At March 31, 2024, the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary classified exposure of Rs. 102,418.0 million as Stage-2 (March 31,
2023: Rs. 63,524.7 million) (financial assets, that are not credit impaired, but which have experienced significant increase in credit
risk since origination), with allowance for expected credit loss of Rs. 761.7 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 882.70 million) in fiscal
2024.

F-
94

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Aging Analysis
of Past Due Financing Receivable - Performing Loans

Any
amount due under a credit facility is considered as ‘past due’ if it remains unpaid for more than 30 days from the due date.

The
following table sets forth the aging analysis of past due performing loans at March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Current 1   31 to 60 days   61 to 90 days   Above 90 days 2   Total past
    due 3
Commercial loans
Term loans   2,043,084.7   1,176.9   272.3   ..   1,449.2
Working capital facilities 4   3,010,208.0   3,391.3   946.7   ..   4,338.0
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   4,058,348.7   20,825.5   6,331.5   ..   27,157.0
Other secured loans   1,599,903.2   14,903.1   6,109.3   40,927.4   61,939.8
Credit card receivables   502,173.1   7,306.5   3,715.5   ..   11,022.0
Other unsecured loans   1,221,632.8   7,000.7   2,559.9   ..   9,560.6
Lease financing   34.3   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   12,435,384.8   54,604.0   19,935.2   40,927.4   115,466.6

1.   Loans
                                            up to 30 days past due are considered current.

2.   Primarily
                                            includes crop related agriculture loans overdue less than 360 days.

3.   The
                                            amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and
                                            not the borrower-level outstanding.

4.   Includes
                                            bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

The
following table sets forth the aging analysis of past due performing loans at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Current 1   31 to 60 days   61 to 90 days   Above 90 days 2   Total past
    due 3
Commercial loans
Term loans   1,903,035.5   2,014.0   23.0   57.5   2,094.5
Working capital facilities 4   2,504,446.0   4,700.1   814.0   ..   5,514.1
Consumer loans
Mortgage loans   3,648,352.9   18,153.0   4,797.1   ..   22,950.1
Other secured loans   1,329,423.0   12,985.6   4,400.3   35,527.8   52,913.7
Credit card receivables   371,590.8   4,583.0   2,153.6   ..   6,736.6
Other unsecured loans   927,359.5   6,011.3   2,006.2   ..   8,017.5
Lease financing   50.2   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   10,684,257.9   48,447.0   14,194.2   35,585.3   98,226.5

1.   Loans
                                            up to 30 days past due are considered current.

2.   Primarily
                                            includes crop related agriculture loans overdue less than 360 days.

3.   The
                                            amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and
                                            not the borrower-level outstanding.

4.   Includes
                                            bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit and loans repayable on demand.

Credit quality
indicators of loans

The Group has a
comprehensive framework for monitoring credit quality of its commercial loans based on internal ratings and of its consumer loans based
on delinquency status. For the majority of the portfolio, the credit rating of every borrower/portfolio is reviewed at least annually.
For the purpose of disclosure, the Group has used internal ratings as credit quality indicator for commercial loans, for consumer loans
the Group has considered the delinquency status as a credit quality indicator.

F-
95

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
following table sets forth a description of internal rating grades linked to the likelihood of default associated with each rating grade:

Grade   Definition
(I)
    Investment grade   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer moderate to high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
AAA,
    AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer high protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
A+,
    A, A-, 3A-C   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer an adequate degree of protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
BBB+,
    BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer moderate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.
(II)
    Below investment grade (BB and B, D, 5, 6, 7, 8)   Entities/obligations
    are judged to offer inadequate protection with regard to timely payment of financial obligations.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of commercial loans at March 31, 2024.

Rupees
    in million
Non-revolving
    loans originated in   Revolving loans 1   Total
    loans
Fiscal
    2024   Fiscal
    2023   Fiscal
    2022   Fiscal
    2021   Fiscal
    2020   Prior
    to 2020
Rating
    grades
Investment
    grade   738,901.8   525,293.0   238,169.3   214,059.9   35,932.3   146,206.1   3,061,161.6   4,959,724.0
AAA, AA+, AA,
    AA-, 1, 2A-C   82,547.9   149,635.0   111,517.8   159,183.5   4,027.9   42,694.8   1,536,636.0   2,086,242.9
A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   386,705.4   226,100.7   69,475.8   28,924.2   21,303.0   40,661.3   515,157.4   1,288,327.8
BBB+, BBB and
    BBB-, 4A-C   269,648.5   149,557.3   57,175.7   25,952.2   10,601.4   62,850.0   1,009,368.2   1,585,153.3
Below investment
    grade 1   1,346.9   6,436.4   7,774.6   4,366.8   7,270.1   117,306.6   69,225.2   213,726.6
Unrated   9,774.7   2,885.9   1,483.1   923.3   189.0   43.1   30,740.9   46,040.0
Total Gross
    loans   750,023.4   534,615.3   247,427.0   219,350.0   43,391.4   263,555.8   3,161,127.7   5,219,490.6
Provisions   (216.5)   (87.4)   (727.4)   (3,220.6)   (4,060.4)   (101,345.6)   (36,812.5)   (146,470.4)
Total net loans   749,806.9   534,527.9   246,699.6   216,129.4   39,331.0   162,210.2   3,124,315.2   5,073,020.2
Gross
    write-offs during Fiscal 2024   3.3   5.8   ..   691.5   300.7   8,310.0   4,683.7   13,995.0

1.   Includes
                                            bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand
                                            loans.

2.   Commercial
                                            loans also include small business loans which are generally rated at portfolio level.

F-
96

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of commercial loans at March 31, 2023.

 Rupees
in million

Non-revolving loans originated in   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2020   Fiscal 2019   Prior to 2019
Rating grades
Investment grade   659,545.2   411,265.7   462,604.6   95,575.0   136,339.4   87,951.8   2,465,344.3   4,318,626.0
AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C   167,007.1   168,070.2   319,275.2   26,165.5   49,785.4   7,605.0   1,269,312.1   2,007,220.5
A+, A, A-, 3 A-C   273,277.7   146,146.2   96,742.6   40,918.1   41,440.3   37,542.3   554,962.3   1,191,029.5
BBB+, BBB and BBB-, 4A-C   219,260.4   97,049.3   46,586.8   28,491.4   45,113.7   42,804.5   641,069.9   1,120,376.0
Below investment grade 1   548.8   5,975.2   8,070.9   11,459.8   8,767.6   151,848.9   70,927.4   257,598.6
Unrated   2,228.4   1,992.3   1,069.6   93.4   83.1   128.4   43,249.3   48,844.5
Total Gross loans   662,322.4   419,233.2   471,745.1   107,128.2   145,190.1   239,929.1   2,579,521.0   4,625,069.1
Provision   (27.6)   (667.0)   (3,628.2)   (5,375.1)   (4,403.0)   (132,731.6)   (44,127.5)   (190,960.0)
Total net loans   662,294.8   418,566.2   468,116.9   101,753.1   140,787.1   107,197.5   2,535,393.5   4,434,109.1

1.   Includes bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand loans.

2.   Commercial
                                            loans also include small business loans which are generally rated at portfolio level.

F-
97

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of consumer loans at March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Non-revolving loans originated in   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Fiscal 2024   Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2020   Prior to 2020
Mortgage loans   1,058,359.7   944,437.2   741,506.4   462,162.0   298,995.5   628,794.0   ..   4,134,254.8
Current 2   1,055,934.6   933,511.8   728,961.8   452,228.4   283,421.8   604,290.3   ..   4,058,348.7
Performing loans which are overdue 3   912.3   4,061.5   4,205.4   3,352.7   5,400.7   9,224.4   ..   27,157.0
Non-performing loans   1,512.8   6,863.9   8,339.2   6,580.9   10,173.0   15,279.3   ..   48,749.1
Other secured loans   767,285.7   351,286.0   158,656.6   69,620.7   29,365.0   18,026.4   313,650.5   1,707,890.9
Current 2   761,825.0   337,644.1   150,158.8   64,520.2   25,642.2   13,468.0   246,644.9   1,599,903.2
Performing loans which are overdue 3   3,180.5   8,376.2   4,929.6   2,792.9   1,736.6   960.8   39,963.2   61,939.8
Non-performing loans   2,280.2   5,265.7   3,568.2   2,307.6   1,986.2   3,597.6   27,042.4   46,047.9
Credit card receivables   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   523,037.0   523,037.0
Current 2   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   502,173.1   502,173.1
Performing loans which are overdue 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   11,022.0   11,022.0
Non-performing loans   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   9,841.9   9,841.9
Other unsecured loans   715,013.9   348,249.8   118,523.5   32,341.8   13,655.3   1,188.1   16,813.9   1,245,786.3
Current 2   709,942.8   337,304.6   113,432.7   30,961.7   12,429.1   790.0   16,771.9   1,221,632.8
Performing loans which are overdue 3   2,484.1   4,340.0   1,772.8   601.0   309.5   48.3   4.9   9,560.6
Non-performing loans   2,587.0   6,605.2   3,318.0   779.1   916.7   349.8   37.1   14,592.9
Total Gross loans   2,540,659.3   1,643,973.0   1,018,686.5   564,124.5   342,015.8   648,008.5   853,501.4   7,610,969.0
Provisons   (3,597.3)   (10,145.8)   (8,141.5)   (5,570.5)   (8,076.3)   (12,713.0)   (27,982.8)   (76,227.2)
Total net loans   2,537,062.0   1,633,827.2   1,010,545.0   558,554.0   333,939.5   635,295.5   825,518.6   7,534,741.8
Gross write-offs during Fiscal 2024   908.4   8,952.2   6,649.4   3,963.8   4,688.0   5,321.3   15,850.1   46,333.2

1.   Includes
                                            bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand
                                            loans.

2.   Loans
                                            up to 30 days past due are considered current.

3.   The
                                            amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and
                                            not the borrower-level outstanding.

F-
98

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, credit quality indicators of consumer loans at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million
Non-revolving loans originated in   Revolving loans 1   Total loans
Fiscal 2023   Fiscal 2022   Fiscal 2021   Fiscal 2020   Fiscal 2019   Prior to 2019
Mortgage loans   1,023,647.7   905,818.5   584,310.6   377,770.5   268,411.7   557,587.2   ..   3,717,546.2
Current 2   1,021,255.4   898,891.7   575,522.4   358,817.6   257,364.8   536,501.0   ..   3,648,352.9
Performing loans which are overdue 3   1,116.9   2,370.2   3,217.2   6,185.6   3,834.1   6,226.1   ..   22,950.1
Non-performing loans   1,275.4   4,556.6   5,571.0   12,767.3   7,212.8   14,860.1   ..   46,243.2
Other secured loans   629,897.7   272,288.8   139,295.2   69,607.2   28,311.1   14,824.3   268,299.9   1,422,524.2
Current 2   625,398.8   263,675.7   130,980.1   62,204.9   24,570.9   10,290.5   212,302.1   1,329,423.0
Performing loans which are overdue 3   2,448.7   5,665.0   4,874.0   3,772.5   1,956.7   585.1   33,611.7   52,913.7
Non-performing loans   2,050.2   2,948.1   3,441.1   3,629.8   1,783.5   3,948.7   22,386.1   40,187.5
Credit card receivables   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   384,163.8   384,163.8
Current 2   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   371,590.8   371,590.8
Performing loans which are overdue 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   6,736.6   6,736.6
Non-performing loans   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   5,836.4   5,836.4
Other unsecured loans   574,768.1   224,726.6   73,289.6   39,214.0   9,758.0   1,953.6   21,940.9   945,650.8
Current 2   570,345.3   219,149.6   70,453.9   37,104.4   8,929.9   435.7   20,940.7   927,359.5
Performing loans which are overdue 3   2,279.0   2,233.9   1,087.5   921.3   231.7   1,226.7   37.4   8,017.5
Non-performing loans   2,143.8   3,343.1   1,748.2   1,188.3   596.4   291.2   962.8   10,273.8
Total Gross loans   2,228,313.5   1,402,833.9   796,895.4   486,591.7   306,480.8   574,365.1   674,404.6   6,469,885.0
Provisions   (2,984.6)   (5,665.2)   (5,825.6)   (11,205.2)   (5,984.6)   (11,983.6)   (21,682.2)   (65,331.0)
Total net loans   2,225,328.9   1,397,168.7   791,069.8   475,386.5   300,496.2   562,381.5   652,722.4   6,404,554.0

1.   Includes
                                            bills purchased and discounted, overdrafts, cash credit, credit cards and revolving demand
                                            loans.

2.   Loans
                                            up to 30 days past due are considered current.

3.   The
                                            amount disclosed represents the outstanding amount of the facility which has overdues, and
                                            not the borrower-level outstanding.

F-
99

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

8.       Financial
assets transferred during the year to securitization company/reconstruction company

The
Bank has transferred certain assets to securitization companies’/asset reconstruction companies in compliance with the terms of
the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India governing such transfer. The Bank transfers its non-performing assets to asset reconstruction
companies primarily in exchange for receipt of cash or securities in the form of security receipts issued by such asset reconstruction
companies, wherein payments to holders of securities are based on the actual realized cash flows from the transferred assets. In accordance
with Reserve Bank of India guidelines, in case of non-performing loans sold to asset reconstruction companies, the Bank reverses the
excess provision in profit and loss account in the year in which amounts are received. Any shortfall of sale value over the net book
value on sale of such assets is recognized by the Bank in the year in which the assets are sold. For the purpose of the valuation of
underlying security receipts issued by underlying trusts managed by asset reconstruction companies, the security receipts are valued
at their respective net asset values as advised by the asset reconstruction companies.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the details of the assets transferred.

Rupees in million, except
    number of accounts
Year
    ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Number of accounts 1   21 2   205 2   561 2
Aggregate value (net of provisions) of accounts sold to securitization
    company/reconstruction company   - 2   286.3 2   630.5 2
Aggregate consideration   1,861.9 3   1,739.9   2,340.7
Aggregate gain/(loss) over net book value   1,861.9   1,453.6   1,710.2
Provision reversed to profit
    and loss account on account of sale of NPAs   626.4   1,453.6   1,710.2

1.   Excludes
                                            accounts previously written-off.

2.   Includes
                                            Nil consumer loans (Fiscal 2023: 196 consumer loans amounting to Rs. 162.5 million, Fiscal
                                            2022: 557 consumer loans amounting to Rs. 385.7 million)

3.   Includes
                                            consideration of Rs. 1,235.4 million in form of security receipts which are fully provided.

F-
100

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

9.       Details
of non-performing assets sold, excluding those sold to securitization company/reconstruction company

The
Bank sells certain non-performing assets to entities other than securitization company/reconstruction company in compliance with the
terms of the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India on such sale. During Fiscal 2024 the Bank has not sold any non-performing
assets to entities other than securitization company/reconstruction company.

The
following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the details of non-performing assets sold to entities, excluding those sold to
securitization company/reconstruction company.

Rupees in million, except number of accounts

Year
ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
No. of accounts 1   -   1   3
Aggregate value (net of provisions) of accounts sold, excluding
    those sold to securitization company/reconstruction company   -   ..   188.6
Aggregate consideration   -   15.7   1,164.1
Aggregate gain/(loss) over
    net book value   -   15.7   975.5

1.   Represents
                                            corporate loans.

10.       Concentration
of credit risk

Concentration
of credit risk exists when changes in economic, industry or geographic factors affect groups of counter-parties whose aggregate credit
exposure is material in relation to the Group’s total credit exposure. The Group’s portfolio of financial instruments is
broadly diversified along industry, product and geographic lines primarily within India.

The
Group is subject to supervision guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The Group’s 20 largest exposures (non-bank) based
on gross exposure (credit, derivative and investments), totaled to Rs. 2,004,067.8 million at March 31, 2024 which represented 96.2%
of the capital funds (March 31, 2023: Rs. 1,741,788.4 million represented 96.3% of the capital funds). The single largest exposure (non-bank)
at March 31, 2024 was Rs. 198,649.4 million, which was included in rating category “AAA, AA+, AA, AA-, 1, 2A-C”, represented
9.5% of the capital funds (March 31, 2023: Rs. 221,107.0 million represented 12.2% of the capital funds).

The
largest group of companies under the same management control accounted for 30.7% of the capital funds at March 31, 2024 (March 31, 2023:
25.9% of the capital funds).

11.       Loan
commitments

The
Group has outstanding undrawn commitments to provide loans and financing to customers. These loan commitments aggregated to Rs. 6,232,555.7
million (including fund based commitments fungible with non-fund based facilities) at March 31, 2024 (March 31, 2023: Rs. 4,992,056.3
million). The interest rate on a significant portion of these commitments is dependent on the lending rates prevailing on the date of
the loan disbursement. Further, the commitments have fixed expiration dates and are generally contingent upon the borrower’s ability
to maintain specific credit standards.

F-
101

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

12.       Capital
commitments

The
Group is obligated under a number of capital contracts. Capital contracts are job orders of a capital nature, which have been committed.
The amounts of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account aggregated to Rs. 23,345.1 million at March 31, 2024 (March 31,
2023: Rs. 16,947.2 million).

13.       Derivatives

ICICI
Bank is a participant in the financial derivatives market. The Bank deals in derivatives for balance sheet management, proprietary trading
and market making purposes whereby the Bank offers derivative products to its customers, enabling them to hedge their risks.

Dealing
in derivatives is carried out by identified groups in the treasury of the Bank based on the purpose of the transaction. Derivative transactions
are entered into by the treasury front office. The Bank’s Treasury and Securities Services Group conducts an independent check
of the transactions entered into by the front office and also undertakes activities such as confirmation, settlement, accounting, and
ensures compliance with various internal and regulatory guidelines. The Bank’s Treasury Monitoring and Reporting Group is responsible
for reporting of performance of treasury groups (daily treasury reports), reports related to Liquidity and Interest rate risk in the
banking book report and position & limit reporting (Value at Risk, Net Open Position and stop loss, etc.).

The
market making and the proprietary trading activities in derivatives are governed by the Investment Policy which include Derivative policy
of the Bank, which lays down the position limits, stop loss limits as well as other risk limits. The Risk Management Group lays down
the methodology for computation and monitoring of risk. The Risk Committee of the Board reviews the Bank’s risk management policy
in relation to various risks including Credit and Recovery Policy, Investment Policy including Derivative Policy, Asset Liability Management
Policy and Operational Risk Management Policy. The Risk Committee of the Board comprises independent directors and the Executive Director
of the Bank.

The
Bank measures and monitors risk of its derivatives portfolio using risk metrics such as Value at Risk (VaR), stop loss limits and relevant
greeks for options. Risk reporting on derivatives forms an integral part of the management information system.

Over
the counter derivative transactions are covered under International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreements with the respective
counter parties. The exposure on account of derivative transactions is computed as per RBI guidelines.

The
Board of Directors had authorised the Asset Liability Management Committee to review and approve matters, as applicable, pertaining to
the London Inter-Bank Offer Rate transition to alternate risk free rates. The cessation of USD London Inter-Bank Offer Rate and INR Mumbai
Interbank Forward Outright Rate indices occurred at the end of June 2023. The necessary changes were implemented in the treasury system
of the Bank to handle the transition of existing trades of USD London Inter-Bank Offer Rate and INR Mumbai Interbank Forward Outright
Rate to relevant approved benchmarks (USD Secured Overnight Financing Rate and INR Modified Mumbai Interbank Forward Outright Rate).
The transition for USD London Inter-Bank Offer Rate and INR Mumbai Interbank Forward Outright Rate was carried out by June 30, 2023 within
the Bank. The CAD Canadian Dollar Offered Rate is expected to be ceased at the end June 2024 and will be migrated to new benchmark index
which is CAD Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average.

The
use of derivatives for hedging purposes is governed by the hedge policy approved by the Asset Liability Management Committee. Subject
to prevailing regulatory guidelines, the Group deals in derivatives for hedging fixed rate, floating rate or foreign currency assets/liabilities.
Transactions for hedging and market making purposes are recorded separately. For hedge transactions, the Bank

F-
102

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

identifies the
hedged item (asset or liability) at the inception of the hedge itself. The effectiveness is assessed at the time of inception of the
hedge and periodically thereafter.

Based
on guidelines issued by Reserve Bank of India on June 26, 2019, the accounting of hedge relationships established after June 26, 2019
is in accordance with the Guidance Note on Accounting for Derivative Contracts issued by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Accordingly, for fair value hedges established after June 26, 2019, the hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being
hedged) are measured at fair value with changes recognized in the profit and loss account by the Bank. The swaps under hedge relationships
established prior to that date are accounted for on an accrual basis and are not marked-to-market unless their underlying transaction
is marked-to-market. The Group companies measure the hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) at fair value
with changes recognized in the profit and loss account for fair value hedge. To the extent a cash flow hedge is effective, the change
in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recognized in cash flow hedge reserve. The ineffective portion of the hedge is accounted
in the profit and loss account. The premium or discount arising on inception of forward exchange contracts, which are not hedging instruments
and are not intended for trading purpose, is amortized over the life of the contract as interest income/expense.

Credit
exposure on interest rate and currency derivative transactions (both trading and hedging), is computed using the current exposure method
according to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, which is arrived at by adding up the positive mark-to-market values and the potential
future exposure of these contracts. According to the Reserve Bank of India guidelines, the potential future exposure is determined by
multiplying the notional principal amount of each of these contracts (irrespective of whether the mark-to-market value of these contracts
is zero, positive or negative value) by the relevant add-on factor, ranging from 0.5% to 15%, according to the type of contract and residual
maturity of the instrument. The credit exposure for equity futures is computed based on the market value and open quantity of the contracts
at the balance sheet date and credit exposure for equity options is computed based on the price sensitivity of the option and open quantity
of the contracts at the balance sheet date.

The
following table sets forth the details of the notional amounts, fair value, realized/unrealized gain and loss on derivatives and credit
exposure of trading derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees
    in million
Particulars   Notional
amount   Gross
positive fair value   Gross
negative fair value   Gain/(loss)
on derivatives 4   Credit
exposure 3
Interest rate derivatives 1   35,484,180.4   95,809.8   (86,808.5)   (1,467.5)   404,958.4
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   19,114,977.5   53,486.3   (75,028.3)   36,210.5   484,773.6
Equity derivatives   2,519.9   7.5   ..   1,160.7   692.1
Un-funded credit derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   Includes
                                            foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes
                                            foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

3.   Credit
                                            exposure is computed as per Current Exposure Method (CEM) without bilateral netting.

4.   The
                                            Bank has recovered Rs. 175.4 million from earlier recorded credit losses.

The
following table sets forth the details of the notional amounts, fair value, realized/unrealized gain and loss on derivatives and credit
exposure of trading derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2023.

F-
103

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees
    in million
Particulars   Notional
amount   Gross
positive fair value   Gross
negative fair value   Gain/(loss)
on derivatives   Credit
exposure 3
Interest rate derivatives 1   30,733,301.9   99,901.1   (90,108.3)   19,050.3   365,955.3
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 2   17,100,573.5   64,120.8   (78,607.9)   25,220.1   501,130.1
Equity derivatives   9,629.1   4.3   (1.1)   (602.0)   261.1
Un-funded credit derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   Includes
                                            foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes
                                            foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

3.   Credit
                                            exposure is computed as per Current Exposure Method (CEM) without bilateral netting.

The
following table sets forth the details of the notional amounts, marked-to-market position and credit exposure of hedging derivatives
for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees
    in million
Particulars   Notional
amount   Gross
positive fair value   Gross
negative fair value   Credit
exposure
Interest rate derivatives 1   457,611.8   1,374.1   (7,409.7)   4,115.5
Currency derivatives (including
    foreign exchange derivatives) 2   ..   ..   ..   ..

1.   Includes
                                            foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes
                                            foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

The
following table sets forth the details of the notional amounts, marked-to-market position and credit exposure of hedging derivatives
for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees
    in million
Particulars   Notional
amount   Gross
positive fair value   Gross
negative fair value   Credit
exposure
Interest rate derivatives 1   426,018.2   1,184.0   (7,409.0)   5,343.3
Currency derivatives (including
    foreign exchange derivatives) 2   5,996.9   122.9   ..   119.9

1.   Includes
                                            foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements and swap options.

2.   Includes
                                            foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency futures.

The
gains/(losses) on hedged items arising from changes in fair value for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 amounted to Rs. (24.2) million and
Rs. 5,282.2 million respectively and gains/(losses) on corresponding hedging instruments arising from changes in fair value during fiscal
2024 and fiscal 2023 amounted to Rs. 442.7 million and Rs. (5,176.4) million respectively.

The
gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges recorded in cash flow hedge reserve for fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023 amounted to Rs. 6,797.2 million
and Rs. 981.2 million respectively. At year-end fiscal 2024, Nil loss (at year-end fiscal 2023: loss of Rs. 6.3 million) recorded in
cash flow hedge reserve is expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months. This amount could differ from amounts
actually recognized due to changes in interest rates, hedge de-designations or the addition of other hedges subsequent to year-end fiscal
2024. During fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, there were no gains/(losses) reclassified from cash flow hedge reserve into earnings on account
of discontinuance of cash flow hedges. At year-end fiscal 2024, the maximum length of time over which the Group was hedging its exposure
to the variability in future cash flows was 120 months (year-end fiscal 2023: 129 months). At year-end fiscal 2024, accumulated cash
flow hedge reserve was Rs. 7,319.6 million (year-end fiscal 2023: Rs. 544.4 million). During fiscal 2024, net amount of gain/(loss) reclassified
from accumulated cash flow hedge reserve to earnings was Rs. (22.0) million (fiscal 2023: Rs. 15.1 million).

F-
104

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Additionally,
the Group has also hedged the foreign currency exposure of its net investment in foreign operations through currency forward contracts
of a notional amount of Rs. 47,989.3 million at March 31, 2024 (March 31, 2023: Rs. 47,036.0 million). The gross positive and negative
fair values of these hedging instruments were Rs. 221.2 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 354.6 million) and Rs. (31.3) million (March 31,
2023: Rs. (49.1) million) respectively and the credit exposure was Rs. 1,325.8 million at March 31, 2024 (March 31, 2023: Rs. 1,690.7
million).

As
per the Basel III Regulations, banks may adopt the comprehensive approach, which allows fuller offset of collateral against exposures,
by effectively reducing the exposure amount by the value ascribed to the collateral. Therefore, mark-to-market receivable has been fully
off-set against the collateral received from the counterparty and the excess collateral posted over the net mark-to-market payable is
reckoned as exposure till fiscal 2023. Since the collateral received is counterparty wise and not product wise, the derivative exposure
reported above has not been adjusted for the collateral received/posted.

At
March 31, 2024, collateral utilized against mark-to-market receivable of the Bank was Rs. 17,873.3 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 11,775.9
million), excess collateral posted over net mark-to-market payable was Rs. 3,897.1 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 1,118.2 million) and
the net credit exposure post collateral netting on forex and derivatives was Rs. 771,291.1 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 779,476.0 million).

14.       Tax
contingencies

Various
tax-related legal proceedings are pending against the Group at various levels of appeal either with the tax authorities or in the courts.
Where, after considering all available information, a liability requires accrual in the opinion of management, the Group accrues such
liability.

Where
such proceedings are sufficiently advanced to enable management to assess that a liability exists and are subject to reasonable estimation,
management records its best estimate of such liability. The contested tax demands are adjusted by the tax authorities against refunds
due to the Group on favorable resolution of other years’ appeals/completion of assessments or paid or kept in abeyance in accordance
with the terms of the stay order. The payment/adjustment/stay does not prejudice the outcome of the appeals filed by the Group. The tax
payments are recorded as tax paid under other assets.

At
March 31, 2024, the Group has assessed its contingent tax liability at an aggregate of Rs. 103,487.0 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 82,515.2
million), mainly pertaining to income tax, service tax, goods and services tax and sales tax/ value added tax demands by the Indian tax
authorities for past years. The Group has appealed each of these tax demands. Based on consultation with counsel and favorable decisions
in the Group’s own or other similar cases as set out below, the Group’s management believes that the tax authorities are
not likely to be able to substantiate their tax assessments and accordingly has not provided for these tax demands at March 31, 2024.
Disputed tax issues that are classified as remote are not disclosed as contingent liabilities by the Group.

The
Group’s contingent liabilities on income tax and interest tax amounted to Rs. 83,170.4 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 72,410.0 million)
which include appeals filed by the Group or the tax authorities, where the Group is relying on favorable precedent decisions of the appellate
authorities and counsel opinions. The key disputed liabilities are detailed below:

Disallowance
of expenses to earn tax-free income: Rs. 28,639.0 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 29,002.9 million)
mainly relates to whether interest
expenses can be attributed to earning tax-free income. The Group believes that no interest can be allocated thereto as there are no borrowings
earmarked for investments in shares/tax-free bonds and the interest free funds are sufficient to cover investments in the underlying
tax-free securities. The Group relies on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities in Group’s
own cases and other similar cases.

F-
105

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Mark-to-market
losses on derivatives: Rs. 15,625.9 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 15,003.8 million)
relates to the disallowance of mark-to-market
losses on derivative transactions treated by the tax authorities as notional losses. The Group relies on favorable opinion from the counsel
and past decision by the appellate authorities in Group’s own cases and other similar cases, which had allowed the deduction of
mark-to-market losses from business income.

Provision
for operating expense: Rs. 6,950.5 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 5,258.2 million)
relates to disallowance of provision for operating
expense by the tax authorities treating it as contingent in nature. The group relies on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions
by the appellate authorities in other similar cases.

Interest
on perpetual bonds: Rs 10,685.4 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 5,145.6 million)
 relates to the disallowance of interest paid on perpetual
bonds. The tax authorities do not deem these as borrowings and therefore the interest paid on these bonds has not been allowed as a deduction.
The Group relies on favorable opinion from counsel and the past decision by the appellate authorities in the Group’s own case and
other similar cases.

Depreciation
on leased assets: Rs. 6,303.5 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 4,723.3 million
) relates to the disallowance of depreciation claimed on
leased assets due to treatment of the lease transactions as loan transactions by the tax authorities. The Group relies on favorable opinion
from the counsel and past decisions by the appellate authorities in Group’s own case and other similar cases.

Disallowance
of write off in respect of credit cards: Rs. 3,993.2 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 3,570.9 million)
 relates to the disallowance of
written-off amount for credit cards for claiming bad debt write-offs. It was disallowed on the ground that the credit card business is
not a banking business or pertaining to money lending and hence did not fulfill conditions for claim of bad debt write off. The Group
has relied on the favorable opinion from counsel and past decision by the appellate authorities in Group’s own case and other similar
cases.

Interest
on non-performing assets: Rs. 5,128.5 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 3,410.4 million)
relates to interest on non-performing assets
de-recognized as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines after 90 days. Interest income is assessed to tax on the ground that tax law
has 180 days limit as against 90 days followed by the Bank. The Group has relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decisions
by the appellate authorities in Group’s own and other similar cases.

Taxability
under section 41(4A) of amounts withdrawn from Special Reserve created up to Assessment Year 1997-98: Rs. 1,030.6 million (March 31,
2023: Rs. 1,030.6 million)
 relates to two special reserve accounts maintained by the Group, which included a special reserve created
up to assessment year 1997-98. Withdrawals from the account were assessed as taxable by the tax authorities for assessment years 1998-99
to 2000-01. The Group has received favorable orders in respect of these assessment years. However, the income tax authorities have preferred
further appeal against the favorable orders.

The
Group’s contingent liabilities on service tax and goods and services tax amounted to Rs. 19,081.9 million (March 31, 2023: Rs.
8,888.4 million), which mainly pertain to the demands along with interest and penalty levied by the respective tax authorities. The key
disputed liabilities are detailed below.

Disallowance
of CENVAT credit on interchange fees: Rs. 2,048.0 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 2,048.0 million)
 relates to disallowance of CENVAT
credit on ATM interchange fees paid to acquiring banks and switching fee paid to settlement agency on the basis of monthly statement
and 100% penalty on the same. The Group has relied on a favorable opinion from counsel.

F-
106

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Service
tax on interchange fees: Rs. 1,488.7 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 1,488.7 million)
 relates to service tax and interest on interchange
fees received by the Bank as an issuing bank. The Group has relied on a favorable opinion from counsel.

Disallowance
of CENVAT credit on Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation (DICGC) premium: Rs. 1,012.6 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 982.6
million)
 relates to disallowance of CENVAT credit availed by the Bank on deposit insurance premium paid by the Bank to DICGC. The
Group has relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past decision by appellate authorities in other similar cases.

Service
tax credit (CENVAT) denied: Rs. 3,805.2 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 3,670.0 million)
 pertaining to ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited relates to disallowance of CENVAT credit
in respect of services of re-insurance of motor insurance policies and contesting
the methodology of computation of CENVAT credit reversal.
 The Group has relied on favorable opinion from counsel and past
decision by appellate authorities in other similar cases.

Goods
and Services Tax: Rs. 4,920.6 million (March 31, 2023: NIL)
pertaining to ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited relates
to show cause notice from DGGI (Directorate General of Goods and Services Tax Intelligence) towards denial of input tax credit availed
and utilized on certain expenses pertaining to advertisement and manpower services. The Group has relied on favorable opinion from counsel.

The
Group’s contingent liabilities on sales tax/value added tax amounted to Rs. 1,234.7 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 1,214.6 million)
by various state government authorities. The matters mainly pertain to procedural issues like submission of statutory forms and adhoc
additions in turnover. The Group has relied on favorable opinions from the counsels and decisions in own/other cases.

Based
on judicial precedents in the Group’s and other cases and upon consultation with the tax counsels, the management believes that
it is more likely than not that the Group’s tax positions will be sustained. Accordingly, no provision has been made in the accounts.

The
above mentioned contingent liabilities do not include Rs. 141,164.0 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 34,988.3 million) considered as remote.
Of the total disputed tax demands classified as remote, Rs. 92,123.8 million pertains to the demand of inadvertently denied advance tax
credit and incorrect tax rate considered by tax authorities for Fiscal 2021, Rs. 25,945.0 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 30,493.8 million)
mainly pertains to the deduction of bad debts, broken period interest, and levy of penalties, which are covered by favorable decisions
by the Supreme Court of India in the Group’s own/other cases, Rs. 19,017.5 million pertains to non-payment of goods and services
tax on co-insurance premium and re-insurance commission in case of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Rs. 4,077.7 million
(March 31, 2023: Rs. 3,632.3 million) pertains to errors requiring rectification by tax authorities. Therefore, these are not required
to be disclosed as contingent liability.

15.       Litigation

A
number of litigations and claims against the Group (and its directors and officers) are pending in various forums. The claims on the
Group (and its directors and officers) mainly arise in connection with civil cases involving allegations of service deficiencies, property
or labor disputes, fraudulent transactions, economic offences and other cases filed in the normal course of business. The Group is also
subject to counter-claims arising in connection with its enforcement of contracts and loans. A provision is created where an unfavorable
outcome is deemed probable and in respect of which a reliable estimate can be made. In view of inherent unpredictability of litigation
and cases where claims sought are substantial in value, actual cost of resolving litigations may be substantially different than the
provision held or the contingent liability recognized. For cases where unfavorable outcome is deemed to be reasonably possible, it is
not possible to make an estimate of the possible loss or range of

F-
107

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

possible losses
though aggregate of such amounts are recognized as contingent liabilities. The total amount of claims against the Group where an unfavorable
outcome is deemed ‘probable’ was Rs. 12,530.9 million against which provision of Rs. 7,500.6 million has been recognized.
The total amount of claims where unfavorable outcome is deemed ‘possible’ was Rs. 7,288.1 million at March 31, 2024, which
has been included under contingent liability of the Group. Based upon a review of open matters with its legal counsels including loss
contingency on account of such litigation and claims, and classification of such contingency as 'probable', 'possible' or 'remote' and
with due provisioning for the relevant litigation and claims, the management believes that the outcome of such matters will not have
a material adverse effect on the Group's consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

F-
108

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

16.       Segmental
Information

	The following
table sets forth the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2024 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note
10A.

Rupees in million
Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking
    business   Life insurance   Others   Inter- segment
    adjustments   Total
1   Total income   1,345,475.7   717,802.2   1,137,018.3   64,034.0   542,361.3   159,326.8   (1,605,641.1)   2,360,377.2
External revenue   791,317.3   491,258.8   306,964.0   62,415.0   541,426.2   166,995.9   ..   2,360,377.2
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal revenue   554,158.4   226,543.4   830,054.3   1,619.0   935.1   (7,669.1)   (1,605,641.1)   ..
2   Segment results 1   188,491.7   199,717.1   146,408.8   16,384.0   9,232.3   62,301.7   (18,192.0)   604,343.6
3   Unallocated expenses   ..
4   Share of profit from associates   10,737.7
5   Operating profit 1 (2) – (3) + (4)   615,081.3
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   154,276.2
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   460,805.1
Other information
8   Segment assets   7,193,136.2   4,824,561.0   6,340,548.0   893,056.2   2,987,952.9   1,508,283.1   (182,618.8)   23,564,918.6
9   Unallocated assets   75,711.7
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   23,640,630.3
11   Segment liabilities   10,198,454.9   4,565,715.3   3,815,846.8 3   607,215.6 3   2,989,997.0 3   1,515,019.5 3   (182,618.8) 3   23,509,630.3
12   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
13   Total capital and liabilities (11) + (12)   23,640,630.3
14   Capital expenditure   19,984.4   7,806.3   1,390.0   598.4   3,128.9   3,669.0   ..   36,577.0
15   Depreciation   10,978.1   4,596.4   788.2   444.8   1,129.0   1,432.0   (16.4)   19,352.1

1.   Profit
                                            before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes
                                            share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes
                                            share capital and reserves and surplus.

4.   The
                                            results of reported segments for the year ended March 31, 2024 are not comparable with that
                                            of reported segments for the year ended March 31, 2023 to the extent new entities have been
                                            consolidated and entities that have been discontinued from consolidation.

F-
109

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table
sets forth the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2023 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note 10A.

Rupees in million
Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking
    business   Life insurance   Others   Inter- segment
    adjustments   Total
1   Total income   1,037,753.4   506,148.5   845,369.2   44,640.0   479,301.7   97,259.8   (1,148,684.6)   1,861,788.0
External revenue   624,349.7   366,629.6   241,880.1   44,192.1   478,712.6   106,023.9   ..   1,861,788.0
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal revenue   413,403.7   139,518.9   603,489.1   447.9   589.1   (8,764.1)   (1,148,684.6)   --
2   Segment results 1   175,336.8   157,857.8   140,372.1   10,014.5   8,968.9   42,023.7   (15,509.2)   519,064.6
3   Unallocated expenses   `56,500.0
4   Share of profit from associates   9,982.9
5   Operating profit 1 (2) – (3) + (4)   472,547.5
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   117,934.4
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   354,613.1
Other information
8   Segment assets   6,039,593.7   4,328,743.5   5,129,405.0   836,960.5   2,556,899.0   711,348.4   (114,612.3)   19,488,337.8
9   Unallocated assets   96,567.2
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   19,584,905.0
11   Segment liabilities   8,913,545.4   3,472,764.9   3,344,275.6 3   564,779.6 3   2,558,472.0 3   714,679.8 3   (114,612.3) 3   19,453,905.0
12   Unallocated liabilities   131,000.0
13   Total capital and liabilities (11) + (12)   19,584,905.0
14   Capital expenditure   11,682.9   5,251.8   610.6   455.2   1,357.0   1,884.8   ..   21,242.3
15   Depreciation   9,274.5   3,427.2   335.8   405.2   835.1   884.2   (16.4)   15,145.6

1.   Profit
                                            before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes
                                            share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes
                                            share capital and reserves and surplus.

F-
110

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table
sets forth, the business segment results for the year ended March 31, 2022 prepared on the basis described in Schedule 18 note 10A.

Rupees in million
Sr. no.   Particulars   Retail banking   Wholesale banking   Treasury   Other banking
    business   Life insurance   Others   Inter- segment
    adjustments   Total
1   Total income   846,392.2   399,714.9   673,210.9   27,784.1   453,402.4   87,332.5   (912,473.8)   1,575,363.2
External revenue   483,837.6   289,280.0   229,049.3   27,291.1   452,258.2   93,647.0   ..   1,575,363.2
Revenue from transfer pricing on external liabilities and other internal revenue   362,554.6   110,434.9   444,161.6   493.0   1,144.2   (6,314.5)   (912,473.8)   ..
2   Segment results 1   114,003.9   90,529.3   96,744.8   6,271.2   7,905.6   43,499.9   (16,792.0)   342,162.7
3   Unallocated expenses   (250.0)
4   Share of profit from associates   7,544.3
5   Operating profit 1 (2) – (3) + (4)   349,957.0
6   Income tax expenses (net)/(net deferred tax credit)   84,574.4
7   Net profit 2 (5) – (6)   265,382.6
Other information
8   Segment assets   4,876,519.3   3,790,918.0   5,218,960.9   682,866.9   2,440,064.2   516,534.8   (105,216.9)   17,420,647.2
9   Unallocated assets   105,726.6
10   Total assets (8) + (9)   17,526,373.8
11   Segment liabilities   7,918,942.5   3,213,907.0   2,933,413.9 3   541,143.1 3   2,441,543.2 3   520,286.4 3   (105,216.9) 3   17,464,019.2
12   Unallocated liabilities   62,354.6
13   Total capital and liabilities (11) + (12)   17,526,373.8
14   Capital expenditure   9,901.7   4,453.3   623.1   345.7   732.3   943.8   ..   16,999.9
15   Depreciation   8,068.8   3,130.8   399.6   321.9   669.1   726.3   (16.4)   13,300.1

1.   Profit
                                            before tax and minority interest.

2.   Includes
                                            share of net profit of minority shareholders.

3.   Includes
                                            share capital and reserves and surplus.

The Bank has pursued
a conscious strategy of increasing the share of retail deposits and re-balancing the funding mix. Accordingly, retail deposits have been
considerably higher than retail advances. Accordingly, segment liabilities of the retail business segment were higher as compared to
segment assets for above periods.

F-
111

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

17.       Revenue
from contracts with customers

The
Group recognizes the revenue from contracts with customers primarily in the line item ‘commission, exchange and brokerage’
of ‘Schedule 14 - Other income’. The primary components of commission, exchange and brokerage are transaction banking fee,
lending linked fee, fund management fee, commercial banking fee, securities brokerage income and third-party products distribution fee.

The
transaction banking fee primarily includes card related fee such as interchange fee, joining fee and annual fee, income on ATM transactions,
deposit accounts related transaction charges and charges for normal transaction banking services and fee on cash management services,
commission on bank guarantees, letters of credit and bills discounting. The lending linked fee primarily includes loan processing fee
and fee on foreclosure/prepayment of loans. The fund management fee includes the income earned by the Bank’s asset management subsidiary
on mutual fund schemes and by the private equity fund management subsidiary on private equity funds. The brokerage income earned by the
Bank’s securities broking subsidiary on securities transactions by its customers is included in the securities brokerage income.
The third-party products distribution fee primarily includes income earned on distribution of products such as mutual funds, insurance
products and bonds.

The
revenue is recognized at the time when the performance obligation under the terms of contractual arrangement is completed. The Group
generally recognizes the revenue either immediately upon completion of services or over time as the Group performs the services. In cases
where the consideration is received in advance from customers by the Group, a liability is recorded and the same is subsequently recognized
as revenue over the contract period or on completion of the performance obligation under the contract. The Group does not have any significant
contract assets and contract liabilities at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023.

The
segment-wise breakup of the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2024 is given below.

Rupees in million
Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other banking
    business   Life insurance   Others   Inter segment/ company adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking
fee   87,607.1   27,779.2   ..   2,202.4   ..   55.1   (753.2)   116,890.6
2   Lending linked fee   25,325.3   14,033.5   ..   1,118.4   7.0   2,174.8   (474.6)   42,184.4
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   34,890.6   (0.6)   34,890.0
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   18,774.2   (65.8)   18,708.4
5   Third-party products distribution fee   9,709.6   ..   ..   124.1   ..   6,846.6   (5,086.7)   11,593.6
6   Others   762.0   2,604.1   5.4   658.8   ..   8,676.8   (1,255.5)   11,451.7
Total   123,404.0   44,416.8   5.4   4,103.7   7.0   71,418.1   (7,636.4)   235,718.7

1.   Out
                                            of the total revenue of Rs. 235,718.7 million, amount of revenue recognized point in time
                                            is Rs. 215,461.4 million and amount of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 20,257.3
                                            million.

F-
112

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
segment-wise breakup of the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2023 is given below.

Rupees in million
Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other banking
    business   Life insurance   Others   Inter segment/
    company adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking
fee   75,390.4   22,871.7   ..   1,156.2   ..   37.5   (632.5)   98,823.3
2   Lending linked fee   23,659.0   13,403.0   ..   1,172.9   5.8   1,628.5   (253.8)   39,615.4
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   27,550.4   (0.6)   27,549.8
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   12,563.0   (6.8)   12,556.2
5   Third-party products distribution fee   9,390.9   ..   ..   0.4   ..   6,532.1   (5,673.4)   10,250.0
6   Others   811.3   1,342.7   10.2   408.2   ..   5,348.1   (230.5)   7,690.0
Total   109,251.6   37,617.4   10.2   2,737.7   5.8   53,659.6   (6,797.6)   196,484.7

1.   Out
                                            of the total revenue of Rs. 196,484.7 million, amount of revenue recognized point in time
                                            is Rs. 177,416.7 million and amount of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 19,068.0
                                            million

The
segment-wise breakup of the above components of the Group’s revenue for the year ended March 31, 2022 is given below.

Rupees in million
Sr. No.   Nature   Retail Banking   Wholesale Banking   Treasury   Other banking
    business   Life insurance   Others   Inter segment/ company adjustment   Total
1   Transaction banking fee   59,375.0   19,482.6   ..   799.6   ..   23.5   (783.1)   78,897.6
2   Lending linked fee   20,290.7   11,551.6   ..   540.6   ..   932.0   (274.8)   33,040.1
3   Fund management fee   ..   ..   ..   18.1   ..   24,634.3   (0.5)   24,651.9
4   Securities brokerage income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   15,526.0   (6.8)   15,519.2
5   Third-party products distribution
fee   11,166.9   ..   ..   0.6   ..   5,740.8   (7,506.0)   9,402.3
6   Others   2,754.7   1,576.0   13.8   455.1   4.6   6,576.4   (7.8)   11,372.8
Total   93,587.3   32,610.2   13.8   1,814.0   4.6   53,433.0   (8,579.0)   172,883.9

1.   Out
                                            of the total revenue of Rs. 172,883.9 million, amount of revenue recognized point in time
                                            is Rs. 154,800.3 million and amount of revenue recognized over the period is Rs. 18,083.6
                                            million.

F-
113

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

18.       Employee
Stock Option Scheme (ESOS)/ Employee Stock Unit Scheme (ESUS)

The
following table sets forth a summary of the Bank’s stock options outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Number of options   Weighted-average
    exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average
    remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   225,025,803   361.60   4.43   116,036.0
Add: Granted during the year   14,635,600   894.95
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   1,410,025   728.44
Less: Exercised during the year   39,519,912   296.27
Outstanding at the end of the year   198,731,466   411.26   3.81   135,542.5
Options exercisable   159,296,026   324.55   3.34   122,458.4

The
following table sets forth a summary of the Bank’s stock options outstanding at March 31, 2023.

Number of options   Weighted-average
    exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average
    remaining 5contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   237,197,999   310.82   5.12   99,501.6
Add: Granted during the year   25,793,500   747.92
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   3,921,340   568.36
Less: Exercised during the year   34,044,356   276.72
Outstanding at the end of the year   225,025,803   361.60   4.43   116,036.0
Options exercisable   172,938,533   289.69   4.03   101,611.0

The
following table sets forth a summary of the Bank’s stock units outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Number of options   Weighted-average
    exercise price (Rs.)   Weighted-average
    remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
Outstanding at the beginning of the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Add: Granted during the year   4,419,670   2.00
Less: Lapsed during the year, net of re-issuance   228,860   2.00
Less: Exercised during the year   ..   ..
Outstanding at the end of the year   4,190,810   2.00   6.24   4,573.4
Options exercisable   2,700   2.00   4.60   2.9

F-
114

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Total
fair value of options vested was Rs. 4,852.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2024, Rs. 4,630.2 million for the year ended March
31, 2023 and Rs. 4,145.3 million for the year ended March 31, 2022. Total fair value of units vested was Rs. 2.4 million for the year
ended March 31, 2024.

Total
aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised was Rs. 26,462.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2024, Rs. 19,325.5 million for the
year ended March 31, 2023 and Rs 15,094.0 million for the year ended March 31, 2022.

The
total compensation cost of options related to non-vested awards not yet recognized at March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 was Rs. 3,238.3
million and Rs. 4,062.2 million respectively and the weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized was 1.42 years
and 1.51 years respectively.

The
total compensation cost of units related to non-vested awards not yet recognized at March 31, 2024 was Rs. 1,462.1 million and the weighted-average
period over which it is expected to be recognized was 1.59 years.

The
following table sets forth a summary of stock options exercisable at March 31, 2024.

Range of exercise price (Rupees per share)   Number of options   Weighted- average
    exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average
    remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
60-199   4,012,005   161.88   1.25   3,736.9
200-399   115,605,713   267.72   3.54   95,442.1
400-599   33,285,234   460.23   2.73   21,071.8
600-799   6,371,084   747.64   4.07   2,202.2
800-999   21,990   849.11   4.57   5.4

The
following table sets forth a summary of stock options exercisable at March 31, 2023.

Range of exercise price (Rupees per share)   Number of options   Weighted- average
    exercise price per share (Rs.)   Weighted-average
    remaining contractual life (Number of years)   Aggregate intrinsic value (Rs. in million)
60-199   7,202,993   160.84   1.85   5,160.3
200-399   133,303,238   261.30   4.30   82,108.7
400-599   32,398,912   434.71   3.41   14,337.8
600-799   29,190   742.88   4.60   3.9
800-999   4,200   810.25   4.81   0.3

F-
115

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
following table sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock options outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Number of options   Weighted-average
    fair value per share at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested at April 1, 2023   52,087,270   237.58
Add: Granted during the year   14,635,600   340.59
Less: Vested during the year   25,931,860   187.11
Less: Forfeited during the year   1,355,570   299.92
Unvested
at March 31, 2024   39,435,440   306.85

The
following table sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock options outstanding at March 31, 2023.

Number
                                            of options   Weighted-average
                                            fair value per share at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested
at April 1, 2022   60,027,260   172.61
Add:
Granted during the year.   25,793,500   291.15
Less:
Vested during the year.   29,953,785   154.58
Less:
Forfeited during the year   3,779,705   229.14
Unvested
at March 31, 2023   52,087,270   237.58

The
following table sets forth a summary of the Bank’s unvested stock units outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Number
                                            of options   Weighted-average
                                            fair value per share at grant date (Rupees)
Unvested
at April 1, 2023   ..   ..
Add:
Granted during the year   4,419,670   879.43
Less:
Vested during the year   2,700   879.43
Less:
Forfeited during the year   228,860   879.43
Unvested
at March 31, 2024   4,188,110   879.43

The
following table sets forth for the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of options.

Year
    ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Risk-free
    interest rate   6.88% to 7.32%   5.99% to 7.37%   5.34%
    to 6.53%
Expected term   3.23 years to 5.23 years   3.23 years to 5.23 years   3.55
    years to 5.55 years
Expected
    volatility   24.78% to 37.41%   34.79% to 38.98%   35.38%
    to 39.41%
Expected
    dividend yield   0.56%
    to 0.85%   0.27%
    to 0.72%   0.18%
    to 0.30%

F-
116

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The
following table sets forth for the periods indicated, the key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of units.

Year ended March 31,
2024
Risk-free interest rate   6.82% to 6.94%
Expected term   1.58 years to 3.58 years
Expected volatility   23.63% to 36.56%
Expected dividend yield   0.56%

Risk
free interest rates over the expected term of the option/units are based on the government securities yield in effect at the time of
the grant.

The
expected term of an option/units is estimated based on the vesting term as well as expected exercise behavior of the employees who receive
the option/units. Expected exercise behavior is generally estimated based on the historical exercise pattern of the Bank.

Expected
volatility during the estimated expected term of the option/units is based on historical volatility determined based on observed market
prices of the Bank’s publicly traded equity shares.

Expected
dividends during the estimated expected term of the option/units are based on recent dividend activity.

19.       Selected
information from Indian GAAP financials

The
following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the income statement and balance sheet, by following the guidance of Regulation
S-X.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Interest income   1,595,159.2   1,210,668.1   954,068.7
Interest expense   741,081.6   505,433.9   411,666.7
Net interest income   854,077.6   705,234.2   542,402.0
Provision for loan losses & others   30,074.5   55,482.3   84,354.2
Provision for depreciation on investments   7,049.6   13,917.0   5,412.3
Net interest income after provision for loan losses and investments   816,953.5   635,834.9   452,635.5
Non-interest income   765,218.0   651,119.9   621,294.5
Non-interest expense   977,827.9   824,390.2   731,517.3
Income before income tax expense, minority interest and share of profit in associates   604,343.6   462,564.6   342,412.7
Income tax expense   154,276.2   117,934.4   84,574.4
Income before minority interest and share of profit in associates   450,067.4   344,630.2   257,838.3
Add: Share of profit in associates   10,737.7   9,982.9   7,544.3
Net profit for the year before minority interest   460,805.1   354,613.1   265,382.6
Less: Minority interest   18,241.4   14,246.7   14,281.6
Net income   442,563.7   340,366.4   251,101.0
Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Earnings per equity share: (Rs.)
Basic   63.19   48.86   36.21
Diluted   61.96   47.84   35.44
Weighted average number of equity shares used in computing earnings per equity share (millions)
Basic   7,004   6,966   6,934
Diluted   7,132   7,105   7,076

F-
117

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
At March 31,
2024   2023
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents   1,627,689.0   1,364,564.9
Investments 1,2   8,271,625.1   6,395,519.7
Loans, net 1,2   12,607,762.0   10,838,663.2
Property, plant and equipment   132,394.0   109,261.2
Goodwill   24,741.6   1,013.3
Deferred tax asset (net)   63,115.8   76,194.4
Interest accrued, outstanding fees and other income   219,934.8   161,497.2
Assets held for sale   8.8   428.8
Other assets   693,359.2   637,762.3
Total assets   23,640,630.3   19,584,905.0
Liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits   12,448,353.8   10,450,599.7
Non-interest bearing deposits   1,987,445.7   1,657,721.8
Short-term borrowings and trading liabilities   757,731.8   578,221.6
Long-term debt   1,316,548.2   1,312,396.5
Other liabilities   4,430,228.2   3,374,119.9
Total liabilities   20,940,307.7   17,373,059.5
Minority interest   138,884.2   66,867.5
Stockholders’ equity   2,561,438.4   2,144,978.0
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equit y   23,640,630.3   19,584,905.0

1.   Includes
                                            investments and loans amounting to Rs. 290,271.3 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 261,206.3 million)
                                            pledged as security towards short-term borrowings amounting to Rs. 286,293.8 million (March
                                            31, 2023: Rs. 258,992.9 million).

2.   Includes
                                            investments and loans amounting to Rs. 273,274.7 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 246,812.5 million)
                                            pledged as security towards long-term borrowings amounting to Rs. 266,868.8 million (March
                                            31, 2023: Rs. 239,969.1 million).

The
following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the statement of stockholders’ equity.

Rupees in million
Equity share
    capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities
    premium   Revenue and
    other reserves 1   Other special
    reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2023   13,967.8   7,608.8   507,229.5   797,727.0   818,444.9
Proceeds from issue of share capital   79.0   ..   12,206.1   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   7,028.4 3   0.8 4   249,252.8 5   149,601.6 6
Deductions during the year   ..   (584.0) 7   ..   (144.3)   (980.1) 8
Balance at March 31, 2024   14,046.8   14,053.2   519,436.4   1,046,835.5   967,066.4

1.   Includes
                                            revenue and other reserves, unrealized investment reserve and balance in profit and loss
                                            account.

2.   Includes
                                            statutory reserve, special reserve, capital reserve, foreign currency translation reserve,
                                            revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve and capital redemption reserve.

3.   Represents
                                            cost of employee stock options/units recognized during the year.

4.   Represents
                                            the ESOP cost recognized by the overseas banking subsidiaries under fair value method.

5.   Includes
                                            Rs. 4,308.9 million towards addition in fair value change account of insurance subsidiaries.

6.   Includes
                                            transfer of accumulated translation loss of Rs. 3,396.6 million related to closure of Bank’s
                                            Offshore Banking Unit, SEEPZ Mumbai, to profit and loss account in terms of Accounting Standard
                                            11 - The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates.

7.   Represents
                                            amount transferred to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee stock options
                                            and to General Reserve on lapses of employee stock options.

8.   Includes
                                            amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account of incremental
                                            depreciation charge on revaluation and revaluation surplus on premises sold. Also includes
                                            the amount of loss on revaluation of certain assets which were held for sale.

F-
118

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue and other reserves 1   Other special reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2022   13,899.7   2,664.1   497,645.1   597,585.8   708,730.2
Proceeds from issue of share capital   68.1   ..   9,576.3   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   5,172.4   8.1 3   200,197.1 4   111,920.8
Deductions during the year   ..   (227.7) 5   ..   (55.9)   (2,206.1) 6
Balance at March 31, 2023   13,967.8   7,608.8   507,229.5   797,727.0   818,444.9

1.   Includes revenue and other reserves, unrealized investment reserve and balance in
profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve, special reserve, capital reserve, foreign currency translation
reserve, revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve and capital redemption reserve.

3.   Represents the ESOP cost recognized by the overseas banking subsidiaries under fair
value method.

4.   Includes Rs. 1,482.1 million towards addition in fair value change account of ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

5.   Represents amount transferred to Securities Premium on account of exercise of employee
stock options and to General Reserve on lapses of employee stock options.

6.   Includes amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general reserve on account
of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation and, revaluation surplus on premises sold. . Also includes the amount of loss on revaluation
of certain assets which were held for sale.

Rupees in million
Equity share capital   Employee stock options outstanding   Securities premium   Revenue and other reserves 1   Other special reserves 2
Balance at April 1, 2021   13,834.1   31.0   489,694.7   456,597.0   615,718.2
Proceeds from issue of share capital   65.6   ..   7,923.3   ..   ..
Additions during the year   ..   2,642.2   27.1 3   144,130.1   95,590.6
Deductions during the year   ..   (9.1) 4   ..   (3,141.3) 5   (2,578.6) 6
Balance at March 31, 2022   13,899.7   2,664.1   497,645.1   597,585.8   708,730.2

1.   Includes revenue and other reserves, unrealized investment reserve
and balance in profit and loss account.

2.   Includes statutory reserve, special reserve, capital reserve,
foreign currency translation reserve, revaluation reserve, investment fluctuation reserve and capital redemption reserve.

3.   Represents the ESOP cost recognized by the overseas banking
subsidiaries under fair value method.

4.   Represents amount transferred to Securities Premium on account
of exercise of employee stock options and to General Reserve on lapses of employee stock options.

5.   Includes Rs. 2,471.4 million towards reduction in fair value
change account of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited.

6.   Includes amount transferred from revaluation reserve to general
reserve on account of incremental depreciation charge on revaluation and, revaluation surplus on premises sold. Also includes the amount
of loss on revaluation of certain assets which were held for sale.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the movement in profit and loss account.

Rupees in million
March
31, 2024   March
31, 2023   March
31, 2022
Balance at the beginning of the year   656,386.8   508,988.5   385,155.9
Additions during the year   442,563.7   340,366.4   251,101.0
Dividend   (55,986.0)   (34,794.5)   (13,852.3)
Deductions during the year 1   (144,706.7)   (158,173.6)   (113,416.1) 2
Balance at the end of the year   898,257.8   656,386.8   508,988.5

1.   Includes appropriations/transfers to other reserves.

2.   Also includes reduction due to discontinuation of ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company from consolidation during the fiscal 2022.

F-
119

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The cash flow statement
is in compliance with the requirements of IAS 7 – Cash Flow Statements.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the supplementary information to the cash flow statements.

Rupees in million
Year ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Conversions of loans to investments   3,912.2   7,003.4   204.3
Interest paid   735,486.2   499,568.0   408,972.7
Interest and dividend received   1,537,708.7   1,167,957.4   956,304.8

20.

Estimated fair value of financial instruments

The Group’s
financial instruments include non-derivative financial assets and liabilities as well as derivative instruments. Fair value estimates
are generally subjective in nature and are made at a specific point in time based on the characteristics of the financial instruments
and relevant market information. Quoted market prices are used, wherever available. In other cases, fair values are based on estimates
using present value or other valuation techniques. These techniques involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions
used and judgments made regarding risk characteristics of various financial instruments, discount rates, estimates of future cash flows
and other factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates and the resulting fair values. Derived fair value
estimates cannot necessarily be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and in many cases, may not be realized in an immediate
sale of the instruments.

Fair value estimates
are based on existing financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value of assets
and liabilities that are not considered as financial instruments. Disclosure of fair values is not required for certain items such as
investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting, obligations for pension and other post-retirement benefits, income tax
assets and liabilities, property and equipment, pre-paid expenses, insurance liabilities, core deposit intangibles and the value of customer
relationships associated with certain types of consumer loans, particularly the credit card portfolio and other intangible assets. Accordingly,
the aggregate fair value amount presented does not purport to represent and should not be considered representative of the underlying
market or franchise value of the Group. In addition, because of differences in methodologies and assumptions used to estimate fair values,
the Group’s fair values should not be compared to those of other financial institutions.

The methods and assumptions
used by the Group in estimating the fair values of financial instruments are described below.

Cash and balances with banks and
money at call and short notice

The carrying amounts
reported in the balance sheet approximate fair values because a substantial amount of the portfolio has maturities of less than three
months.

Investments

The fair values of
investments are generally determined based on quoted price or based on discounted cashflows. For certain debt and equity investments that
do not trade on established exchanges and for which markets do not exist, estimates of fair value are based upon management’s review
of the investee’s financial results, condition and prospects.

F-
120

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Advances

The fair values of
commercial and consumer loans are estimated by discounting the contractual cash flows using interest rates currently offered on various
loan products. The carrying value of certain other loans approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these loans. The advances
are classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of any significant market observable data for valuation of these instruments.

Deposits

The carrying amount
of deposits with no stated maturity is considered to be equal to their fair value. Fair value of fixed rate time deposits is estimated
by discounting contractual cash flows using interest rates currently offered on the deposit products. Fair value estimates for deposits
do not include the benefit that results from the low-cost funding provided by the deposit liabilities compared to the cost of alternative
forms of funding (core deposit intangibles). The deposits are classified as Level 3 instruments in view of absence of any significant
market observable data for valuation of these instruments.

Borrowings

The fair value of
the Group’s debt is estimated by discounting future contractual cash flows using appropriate interest rates and credit spreads.
The carrying value of certain other borrowings approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these borrowings. The borrowings
are classified as Level 2 instruments in view of the inputs used like interest rates, yield curves and credit spreads, which are available
from public sources like Reuters, Bloomberg, Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income Money Markets & Derivatives
Association of India.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the listing of the fair value by category of financial assets and financial liabilities.

Rupees in million
At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Carrying value   Estimated fair value   Carrying value   Estimated fair value
Financial assets
Cash and balances with Reserve Bank of India   899,430.2   899,430.2   686,489.4   686,489.4
Balances with banks and money at call and short notice   728,258.8   728,258.8   678,075.5   678,075.5
Investments   8,271,625.0   8,363,106.1   6,395,519.7   6,636,987.2
Advances   12,607,762.0   12,659,954.1   10,838,663.2   10,919,209.8
Other assets   879,686.9   879,686.9   760,213.7   760,213.7
Total   23,386,762.9   23,530,436.1   19,358,961.5   19,680,975.6
Financial liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits   12,447,597.9   12,496,120.8   10,450,594.5   10,457,726.0
Non-interest-bearing deposits   1,988,201.6   1,988,201.6   1,657,727.0   1,657,727.0
Borrowings   2,074,280.0   2,052,397.9   1,890,618.1   1,863,193.1
Other liabilities and provisions   1,296,956.8   1,296,956.8   683,368.0   683,368.0
Total   17,807,036.3   17,833,677.1   14,682,307.6   14,662,014.1

F-
121

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

21.

Differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP

The consolidated
financial statements of the Group are prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, which differs in certain significant aspects from U.S.
GAAP.

The following tables
summarize the significant adjustments to consolidated net income and stockholders’ equity which would result from the application
of U.S. GAAP.

1.

 Net income reconciliation

Rupees in million
Note   Year ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Consolidated profit after tax as per Indian GAAP excluding minority interests 1   442,563.7   340,366.4   251,101.0
Adjustments on account of:
Allowance for credit losses   (a)   (53,217.1)   15,616.7   22,853.5
Business combinations   (b)   140,326.1   177.6   (634.9)
Consolidation   (c)   20,829.1   (123,486.7)   248,275.4
Valuation of debt and equity securities   (d)   33,270.6   (138.0)   10,930.7
Amortization of fees and costs   (e)   5,306.0   6,525.7   3,925.8
Accounting for derivatives   (f)   (1,107.2)   (825.7)   53.9
Accounting for compensation costs   (g)   (684.2)   (1,246.8)   (2,270.6)
Accounting for securitization   (h)   325.9   (24.0)   (532.5)
Income tax benefit/(expense)   (i)   18,278.4   10,893.6   (21,701.9)
Others   (j)   7,872.2   2,134.9   (207.8)
Total impact of all adjustments   171,199.8   (90,372.7)   260,691.6
Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   613,763.5   249,993.7   511,792.6
Net income as per U.S. GAAP attributable to non-controlling interests 1   15,114.5   10,224.3   13,282.7
Total net income as per U.S. GAAP   628,878.0   260,218.0   525,075.3
Basic earnings per share (Rs.)
Indian GAAP (consolidated)   63.19   48.86   36.21
U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   87.63   35.89   73.81
Diluted earnings per share (Rs.)
Indian GAAP (consolidated)   61.96   47.84   35.44
U.S. GAAP (consolidated)   85.89   35.17   72.41

1.   Profit attributable to minority interests as per Indian GAAP was Rs. 18,241.4 million
(March 31, 2023: Rs. 14,246.7 million and March 31, 2022: Rs. 14,281.6 million).

F-
122

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

2.

 Stockholders’ equity reconciliation

Rupees in million
At March 31,
Note   2024   2023
Consolidated net worth as per Indian GAAP excluding minority interests 1   2,561,438.3   2,144,977.9
Adjustments on account of:
Allowance for credit losses   (a)   (13,384.3   )   38,841.3
Business combinations   (b)   391,984.8   29,951.6
Consolidation   (c)   55,158.7   218,840.2
Valuation of debt and equity securities   (d)   50,772.1   (22,407.9   )
Amortization of fees and costs   (e)   45,918.4   39,518.2
Accounting for derivatives   (f)   (52.1   )   1,055.1
Accounting for compensation costs   (g)   ..   ..
Accounting for securitization   (h)   (855.3   )   (1,290.4   )
Income tax assets/(liabilities)   (i)   20,560.4   31,921.9
Others   (j)   (1,640.0   )   (8,331.5   )
Total impact of all adjustments   548,462.7   328,098.5
ICICI Bank stockholders’ equity as per U.S. GAAP   3,109,901.0   2,473,076.4
Non-controlling interests 1   422,442.7   18,836.5
Total equity as per U.S. GAAP   3,532,343.7   2,491,912.9

1.   Net worth, representing capital and reserves and surplus, attributable to minority
interests as per Indian GAAP was Rs. 138,884.2 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 66,867.5 million).

a)   Allowance for credit losses

The differences in the credit
losses between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP are primarily on account of:

i.   Expected credit losses on commercial loans based on individual
assessment, which do not share similar risk characteristics with other loans under U.S. GAAP as compared to provisions based on graded
provisioning rates on non-performing loans, subject to minimum provisioning rates prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India guidelines
under Indian GAAP for the Bank.

ii.   Expected credit losses on the loans sharing similar risk characteristics
under U.S. GAAP as compared to prescriptive/graded provisioning, subject to minimum provisioning rate, as per the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines under Indian GAAP for the Bank.

iii.   Expected credit losses on non-cancellable loan commitments,
non-fund exposures and other financial assets under U.S. GAAP as compared to estimated provision on expected devolvement of guarantees
on certain borrowers classified as non-performing under Indian GAAP for the Bank.

F-
123

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Credit losses on commercial loans which do not
share similar risk characteristics

These differences primarily
relate to provisions on non-performing commercial loans under Indian GAAP and credit loss provisions on commercial loans which do not
share similar risk characteristics under U.S. GAAP. This difference arises due to a difference in methodology applied to calculate the
credit losses under U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, as per Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, non-performing loans are classified into three categories: sub-standard assets, doubtful assets and loss assets.
A loan is classified as sub-standard if interest payments or installments have remained overdue for more than 90 days. As per Reserve
Bank of India guidelines, a provision of 15.0% is required for all sub-standard loans. An additional provision of 10.0% is required for
accounts that are unsecured from the time of origination. A loan is classified as a doubtful loan if it has remained sub-standard for
more than twelve months or if the value of security charged to the Bank has eroded and fallen below 50% of the outstanding loan. A 100%
provision/write-off is required with respect to the unsecured portion of the doubtful loans. A 100% provision is required for the secured
portion of loans classified as doubtful for more than three years and is recorded in a graded manner as the three-year period occurs.
A loan is classified as a loss asset if the losses on it are identified or the loan is considered uncollectible. For loans classified
as a loss, the entire loan is required to be provided for. Provisions are generally made by the Bank on non-performing loans as per internal
provisioning norms, subject to minimum provisioning requirements of Reserve Bank of India. In accordance with regulatory package announced
by the Reserve Bank of India, consequent to outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic, the Bank extended the option of payment of moratorium on loans
to its borrowers. The moratorium period, wherever granted, was excluded from the determination of number of days past-due for the purpose
of asset classification as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines.

Under Indian GAAP,
certain loans restructured by the Bank (excluding loans given for implementation of projects in the infrastructure sector and non-infrastructure
sector and which are delayed up to a specified period and certain other types of loans explained below) by re-scheduling principal repayments
and/or the interest are classified as non-performing as per the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Provisions as applicable to non-performing
loans, are made on restructured loans. In addition to this, provision for the diminution in fair value of the restructured loans is also
made by the Bank. The diminution in fair value is computed by discounting both sets of cash flows, based on interest rate prior to restructuring
and post restructuring, at the existing rate of interest charged on the loan before the restructuring.

Under U.S. GAAP, commercial
loans representing significant individual credit exposures (both funded and non-funded), are individually evaluated to ascertain if they
share similar risk characteristics, based on the ability of the borrower to repay the contractual amounts due to the Bank, including considerations
of both quantitative and qualitative criteria such as the account conduct, future prospects, repayment history and financial performance.
The credit losses for commercial loans, ascertained to not share the similar risk characteristics, are estimated on an individual basis
and are based on either the present value of expected future cash flows or in case of a collateral dependent loan, the net realizable
value of the collateral net of cost to sell, if any.

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
holds specific provisions on certain performing commercial loans and advances based on the Reserve Bank of India guidelines/direction.

Under Indian GAAP, accounts
where the Bank had invoked/implemented strategic debt restructuring under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines were classified as non-performing.
Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank opted for fair value option for accounting these loans at fair value through income statement under ASC Subtopic
825-10 “Financial Instruments”.
See also– 22(b). Notes under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial
interests.

F-
124

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Under Indian GAAP, any contractual
amount due from the counter-party under derivative contracts, if not collected within 90 days, is required to be reversed through income
statement under the Reserve Bank of India guidelines. Under U.S. GAAP, these receivables are analyzed to identify the required credit
losses in the same manner as individual credit exposures.

The Bank transfers certain
loans to borrower specific funds/trusts managed by asset reconstruction companies in exchange for security receipts issued by the funds/trusts,
as part of the strategy for resolution of non-performing assets. The funds/trusts have been set up by the asset reconstruction companies
under enacted debt recovery legislation in India and they aim to improve the recoveries of banks on non-performing assets by aggregating
lender interests and speeding up the enforcement of security interests by lenders. While under Indian GAAP, such transfers are recognized
as a sale, under U.S. GAAP these transfers are not recognized as a sale due to the following reasons:

• Certain transfers do
not qualify for sale accounting under FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and servicing”, as the Bank retains the risks and rewards
in such transfers.

• Certain transfers were
impacted by FASB ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation – overall”. The funds/trusts to which these loans have been transferred
are variable interest entities within the definition contained in ASC Subtopic 810-10. As the Bank is the ‘Primary Beneficiary’
of certain of these funds/trusts, it is required under U.S. GAAP to consolidate these entities.

Credit losses on loans sharing similar risk characteristics

Commercial loans

Credit losses on commercial
loans sharing similar risk characteristics primarily relate to performing commercial loans.

Under Indian GAAP, the allowances
on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning requirement is a uniform rate
of 0.4% for all standard assets except –

·   Small and micro enterprise sectors, which attract a provisioning requirement of 0.25%,

·   Advances to commercial real estate residential and non-residential sectors which attract a provisioning
requirement of 0.75% and 1.0% respectively.

As per the guidelines issued
by the Reserve Bank of India, additional general provision between 0.0%-0.8% is made on outstanding amounts to entities having unhedged
foreign currency exposure. The provision range is based on percentage of likely loss due to unhedged foreign currency exposure to their
earnings before interest, depreciation and lease rentals, if any. As per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India, the Bank
also makes additional general provision on loans to specific borrowers in specific stressed sectors and on incremental exposure to borrowers
identified as per the Reserve Bank of India’s large exposure framework.

Under U.S. GAAP, credit losses
on the commercial loans sharing similar risk characteristics are accounted on a collective basis. The segmentation for the commercial
loans is based on risk characteristics such as customer type, risk rating and delinquency status. The collective assessment begins with
a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation covers expected credit
losses over an instrument’s expected life and is estimated by applying probability of default and loss given default. Based on historical
default rates, the probabilities of default are derived using a macro-economic scenario over a reasonable and supportable forecast period.
The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion to the

F-
125

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

long run historical information. The forecasts
take into consideration the Group’s economic outlook based on internal as well as external inputs and involve a governance process
that incorporates feedback from senior management.

Consumer loans

Credit losses on consumer loans
sharing similar risk characteristics primarily relate to homogenous small balance loans including both performing and non-performing consumer
loans under Indian GAAP.

Under Indian GAAP, the provision
on non-performing consumer loans is made at a pre-determined rate, subject to minimum provision as required under the Reserve Bank of
India guidelines. The provision on the performing portfolios are based on guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The provisioning
requirement is a uniform rate of 0.4% for all standard assets except

·   Farm credit to agriculture and home loan upto a certain amount which attract a provisioning requirement
of 0.25%,

·   Advances to commercial real estate residential and non-residential sectors which attract a provisioning
requirement of 0.75% and 1.0% respectively.

Under U.S. GAAP, credit losses
on the consumer loans sharing similar risk characteristics are accounted for on collective basis. The segmentation for the consumer loans
is based on risk characteristics such as product type, delinquency status, credit scores, and vintage. For agriculture loans, a further
segmentation of risk characteristics is also carried out based on direct and indirect agriculture lending categories. The collective assessment
begins with a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation covers expected
credit losses over an instrument’s expected life and is estimated by applying probability of default and loss given default. Based
on historical default rates, the probabilities of default are derived using a macro-economic scenario over a reasonable and supportable
forecast period. The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single year reversion to the long run historical information.
The forecasts take into consideration the Group’s economic outlook based on internal as well as external inputs and involve a governance
process that incorporates feedback from senior management.

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank,
on prudent basis, has made contingency provision due to the economic and geopolitical uncertainties. Under US GAAP, the Group makes adjustments
to appropriately address these economic circumstances over and above the model output by increasing the probability of default estimates
based on management judgement.

Credit losses on undrawn commitments, non-fund
exposures and other debt securities

Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank records
a liability for credit losses on non-cancellable undrawn commitments by the Group and non-fund exposures to its borrowers based on the
life time expected losses. The credit losses are estimated in accordance with the ASC Topic 326, “Financial Instruments –
Credit losses”.

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
makes estimated provision on guarantees, above a certain threshold, to its borrowers classified as non-performing based on an assessment
of expected devolvement.

Under Indian GAAP, the Reserve
Bank of India guidelines do not specify the conditions under which the assets may be written-off. The Bank has internal policies for charge-off
of non-performing loans against loan loss allowances. Commercial loans, are generally charged off against allowances when, based on a
borrower-specific evaluation of the possibility of further recovery, the Bank concludes

F-
126

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

that the balance cannot be collected. The Bank
evaluates whether a balance can be collected based on the realizable value of collateral, the results of the Bank’s past recovery
efforts, the possibility of recovery through legal recourse and the possibility of recovery through settlement.

Small-balance homogenous loans
are generally charged off against allowances after predefined periods of delinquency, as follows:

•   Mortgage loans: 3 years of continuous delinquency

•   Other consumer loans: 6 months of continuous delinquency

The same criteria
are used for charge-off of impaired loans under U.S. GAAP.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the difference in aggregate expected credit losses between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP attributable to the above
reconciling items.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year
ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Differences due to expected credit losses on commercial loans evaluated on individual basis.   (12,392.8)   (12,894.4)   2,889.3
Differences due to expected credit losses on loans evaluated on collective basis   (39,472.4)   31,333.3   8,963.6
Differences due to expected credit losses on undrawn commitments, non-fund exposures and other financial assets   (1,351.9)   (2,822.2)   11,000.6
(53,217.1)   15,616.7   22,835.5

During fiscal 2024, the Bank
implemented the ASU 2022-02: Troubled debt restructurings and vintage disclosures. The Bank adopted the guidance on the recognition and
measurement of troubled debt restructured loans under the modified retrospective approach. Adoption of these amendments resulted in a
decrease in allowance for credit losses by Rs. 999.4 million, the impact of the same was directly taken in the reserves on April 1, 2023.

See note on 22 (f) Loans
for detailed discussion on allowance for credit loss. See note on “Consolidated Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated
financial statements - Schedule 9 - Advances” for Indian GAAP balance sheet presentation.

b)   Business combinations

The differences arising due
to business combinations are primarily on account of:

i)   Accounting for intangible assets and goodwill; and

ii)   Acquisition of control in former equity affiliates

During fiscal 2011, ICICI Bank
Limited acquired Bank of Rajasthan Limited through exchange of common stock. The acquisition of Bank of Rajasthan Limited was accounted
for under Indian GAAP as per the Reserve Bank of India approved scheme of merger. Under Indian GAAP, the purchase

F-
127

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

consideration was determined based on the paid-up
value of common stock issued. Under U.S. GAAP, the purchase consideration was determined as the fair value of total consideration transferred,
based on ASC Topic 805, “Business Combinations”. The impact of this relating to the accounting of business combinations, resulted
in an increase in reconciliation differences of Rs. 32,682.7 million in stockholders’ equity reconciliation in fiscal 2011. Under
U.S. GAAP, goodwill of Rs. 27,120.9 million and definite life intangible assets of Rs.3,898.0 million were recorded as per ASC 805, “Business
Combinations”, and FASB ASC Topic 350, “Intangibles – Goodwill and others”. Under Indian GAAP, no goodwill and
intangible assets were recognized as per scheme of merger approved by the Reserve Bank of India. Intangibles recognized under U.S. GAAP
due to the above business combinations have been fully amortized.

ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Company Limited, a general insurance company, was established as a joint venture, which allowed substantive participating rights to a
minority shareholder. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank had been accounting for its investment in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited
as an equity affiliate. During fiscal 2018, the joint venture agreement was terminated, resulting in the Bank acquiring control in ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited without transferring any additional consideration. Under U.S. GAAP, this transaction was accounted
using acquisition method for business combination under “ASC Subtopic 805-10, Business Combination – Overall”. Under
U.S. GAAP, goodwill was determined by deducting the fair value of net assets acquired from the fair value of equity interest held by the
Bank and fair value of minority interest. Accordingly, goodwill of Rs. 142,896.9 million and intangibles of Rs. 15,553.0 million were
recorded under U.S. GAAP. The goodwill was allocated to the General insurance segment of the Group. Under Indian GAAP, no specific accounting
was required for termination of the above joint venture agreement. During fiscal 2022, the Bank’s holding in ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited reduced below 50.0% and it ceased to be a subsidiary under ASC Topic 810-Consolidation. Accordingly, the goodwill
and unamortized intangibles were de-recognized during fiscal 2022. Further, during fiscal 2024, the Bank re-acquired control in ICICI
Lombard General Insurance Company Limited. Accordingly, the existing investments in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited were
fair valued on the date of acquisition of control based on the closing market price of shares of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company
Limited. This resulted in a fair value gain amounting to Rs. 140,173.7 million which was recognized in the statement of net income. Under
U.S. GAAP, goodwill was determined by deducting the fair value of net assets of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited from the
fair value of equity interest held by the Bank and fair value of minority interest in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.
Accordingly, goodwill of Rs. 557,733.7 million and intangibles of Rs. 103,963.3 million were recorded under U.S. GAAP. The goodwill was
allocated to the General insurance segment of the Group. The goodwill recognized is not available for amortization under tax laws. Further,
during fiscal 2024, the Bank also acquired control in I-Process Services (India) Private Limited and has recognized a bargain purchase
gain of Rs. 358.5 million.

Further, for certain other
acquisitions made by the Group, no goodwill and intangibles have been accounted for under Indian GAAP primarily due to accounting for
the amalgamation by the pooling of interest method, determination of acquirer for accounting or as per scheme of merger approved by the
Reserve Bank of India. However, under U.S. GAAP, goodwill has been accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, “Business
Combinations”.

Under U.S. GAAP in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 350, the Group does not amortize goodwill and intangibles with infinite life but instead tests the same for impairment
at least annually. The annual impairment test under ASC Topic 350 does not indicate an impairment loss for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022.

Under U.S. GAAP intangible
assets with finite useful life are amortized over their estimated useful lives in proportion to the economic benefits consumed in each
period.

F-
128

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for business combinations under Indian GAAP and U.S.
GAAP.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Gain on acquisition of General insurance subsidiary   140,173.7   ..   ..
Gain on bargain purchase of other subsidiary   358.5   ..   ..
Amortization of intangibles   (307.6)   ..   (704.1)
Others   101.5   177.6   69.2
Total difference in business combinations   140,326.1   177.6   (634.9)

c)   Consolidation

The differences on account
of consolidation are primarily on account of:

1.

Consolidation of life insurance subsidiary;

2.

Equity affiliates and majority owned subsidiaries; and

3.

Consolidation of variable interest entities.

Under Indian GAAP, consolidation
is required only if there is ownership of more than one-half of the voting power of an enterprise or control of the composition of the
Board of Directors in the case of a company or of the composition of the governing body in case of any other enterprise. Under Indian
GAAP, our life insurance subsidiary (ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited) is consolidated on line-by-line basis. Under U.S.
GAAP, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited is accounted for by the equity method of accounting as the minority shareholders
have substantive participating rights as defined in ASC Subtopic 810-10, “Consolidation – Overall”.

In accordance with the Scheme
of Arrangement between ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited (ICICI General) and Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited,
as approved by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (with effect from September 8, 2021), assets and liabilities of
Bharti AXA’s general insurance business vested with ICICI General on the Appointed Date of April 1, 2020. ICICI General issued two
fully paid up equity shares to the shareholders of Bharti AXA for every 115 fully paid up equity shares. Subsequent to issuance of equity
shares to Bharti AXA shareholders, the Bank’s shareholding in ICICI General reduced to below 50.0%. Accordingly, the Bank has accounted
its investment in ICICI General as an associate under Accounting Standard – 23 – “Accounting for Investments in Associates”
in consolidated financial statements with effect from April 1, 2021 under Indian GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, ICICI General was consolidated
on line-by-line basis till September 7, 2021, and was accounted as an affiliate with effect from September 8, 2021, the date of loss of
control. Under Indian GAAP, the retained interest in ICICI General was accounted at carrying value. Under U.S. GAAP, the retained interest
in the ICICI General was fair valued on the date of loss of control based on the closing quoted price of the common stock of ICICI General
in the stock exchange. This resulted in a gain of Rs. 254,998.1 million on deconsolidation. On the date of deconsolidation, in accordance
with the requirements of FASB ASC Topics 323 and 805, the Bank carried out a preliminary purchase price allocation of carrying value of
investment in ICICI General. During fiscal 2022, given the complexity involved in the identification and measurement of the intangibles,
the determination of final values of intangibles was underway and was planned to be completed within the permitted measurement period
as per the aforementioned requirements. The determination of final values of intangibles was concluded during fiscal 2023 (within the
prescribed timelines), accordingly, the Bank’s share in identified intangibles was valued at Rs. 14,982.6 million and Goodwill amounted
at Rs. 288,806.9 million. During fiscal 2023, considering the significant and continuous decline in market price of equity shares of ICICI
General, the Bank has recognized an

F-
129

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

impairment loss of Rs. 122,012.3 million. Further,
during fiscal 2024, the Bank re-acquired control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for consolidation under Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Profit/(loss) as per U.S. GAAP for life insurance subsidiary   43,530.5   11,412.9   (1,758.2)
Less: Profit/(loss) as per Indian GAAP for life insurance subsidiary   8,506.7   8,134.9   7,592.0
Net reconciliation difference for life insurance subsidiary 1   35,023.8   3,278.0   (9,350.2)
Profit/(loss) from life insurance subsidiary attributable to the Group 2   17,965.5   1,700.2   (4,780.5)
Profit on deconsolidation of former general insurance subsidiary   ..   ..   254,998.1 3
Profit/(loss) from equity affiliates and majority owned subsidiaries   2,869.5 4   (3,179.4) 4   (1,932.8) 4
Impairment loss on investment in equity affiliate   ..   (122,012.3)   ..
Profit/(loss) on consolidation of variable interest entities and special purpose entities   (5.9)   4.8   (9.3)
Total differences in consolidation   20,829.1   (123,486.7)   248,275.4

1.   Represents total differences in profit/(loss) between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for life insurance subsidiary.
See also- 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Insurance entities.

2.   Represents the Group’s share of profit/(loss) in “Net reconciliation difference for life insurance
subsidiary” and excludes the share of non-controlling interest holders. The Group owns part, not all, of the life insurance subsidiary.
As such, only a portion of “Net reconciliation difference for life insurance subsidiary” is attributable to the Group; the
rest is attributable to non-controlling interest holders. The share attributable to the Group constitutes the “Profit/(loss) from
life insurance subsidiary attributable to the Group.” Reconciling items pertaining to significant differences between Indian GAAP
and U.S. GAAP for life insurance affiliate are discussed separately below.

3.   Represents gain on fair valuation of retained investment in General insurance affiliate.

4.   Represents the Group’s share in difference in profit/(loss) between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for
General insurance affiliate and amortization of intangibles. See also- 22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Insurance entities.

Profit/(loss) on consolidation of Variable
Interest Entities

The Bank has consolidated certain
qualified special purpose entities used for securitization transactions, effective April 1, 2010 on adoption of FAS 167 (codified within
ASC 810-10). Upon consolidation, the assets of the qualifying special purpose entities were incorporated into the Bank’s loan portfolio
and the amounts received from the investors were accounted for as borrowings. Under U.S. GAAP, the Bank accounts for the allowance for
loan losses on these loans based on expected credit loss.

Under Indian GAAP, securitized
assets are derecognized from the Bank’s books. In accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines for securitization, for securitization
transactions entered into after February 1, 2006, the Bank accounted for any losses immediately at the time of securitization but amortized
any profits over the life of the securities issued or to be issued by the qualifying special purpose entities. As per the Reserve Bank
of India guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, gain realized at the time of securitization of loans is accounted through profit and
loss account on completion of transaction. The unrealized gains, associated with expected future margin income is recognized in profit
and loss account only when redeemed in cash, after absorbing losses, if any. The Bank also provides credit enhancement to the qualifying
special purpose entities against delinquencies on securitized assets. Under Indian GAAP, the recognition of losses is based on the extent
of utilization of credit enhancement extended to qualifying special purpose entities.

F-
130

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Due to these differences in
the Bank’s accounting of securitization transactions, the timing of recognition of income and provision for loan losses differ under
U.S. GAAP and Indian GAAP.

d)   Valuation of debt and equity securities

Under Indian GAAP, the unrealized
losses at category level under held for trading and available for sale securities are taken to profit and loss account, and unrealized
gains are ignored. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains or losses on trading debt securities are recognized in the profit and loss account
and unrealized gains or losses on debt securities classified as ‘available for sale’, which include all securities classified
as ‘held to maturity’ under Indian GAAP, are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income under stockholders’ equity except
for the unrealized losses on securities identified as impaired which are recognized in profit and loss account. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized
gains or losses on equity securities are recognized in profit and loss account. Under Indian GAAP, the investments are initially measured
at transaction cost, while under U.S. GAAP investments are initially measured at fair value.

Under Indian GAAP, the impact
of currency revaluation on debt securities denominated in foreign currency is taken to profit and loss account. Under U.S. GAAP, the impact
of currency revaluation on non-hedged ‘available for sale’ debt securities denominated in foreign currency is taken to Other
Comprehensive Income.

Under Indian GAAP, premium
over the face value of fixed rate and floating rate debt securities under held to maturity and government securities held under available
for sale category is amortized over the remaining period to maturity on an constant yield basis and straight line basis respectively..
Under U.S. GAAP, premium/discount on the face value of fixed rate and floating rate debt securities I s amortized/accrued over the remaining
period to maturity on an effective interest rate basis and straight line basis respectively.

Under Indian GAAP, gain or
loss on sale of equity stake in a subsidiary company is recognized in the income statement. Under U.S. GAAP, change in the parent’s
ownership in the subsidiary company is accounted as an equity transaction, if the parent retains controlling financial interest in the
subsidiary and accordingly gain or loss is not recognized in the income statement.

In fiscal 2016, the Reserve
Bank of India issued guidelines on strategic debt restructuring under which conversion of debt into equity and acquisition of ownership
interests in the borrower by banks is allowed. The Reserve Bank of India has exempted banks from consolidation of these entities. Under
U.S. GAAP, these entities were considered as equity affiliates. The Bank opted for fair value option of these equity affiliates under
ASC Topic 825 “Financial Instruments”. Accordingly, fair value changes in the loans, guarantees and equity shares were accounted
through income statement. While fair value impact on loans was recorded in the line item “Valuation of debt and equity securities”,
the provisions made on these loans under Indian GAAP were reversed in the line item “Allowance for loan losses”.
See also–
22. Notes under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial interests.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for valuation of debt and equity securities under Indian
GAAP and U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Impact of differences in mark-to-market accounting for investment securities   24,088.3   7,917.9   9,323.9
Impairment allowance on AFS securities under U.S. GAAP   (5,053.0)   (2,291.6)   (2,114.9)
Impact of currency revaluation on non-hedged AFS debt securities denominated in foreign currency accounted for in profit and loss under Indian GAAP, which is accounted for in Other Comprehensive Income   (436.6)   (549.5)   176.0

F-
131

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
under U.S. GAAP
Impact of fair value accounting for financial interest in certain equity affiliates   12,105.3   (754.5)   5,156.8
Others 1   2,566.6   (4,460.3)   (1,611.1)
Total   33,270.6   (138.0)   10,930.7

1.   The difference is primarily due to premium/discount amortization on debt securities and difference in
gain on debt securities sold during the year, between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, available for sale debt securities include
all securities classified as ‘held to maturity’ under Indian GAAP. First-In-First-Out method of accounting is applied on
aggregate ‘available for sale’ securities under U.S. GAAP, resulting in difference in realized gain/(loss) on sale of securities
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP. This difference in realized gain/(loss) amounted to an additional loss of Rs. 1,572.9 million for fiscal
2024 (for fiscal 2023 a loss of Rs. 5,104.8 million, for fiscal 2022, a loss of Rs. 3,637.2 million)

See note on “Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 8 - Investments” for Indian GAAP balance sheet
presentation.

e)   Amortization of fees and costs

Loan origination fees and
costs

Under U.S. GAAP, loan origination
fees (net of certain costs) are amortized over the period of the loans as an adjustment to the yield on the loan. However, under Indian
GAAP, loan origination fees are accounted for upfront. Also under Indian GAAP, loan origination costs, including commissions paid to direct
marketing agents, are expensed in the year in which they are incurred.

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP, all actuarial
gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit in the
profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income.
Subsequently cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10% corridor is
amortized through profit and loss account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality
fixed income securities in U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on government securities under Indian GAAP.

Reinsurance commission and deferred acquisition
costs

Under Indian GAAP, reinsurance
commission on business ceded by general insurance subsidiary is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk. Under U.S.
GAAP, proceeds from reinsurance transactions that represent recovery of acquisition costs are reduced from acquisition costs in such a
manner that net acquisition costs are capitalized and charged to expense in proportion to net revenue recognized over the related policy
period.

Under Indian GAAP, acquisition
costs for new and renewal of insurance contracts in general insurance subsidiary are charged as expense to the revenue account in the
year in which these are incurred, whereas under U.S. GAAP, the same are capitalized and are amortized over the related policy period.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the differences in net income arising from accounting for amortization of fees and costs under Indian GAAP
and U.S. GAAP.

F-
132

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Loan origination fees and costs   5,803.9   5,382.0   6,425.0
Retirement benefit costs   (1,097.3)   1,232.4   (2,021.2)
Reinsurance commission and deferred acquisition costs   654.7 2   ..   (319.7) 3
Amortization of other costs   (55.3)   (88.7)   (158.3)
Total differences in amortization of fees and costs 1   5,306.0   6,525.7   3,925.8

1.   Does not include any amount that is attributable to non-controlling interest holders.

2.   Represents difference in net income of General insurance subsidiary from the date of acquisition of control.

3.   Represents difference in net income of ICICI general upto till the date of deconsolidation.

The amortization of loan origination
fees and costs resulted in higher income under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP, primarily due to higher direct loan origination costs
on consumer loans incurred during these years reflecting growth in consumer loans.

While under Indian GAAP, actuarial
gain or loss are recognized in profit and loss account, under U.S. GAAP, the actuarial gain/loss are recognized through other comprehensive
income and thereafter amortized through profit and loss account. The actuarial gain for fiscal 2024 recognized through other comprehensive
income were higher as compared to amortization of actuarial gains and losses for previous years from other comprehensive income under
U.S. GAAP, resulting in retirement benefit costs being higher under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2024 as compared to Indian GAAP. The actuarial
loss for fiscal 2023 recognized through other comprehensive income were higher as compared to amortization of actuarial losses for previous
years from other comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP, resulting in retirement benefit costs being lower under U.S. GAAP in fiscal 2023
as compared to Indian GAAP. During fiscal 2022, there was higher amortization of actuarial losses from other comprehensive income under
U.S. GAAP, resulting in retirement benefit costs being higher under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP.

See note on “Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 9 – Advances” for balance sheet presentation
of amortization of loan processing fees and cost.

f)   Accounting for derivatives

Under Indian GAAP, the Group
hedges interest rate and exchange rate risks on some on-balance sheet assets and liabilities through swap contracts. The impact of such
derivative instruments is correlated with the movement of underlying assets and liabilities and accounted pursuant to the principles of
the hedge accounting. Under Indian GAAP, based on the Reserve Bank of India’s guidelines, accounting for hedge relationship established
after June 26, 2019 by the Bank, is based on Guidance note on Accounting for Derivative Contracts issued by Institute of Chartered Accountant
of India. The hedging instruments and the hedged items (for the risks being hedged) are measured at fair value with changes recognized
in the profit and loss account. For hedge relationship established before June 26, 2019, the accounting is based on accrual basis. To
the extent a cash flow hedge is effective, the change in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recognized in cash flow hedge reserve.
The ineffective portion of hedge is accounted in profit and loss account. The premium/discount on certain foreign currency swaps, used
for asset liability management purposes, is amortized over the life of the swap. All other outstanding forward exchange contracts are
revalued and the resultant gains or losses are recognized in the profit and loss account.

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
accounts for its derivative transactions in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 815 “Derivatives and Hedging”.
Accordingly, certain derivative

F-
133

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

contracts classified as hedges under Indian GAAP
may not qualify as hedges under U.S. GAAP and are accounted for as trading derivatives with changes in fair value being recorded in the
income statement. Under U.S. GAAP, the Group does not designate any derivative transaction as cash flow hedge.

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
has designated certain derivatives as fair value hedges of certain interest bearing assets and liabilities under ASC Topic 815. At the
inception of a hedge transaction, the Group formally documents the hedge relationship and the risk management objective and strategy for
undertaking the hedge. This process includes identification of the hedging instrument, hedged item, risk being hedged and the methodology
for assessing effectiveness and measuring ineffectiveness of hedge. In addition, the Group assesses both at the inception of the hedge
and on an ongoing basis, whether the hedge instrument used in the hedging transaction is effective in offsetting changes in fair value
of the hedged item, and whether the hedge is expected to continue to be highly effective. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that
is designated and qualifies as a fair value hedge, along with the gain or loss on the hedged asset or liability are recorded in the income
statement. The Group has also designated certain forward contracts as hedging instruments for its certain net investments in foreign operations
which are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 815.

g)   Accounting for compensation cost

FASB ASC Topic 718, “Compensation
– stock compensation” requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options to be recognized
in the income statement based on their fair values. Under Indian GAAP, till fiscal 2021, the Group followed the intrinsic value method
to account for its stock-based employees’ compensation plans. Compensation cost was measured by the excess, if any, of the fair
market price of the underlying stock over the exercise price on the grant date. In fiscal 2022, Reserve Bank of India, issued a clarification
advising banks to recognize fair value of share-linked instruments granted subsequent to March 31, 2021 in income statement. Accordingly,
from fiscal 2022 onwards, the Bank has started recognizing the fair value of stock options and units granted subsequent to March 31, 2021
in profit and loss account. The Group has not recognized an income tax benefit on employee stock options related compensation cost.

h)   Accounting for securitization

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
accounts for gain on sale of loans securitized at the time of sale in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 860, “Transfers and Servicing”.
As per ASC Topic 860, any gain or loss on the sale of the financial asset is accounted for in the income statement at the time of the
sale. Under Indian GAAP, net income arising from securitization of loan assets is accounted for over the life of the securities issued
or to be issued by the special purpose vehicle/special purpose entity to which the assets are sold. The profit/premium arising from securitization
is amortized over the life of the transaction based on the method prescribed by Reserve Bank of India. As per the Reserve Bank of India
guidelines issued on September 24, 2021, gain realized at the time of securitization of loans is accounted through profit and loss account
on completion of transaction. The unrealized gains, associated with expected future margin income is recognized in profit and loss account
only when redeemed in cash, after absorbing losses, if any. Net loss arising on account of the sell-down securitization of loan assets
is recognized at the time of sale.

Further, the securitization
transactions of mortgage loans by the Bank’s Canadian subsidiary do not qualify as sale transactions as they do not meet the de-recognition
criteria under Indian GAAP. Under U.S. GAAP, these securitization transactions have been accounted for as transfers as these satisfy the
derecognition criteria under ASC Topic 860 “Transfers and Servicing”.

Under ASC Topic 860 “Transfers
and Servicing”, certain securitization transactions, which qualify as transfer under Indian GAAP, do not qualify as transfer under
U.S. GAAP. See note 22 (a) on “Securitizations and variable interest entities”.

F-
134

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

i)   Income taxes

Deferred taxes are recognized
on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates, subject to limited exceptions under U.S. GAAP
while under Indian GAAP, no deferred taxes are recognized on temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, branches and
affiliates.

The Bank has recognized current
tax expense or benefit and recognized deferred tax assets or liabilities on the foreign currency translation reserves pertaining to its
overseas branches under Indian GAAP with these offsetting amounts allocated to net income. Under U.S. GAAP, no deferred tax assets or
liabilities are recognized on undistributed earnings of overseas branches where current taxes have been incurred and the current tax expense
or benefit incurred has been allocated to Other Comprehensive Income.

Under Indian GAAP, deferred
tax assets on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses of domestic companies are recognized only if there is virtual certainty
of realization of such assets, whereas under U.S. GAAP they are recognized based on a more-likely-than-not criteria.

The Bank and its housing finance
subsidiary create a Special Reserve through appropriation of profits from time to time and receive the current tax benefit as per the
Income Tax Act, 1961 for the appropriation. If the funds are withdrawn from the Special Reserve in future periods, the amount withdrawn
is taxable. Under Indian GAAP, a deferred tax liability has been recognized on such Special Reserve in accordance with the guidelines
issued by Reserve Bank of India/National Housing Bank. Under U.S. GAAP, deferred taxes are recognized and measured based on the expected
manner of recovery and deferred taxes are not recognized if the expected manner of recovery does not give rise to income tax consequences. Accordingly,
a deferred tax liability was not recognized under U.S. GAAP on the Special Reserve based on the Group’s continuing intention to
not withdraw or utilize such Special Reserve until a liquidation of the entity and on an opinion from the legal counsel about the non–taxability
of such Special Reserve in the scenario of a liquidation.

Under Indian GAAP, no deferred
tax asset is recognized on land, which is not depreciable for income tax purposes. Under U.S. GAAP, a deferred tax asset is recognized
for the temporary difference related to such assets including consideration of the indexation benefit available under tax laws.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the income tax impact of the non-tax adjustments that result from the application of U.S. GAAP.

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the adjustments to income tax (expense)/benefit in the net income reconciliation.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Deferred tax on temporary differences related to subsidiaries, branches and affiliates 1,2   (10,739.1)   (2,139.4)   9,340.1
Deferred tax on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses   1,237.8   (2,007.0)   2,168.3
Deferred tax on Special Reserve   7,793.9   6,580.8   3,669.5
Deferred tax on temporary difference on property and equipment   13.3   (117.4)   48.4
Income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments   19,972.5   8,576.6   (36,928.2)
Total differences in income taxes benefit/(expense)   18,278.4   10,893.6   (21,701.9)

1.   During fiscal 2024, the tax effects of temporary differences related to investments in ICICI General were reversed, as ICICI General
ceased to be an associate and became a subsidiary and U.S GAAP prohibits the recognition of a deferred tax asset for investments in subsidiaries
for which the temporary difference isn’t apparent to reverse in the foreseeable future.

2.   For the year ended March 31, 2022, tax effect of Rs. 8,247.7 million was recognized for the existing deductible temporary
                                                           difference for the Bank’s investment in ICICI General as it ceased to be a subsidiary and became an affiliate.

F-
135

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

At March 31, 2024, the stockholders’
equity was lower by Rs. 20,560.4 million (March 31, 2023: higher by Rs. 31,921.9 million), under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP
on account of income tax adjustments, of which Rs. 16,662.9 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 31,987.1 million) was due to deferred tax on
temporary differences related to branches and affiliates, Rs. (148.0) million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 615.1 million) was due to deferred
taxes not being recognized under U.S. GAAP related to foreign currency translation reserves pertaining to overseas branches, Rs. 2,651.6
million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 1,413.8 million) was due to deferred tax on unabsorbed depreciation or carried forward losses, Rs. 44,659.0
million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 36,865.1 million) was due to deferred tax on Special Reserve, Rs. 513.5 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 500.2
million) was due to deferred tax on temporary difference on property and equipment and Rs. (43,778.6) million (March 31, 2023: Rs. (39,459.3)
million) was due to the income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments.

See note on “Consolidated
Financial Statements - Schedules to the consolidated financial statements - Schedule 18A - Notes forming part of the accounts - 9. Deferred
tax” for Indian GAAP presentation.

j)   Others

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
and its housing finance subsidiary have revalued fixed assets and created a revaluation reserve amounting to Rs. 31,112.7 million at March
31, 2024 (March 31, 2023: Rs. 30,918.4 million). Under U.S. GAAP, fixed assets are recognized on cost basis, as per ASC Topic 360 –
Property, Plant and Equipment. Further, additional depreciation has been charged to income statement on revalued amount under Indian GAAP,
but not under U.S. GAAP, resulting in lower depreciation charge by Rs. 812.5 million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for the
year ended March 31, 2024 (Rs. 755.2 million for the year ended March 31, 2023 and Rs. 703.1 million for the year ended March 31, 2022).

Under Indian GAAP, the Bank
has made provisions on certain fixed assets acquired in debt asset swap arrangements as per the direction of Reserve Bank of India. Under
U.S. GAAP, these fixed assets were carried at book value or fair value, whichever is lower. There was a higher profit of Rs. 7,095.1 million
under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP for the year ended March 31, 2024 (higher profit of Rs. 1,216.2 million for the year ended
March 31, 2023 and lower profit of Rs. 1,476.8 million for the year ended March 31, 2022).

22.   Notes under U.S. GAAP

Additional information required
under U.S. GAAP

a)   Securitizations and variable interest entities

Overview

The Bank and its subsidiaries
are involved with several types of off-balance-sheet arrangements, including special purpose entities.

Uses of Special Purpose Entities

F-
136

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The Group deals with some
special purpose entities which were created to fulfill limited purposes as specified in their governing documents. The primary purpose
of these special purpose entities is to receive contributions from investors for buying assets from the transferor, hold such purchased
assets on behalf of the contributors to the trust and making regular payments to the investors from the proceeds of purchased assets.
These special purpose entities have been organized mainly in the legal forms of trusts. In a securitization, the company transferring
assets to a special purpose entity converts all (or a portion) of those assets into cash before they would have been realized in the
normal course of business, through the special purpose entities issuance of debt and equity instruments, certificates, commercial paper
and other notes of indebtedness, which are recorded on the balance sheet of the special purpose entity and not reflected in the transferring
company’s balance sheet, assuming applicable accounting requirements are satisfied. Investors usually have recourse to the assets
in the special purpose entity and often benefit from other credit enhancements, such as a collateral account or over-collateralization
in the form of excess assets in the special purpose entity, a line of credit, or from a liquidity facility, such as liquidity put option
or asset purchase agreement. In accordance with ASC 810-10, the Group consolidates these entities.

Variable Interest Entities

Variable interest entities
are entities that have either a total equity investment that is not sufficient to finance its activities without additional subordinated
financial support, or whose equity investors lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest (i.e. power through voting rights
or similar rights to direct the activities of a legal entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and
right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity or obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity). Investors that
finance the variable interest entity through debt or equity interests or other counterparties that provide other forms of support, such
as guarantees, subordinated fee arrangements, or certain types of derivative contracts, are variable interest holders in the entity. The
variable interest holder, if any, that has a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity is deemed to be the primary
beneficiary and must consolidate the variable interest entity. Accordingly, the Group has determined that it has a controlling financial
interest because it is the primary beneficiary of certain trusts and entities, based on its determination that it has both, the power
to direct activities of a variable interest entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, and obligation
to absorb losses of the variable interest entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity or the right to
receive benefits from the variable interest entity that could potentially be significant to the variable interest entity.

The following table sets forth
the Group’s involvement with consolidated and unconsolidated variable interest entities in which the Group holds significant variable
interests.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Year ended March 31, 2024   Year ended March 31, 2023
Mortgaged backed securitizations (funded)
Significant investment in unconsolidated variable interest entities   ..   ..
Investment in consolidated variable interest entities   1,425.8   1,425.8
Total investment in variable interest entity assets (gross assets)   1,425.8   1,425.8

The asset balances
for consolidated variable interest entities represent the carrying amounts of the assets consolidated by the Group. The carrying amount
may represent the amortized cost or the current fair value of the assets depending on the legal form of the asset (e.g., loan or security)
and the Group’s standard accounting policies for the asset type and line of business. The assets of variable interest entities
can be utilized only for the settlement of the obligations of respective variable interest entities.

F-
137

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the carrying amounts and classification of the consolidated assets and liabilities, in respect of variable
interest entities and special purpose entities where the Group is primary beneficiary. The liabilities of the consolidated variable interest
entities are to be met from the proceeds of the consolidated assets and other support provided by the Bank in the form of credit enhancements
and liquidity facilities. The creditors of the consolidated variable interest entities do not have recourse to the general credit of
the Group.

Rupees in million
Particulars   At March 31,  2024   At March 31,  2023
Investments   199.9   228.8
Loans   1,788.3   1,537.8
Total assets   1,988.1   1,766.6
Borrowings   273.3   334.0
Total liabilities   273.3   334.0

The Bank invests in pass through
certificates of securitization trusts with underlying retail loans originated by other entities. The carrying value of such investments
was Rs. 186,345.5 million at March 31, 2024 (March 31, 2023: Rs. 98,737.3 million). The Bank is not the primary beneficiary of these trusts
based on its assessment under ASC Subtopic 810-10 - Consolidation – overall. Further, neither was the Bank the transferor of assets
to these variable interest entities, nor was the Bank involved in the design of these variable interest entities. The maximum exposure
to loss from the Bank’s involvement in these trusts is the carrying value of the investments.

b)   Fair value accounting of financial interests

In fiscal 2016, the Reserve
Bank of India issued guidelines on strategic debt restructuring under which conversion of debt into equity and acquisition of ownership
interests in the borrower entity by banks was allowed. The Bank, along with other lenders, converted a portion of its loans to certain
entities into equity as per this guideline. Such conversion also allowed each lender, the right to nominate directors on the Board of
the borrower entity. Although these entities were considered as equity affiliates under ASC Subtopic 323-10 because of deemed significant
influence due to ownership interests and management rights, the intention of the Bank was to safeguard the debt recovery and not to get
an economic benefit from the operations of these entities. Accordingly, the Bank opted for fair value option for accounting these affiliates
and the loans, guarantees and equity share investments in these entities were fair valued through income statement under ASC Subtopic
825-10 “Financial Instruments”.

The following table, for the
periods indicated, provides details of fair value accounting of financial interests.

Rupees in million
Particulars   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Carrying value of loans and guarantees 1   17,654.0   19,203.6
Fair value of loans and guarantees   11,795.1   6,973.2
Of which, fair value of loans outstanding for more than 90-days past due   722.1   6,304.2
Fair value loss on loans and guarantees   5,858.9   12,230.4
Of which, fair value loss on loans outstanding for more than 90-days due   4,408.5   10,912.1
Fair value loss on investment in these financial interests   12,967.0   6,627.2

1.   The Bank has not recognized interest separately on these loans.

The Group’s shareholding
in these entities at March 31, 2024 is as below:

F-
138

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Sr. No.   Name of the entity   Ownership interest
1.   Usher Agro Limited   10.88%
2.   Gammon India Limited   10.63%
3.   Jaiprakash Power Ventures Limited   10.13%
4.   Unimark Remedies Limited   9.72%
5.   GOL Offshore Limited   9.11%
6.   Ballarpur Industries Limited   8.99%
7.   IVRCL Limited   7.98%
8.   Coastal Projects Limited   7.79%
9.   GTL Infrastructure Limited   3.81%
10.   Pratibha Industries Limited   3.01%
11.   Adhunik Power and Natural Resources Limited   1.77%
12.   Aster Private Limited   1.77%
13.   Patel Engineering Limited   0.98%
14.   Diamond Power Infrastructure Limited   -
15.   Vishwa Infrastructure and Services Private Limited   -

c)   Investments

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as held for trading.

Rupees in million

Debt securities   At March 31, 2024   At March 31, 2023
Government securities   525,348.3   287,473.6
Corporate debt securities   154,189.0   36,394.4
Other debt securities   168,983.3   76,524.7
Total   848,520.6   400,392.7

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the portfolio of investments classified as available for sale.

Rupees in million

At March 31, 2023
Amortized cost/cost   Gross Unrealized gain   Gross Unrealized loss   Fair value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   451,006.4   5,395.9   (1,620.2   )   454,782.1
Government securities   3,814,979.1   26,591.7   (13,688.5   )   3,827,882.3
Other debt securities   206,306.4   4,763.4   (351.2   )   210,718.6
Total debt securities   4,472,291.9   36,751.0   (15,659.9   )   4,493,383.0
Other securities   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   4,472,291.9   36,751.0   (15,659.9   )   4,493,383.0

1.   At March 31, 2024, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited being a subsidiary was consolidated
on a line-by-line basis.

Rupees in million

At March 31, 2023
Amortized cost/cost   Gross Unrealized gain   Gross Unrealized loss   Fair value
Available for sale
Corporate debt securities   254,220.6   1,499.6   (1,605.3   )   254,114.9
Government securities   3,075,622.4   8,569.5   (28,659.8   )   3,055,532.2
Other debt securities   129,371.2   1,272.7   (799.4   )   129,844.5

F-
139

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million

At March 31, 2023
Amortized cost/cost   Gross Unrealized gain   Gross Unrealized loss   Fair value
Total debt securities   3,459,214.2   11,341.8   (31,064.5   )   3,439,491.6
Other securities   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total   3,459,214.2   11,341.8   (31,064.5   )   3,439,491.6

The fair value of the Group’s
investment in equity securities based on readily determinable fair value at March 31, 2024 was Rs. 151,708.7 million (at March 31, 2023:
Rs. 53,533.0 million) primarily due to line-by-line consolidation of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited at March 31, 2024
and fair value of observable orderly transactions at March 31, 2024 was Rs.10,465.7 million (at March 31, 2023: Rs. 8,047.9 million).
The Group recorded a gain of Rs. 4,045.9 million on securities fair valued based on observable price in orderly transactions during fiscal
2024 (fiscal 2023: gain of Rs. 1,897.7 million).

Further, the Group’s
investments portfolio also contains investments held by its venture capital subsidiary, investments in non-readily marketable securities
and investments in affiliates. The fair value of investments held by the venture capital subsidiary was Rs.57.1 million at March 31, 2024
and Rs. 54.3 million at March 31, 2023. Non-readily marketable securities primarily represent investments in affiliates and securities
acquired as a part of project financing activities, investment in start-up entities or conversion of loans in debt restructurings. The
investments in non-readily marketable securities and investment in affiliates was Rs. 125,451.7 million at March 31, 2024 and Rs. 316,003.5
million at March 31, 2023. Of these, the carrying value of equity securities carried at cost less impairment was Nil at March 31, 2024
and Rs. 202,368.7 million at March 31, 2023 after recognizing Rs. 122,037.3 million impairment charge during fiscal 2023, which was primarily
towards investments in ICICI General. Further, the fair value of certain investments, where Bank has opted for fair value accounting was
Rs. 12,967.0 million at March 31, 2024 and Rs. 5,634.4 million at March 31, 2023 under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial Instruments”.

d)   Fair value measurements

The Group determines the fair
values of its financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy established in ASC Topic 820. The standard describes three levels
of inputs that may be used to measure fair value.

Level 1

Valuation is based upon unadjusted
quoted prices of identical instruments traded in active markets. The instruments that have been valued based upon such quoted prices include
traded equity shares, mutual funds, government securities, corporate bonds, certificate of deposits, commercial papers, futures and forex
spots. The Bank’s Canadian subsidiary has investments in bankers’ acceptances which are valued based on the quoted prices.
During Fiscal 2024, the Bank has updated its policy on levelling for the purpose of fair value hierarchy. To this extent, the fair value
hierarchy at March 31, 2024 is not comparable with the fair value hierarchy at March 31, 2023.

Level 2

Valuation is based upon quoted
prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, prices
quoted by market participants and prices derived from valuation models which use significant inputs that are observable in active markets.
Inputs used include interest rates, yield curves, volatilities, credit spreads, which are available from public sources like Reuters,
Bloomberg, Foreign Exchange Dealers Association of India, Financial

F-
140

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed Income
Money Markets & Derivatives Association of India.

The products include government
securities, debentures and bonds, certificate of deposits, commercial papers, forex options, single currency interest rate derivatives,
forwards, cross currency interest rate swaps, and Bond forward rate agreements.

Level 3

Valuation is based on valuation
techniques or models which use significant market unobservable inputs or assumptions. Financial instruments are considered Level 3 when
their values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant
model assumption or input is unobservable or when determination of the fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation.
The valuation of certain interest rate options are done by sourcing counterparty quotes at month ends.

India-linked non-Rupee denominated
bonds price is valued by discounting cash flows using rates incorporating fair market spreads published by Bloomberg/Reuters corresponding
to the international foreign currency ratings of the issuer (capped at international sovereign rating). The value of retained interest
in securitizations in Bank’s Canadian subsidiary, largely representing the excess spread of mortgage interest over the rate of return
on the mortgaged backed securities, is similarly impacted by the amount and timing of cash flows from the underlying mortgage assets.

In case of private equity investments,
the inputs used include the valuation multiples for comparable listed companies and adjustments for illiquidity and other factors.

The valuation of Indian pass
through certificates is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying trust would pay out. The underlying trust/originator
makes a number of assumptions with regard to various variables to arrive at the estimated flows. The cash flow schedule received from
the trust is discounted at the base yield curve rates and credit spreads published by Financial Benchmark India Private Limited and Fixed
Income Money Markets & Derivatives Association of India at month ends. Accordingly, these instruments are classified as Level 3 instruments.
A reduction in the estimated cash flows of these instruments will adversely impact the value of these certificates. A change in the timing
of these estimated cash flows will also impact the value of these certificates.

Rupee swaptions and Rupee treasury
bill interest rate swaps were valued using valuation model and discounted cash flow methodology respectively based on adjustments carried
out on market observable proxy as one of the inputs is unobservable.

The valuation of certain loans,
which have been fair valued as per ASC Subtopic 825-10, is dependent on the estimated cash flows that the underlying borrowers would pay
out. The Bank makes a number of assumptions with regard to various variables to arrive at the estimated cash flows. The cash flow schedule
is discounted at the current interest rate, which the Bank is likely to offer for loan facilities to borrowers in the similar rating grades,
which are not market observable. Accordingly, these loans are classified as Level 3 assets. The value of such loans will be impacted by
changes in amount and timing of the estimated cash flows from the borrowers.

Investments in venture fund
units and security receipts for which fair value is measured using net asset value, as a practical expedient, are not included in fair
value hierarchy.

The following table sets forth
the information about the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31, 2024 and the level
of inputs used to measure those products.

F-
141

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Description   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Investments
Equity shares   112,750.5   ..   12,001.1   124,751.6
Government debt securities   3,631,749.0   721,481.6   ..   4,353,230.6
Corporate debt securities   416,148.8   190,261.5   3,554.3   609,964.6
Mortgage and other asset backed securities   ..   ..   192,871.3   192,871.3
Funded Credit Derivatives   185.0   ..   ..   185.0
Others 1   117,194.8   99,693.2   1,757.3   218,645.3
Sub-total   4,278,028.1   1,011,436.3   210,184.0   5,499,648.4
Security receipts 2   ..
Venture fund units 2   17,453.9
Total investments   5,517,102.3
Derivatives (positive mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   93,191.9   3,167.3   96,359.2
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   807.5   52,915.6   ..   53,723.1
Equity derivatives   7.5   ..   ..   7.5
Total positive mark-to-market   815.0   146,107.5   3,167.3   150,089.8
Derivatives (negative mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   (92,556.2)   (657.0)   (93,213.2)
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   (261.1)   (74,883.9)   ..   (75,145.0)
Equity derivatives   ..   ..   ..   ..
Total negative mark-to-market   (261.1)   (167,440.1)   (657.0)   (168,358.2)
Borrowings
Bonds   ..   (360,136.8)   ..   (360,136.8)
Total borrowings   ..   (360,136.8)   ..   (360,136.8)
Loans
Loans   ..   ..   11,795.1   11,795.1
Total loans   ..   ..   11,795.1   11,795.1

1.   Includes primarily certificate of deposits, commercial paper and mutual funds.

2.   Fair value for these investments has been estimated using net asset value per unit
as declared by investee entities as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35 – “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures”. The fair
value for these investments has not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35-54B.

3.   Foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements, swap options and
exchange traded interest rate derivatives are included in interest rate derivatives.

4.   Foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency
futures are included in currency derivatives.

5.   At March 31, 2024, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited being a subsidiary
was consolidated on a line-by-line basis.

6.   During Fiscal 2024, the Bank has updated its policy on levelling for the purpose
of fair value hierarchy. To this extent, the fair value hierarchy at March 31, 2024 is not comparable with the fair value hierarchy at
March 31, 2023.

The following table sets forth,
the information about the Group’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31, 2023 and the level
of inputs used to measure those products.

Rupees in million
Description   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Investments
Equity shares   26,648.7   90.5   7,921.3   34,660.5
Government debt securities   672,451.5   2,670,554.2   ..   3,343,005.7
Corporate debt securities   88,804.1   200,584.0   2,048.4   291,436.5
Mortgage and other asset backed securities   ..   ..   101,578.7   101,578.7
Others 1   43,725.9   81,487.2   217.5   125,430.6
Sub-total   831,630.2   2,952,715.9   111,765.9   3,896,112.0
Security receipts 2   ..
Venture fund units 2   11,041.9

F-
142

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Description   Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Total
Total investments   3,907,153.9
Derivatives (positive mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   96,600.2   4,521.1   101,121.3
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   2,147.5   62,323.4   ..   64,470.9
Equity derivatives   4.3   ..   ..   4.3
Total positive mark-to-market   2,151.8   158,923.6   4,521.1   165,596.5
Derivatives (negative mark-to-market)
Interest rate derivatives 3   ..   (96,240.5)   (917.8)   (97,158.3)
Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives) 4   (429.9)   (78,259.3)   ..   (78,689.2)
Equity derivatives   (1.1)   ..   ..   (1.1)
Total negative mark-to-market   (431.0)   (174,499.8)   (917.8)   (175,848.6)
Borrowings
Bonds   ..   (335,829.9)   ..   (335,829.9)
Total borrowings   ..   (335,829.9)   ..   (335,829.9)
Loans
Loans   ..   ..   6,973.2   6,973.2
Total loans   ..   ..   6,973.2   6,973.2

1.   Includes primarily certificate of deposits, commercial paper and mutual funds.

2.   Fair value for these investments has been estimated using net asset value per unit
as declared by investee entities as per ASC Subtopic 820-10-35 – “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures”. The fair
value for these investments has not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy based on the changes in ASC Subtopic 820-10-35-54B vide
ASU No. 2015-07.

3.   Foreign currency interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements, swap options and
exchange traded interest rate derivatives are included in interest rate derivatives.

4.   Foreign currency options, cross currency interest rate swaps and foreign currency
futures are included in currency derivatives.

The Group holds investments
in certain venture capital funds and security receipts. The fair value of these investments has been estimated using the net asset value
per unit as declared by such investee entities. The security receipts are issued by asset reconstruction companies with underlying mainly
as non-performing loans with objectives of gains through improvement in recoveries on these assets. The venture capital fund units are
issued by venture capital funds with underlying investment in equity shares and other instruments with the objective of generating long
term returns. Some of the venture capital funds have focused investments in real estate and infrastructure sectors. The cash flow from
these investments is expected to happen through distribution upon liquidation of the underlying assets by the asset reconstruction companies’/venture
capital funds. A reduction in the estimated cash flows from the underlying assets or delays in collection of estimated cash flows will
adversely impact the net asset values and therefore the fair value of these investments.

Transfers in/out of Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy

Equity shares of Rs. 69.8 million
were transferred from Level 1 to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on significant management estimation/unobservable
market inputs at March 31, 2024 as compared to valuation based on unadjusted quoted prices at March 31, 2023.

Equity shares of Rs. 49.8 million
were transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on significant management estimation/unobservable
market inputs at March 31, 2024 as compared to unadjusted quoted price at March 31, 2023.

Equity shares of Rs. 13.0 million
were transferred from Level 3 to Cost as the valuation of these securities was based on cost based valuation at March 31, 2024 as compared
to prices from prior transactions or third-party pricing information without adjustment at March 31, 2023.

F-
143

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Equity shares of Rs. 726.2
million were transferred from Level 3 to Level 1 as the valuation of these securities was based on unadjusted quoted prices at March 31,
2024 as compared to prices from prior transactions or third-party pricing information without adjustment at March 31, 2023.

Equity shares of Rs. 1,450.5
million were transferred from Cost to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on prices from prior transactions or third-party
pricing information without adjustment at March 31, 2024 as compared to cost based valuation at March 31, 2023.

Corporate Debt securities of
Rs. 882.9 million were transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on significant management estimation/unobservable
market inputs at March 31, 2024.

Preference Shares of Rs. 432.2
million were transferred from cost to Level 3 as the valuation of these securities was based on prices from prior transactions or third-party
pricing information without adjustment at March 31, 2024 as compared to cost based valuation at March 31, 2023
.

Derivatives of Rs. 0.1 million
were transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 as the valuation of these derivatives was based on valuation models at March 31, 2024 as compared
to Counterparty quote based valuation at March 31, 2023.

F-
144

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth
certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 assets for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Description   Investments   Loans
Equity shares   Corporate debt securities   Mortgage and
    other asset backed securities   Others   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2023   7,921.4   2,048.4   101,578.7   217.5   111,766.0   6,973.2
Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
-Translation adjustment   41.1   ..   28.0   (2.4)   66.7   ..
-Included in earnings   3,278.0   319.8   101.9   495.6   4,195.3   6,270.6
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   10.8   1,038.1   4,003.4   0.1   5,052.4   ..
Purchases/additions   57.8   ..   170,062.9   614.3   170,735.0   6.8
Sales   ..   (72.1)   ..   ..   (72.1)   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   502.1   ..   502.1   ..
Settlements   (138.9)   (662.8)   (83,405.7)   ..   (84,207.4)   (1,455.5)
Transfers in Level 3   1,570.1   882.9   ..   432.2   2,885.2   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   (739.2)   ..   ..   ..   (739.2)   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2024   12,001.1   3,554.3   192,871.3   1,757.3   210,184.0   11,795.1
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   3,278.0   264.9   100.2   495.6   4,138.7   5,416.1
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in other comprehensive income attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   10.8   1,080.8   3,980.8   -   5,072.4   ..

1. Includes India-linked asset backed
securities.

F-
145

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth
certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 assets for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million
Description   Investments   Loans
Equity shares   Corporate debt securities   Mortgage and
    other asset backed securities   Others   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2022   121.2   2,484.9   62,143.3   750.9   65,500.2   9,398.0
Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized)
-Included in earnings   374.7   (382.5)   51.3   293.0   336.5   (948.0)
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   (35.2)   282.3   219.1   (355.0)   111.2   ..
Purchases/additions   1,306.0   27.5   87,155.9   ..   88,489.4   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   797.9   ..   797.9   ..
Settlements   ..   (363.8)   (48,798.9)   (656.4)   (49,819.1)   (1,476.8)
Transfers in Level 3   6,039.5   ..   ..   185.0   6,224.5   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   115.2   ..   10.1   ..   125.3   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2023   7,921.4   2,048.4   101,578.7   217.5   111,766.0   6,973.2
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   374.7   (513.3)   34.7   32.5   (71.4)   (948.0)
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in other comprehensive income attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   (35.2)   301.1   528.8   ..   794.7   ..

1.   Includes India-linked asset backed securities.

F-
146

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth certain additional
information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Description   Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives   Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives)   Equity derivatives   Un-funded credit derivatives   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2023   3,603.3   ..   ..   ..   3,603.3
Total gains or losses(realized/unrealized)
-Translation adjustment
-Included in earnings   (778.0)   ..   ..   ..   (778.0)
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Purchases   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Settlements   (315.1)   ..   ..   ..   (315.1)
Transfers in Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   0.1   ..   ..   ..   0.1
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reduction due to deconsolidation of entity   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2024   2,510.3   2,510.3
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   (1,091.4)   ..   ..   ..   (1,091.4)

F-
147

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth
certain additional information about changes in the fair value of Level 3 derivatives for the year ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Description   Derivatives
Interest rate derivatives   Currency derivatives (including foreign exchange derivatives)   Equity derivatives   Un-funded credit derivatives   Total
Beginning balance at April 1, 2022   2,145.3   ..   ..   ..   2,145.3
Total gains or losses(realized/unrealized)
-Included in earnings   1,307.7   ..   ..   ..   1,307.7
-Included in Other Comprehensive Income   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Purchases   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Sales   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Issuances   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Settlements   150.3   ..   ..   ..   150.3
Transfers in Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Transfers out of Level 3   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Foreign currency translation adjustment   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Ending balance at March 31, 2023   3,603.3   ..   ..   ..   3,603.3
Total amount of gains or (losses) included in earnings attributable to change in unrealized gains or (losses) relating to assets still held at reporting date   1,756.2   ..   ..   ..   1,756.2

F-
148

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Quantitative information about unobservable inputs used in Level
3 fair value measurements

The Group Level 3
instruments consist of investment, loans and derivatives. An asset is classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy when one or more
unobservable inputs are used that are considered significant to its valuation.

The following table
sets forth, significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments at March 31, 2024.

Sr. No.   Product   Fair value (Rs. in million)   Principal Valuation techniques   Unobservable inputs   Units   Range of input values
Low   High   Weighted average
1   Loans   11,795.1   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   14.03%   48.26%   23.86%
Loss Severity   %   11.48%   100.00%   29.01%
2   Investment
2A   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - India linked   190,765.6   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   7.68%   12.81%   8.21%
2B   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - Non India linked   2,105.7   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   3.70%   5.53%   4.09%
2C   Corporate Debt securities   3,554.3   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   6.86%   16.00%   13.55%
Loss Severity   %   0.00%   100.00%   68.32%
2D   Equity shares - Non India Linked   45.1   Comparable analysis   Listed price per share of the same issuer   USD   ..   279.08   279.08
Illiquidity and other discount   %   ..   50.00%   50.00%
2E   Equity shares - India Linked   57.1   Net asset valuations   Net asset value   %   134.09%   331.47%   194.27%
3   Interest Rate derivatives - India linked   2,483.2   Discounted cash flow   Markdown for the discount rate   BPS   40.00   77.00   50.59
Interest Rate derivatives – Non India linked   27.2   Counterparty quote based   -   -   -   -   -

F-
149

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table
sets forth significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments at March 31, 2023.

Sr. No.   Product   Fair value (Rs. in million)   Principal Valuation techniques   Unobservable inputs   Units   Range of input values
Low   High   Weighted average
1   Loans   6,973.2   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   44.08%   49.41%   47.15%
Loss Severity   %   21.09%   100%   61.40%
2   Investment
2A   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - India linked   98,737.4   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   7.43%   12.27%   8.34%
Loss Severity   %   ..   ..   ..
2B   Mortgage and other asset backed securities - Non India linked   2,841.3   Discounted cash flow   Yield   %   3.14%   4.90%   3.47%
2C   Corporate Debt securities   2,048.4   Discounted cash flow   Discounting rate   %   8.50%   16.00%   14.27%
Loss Severity   %   ..   100.00%   17.91%
2D   Equity shares - Non India Linked   36.6   Comparable analysis   Listed price per share of the same issuer   USD   ..   225.46   225.46
Illiquidity and other discount   %   ..   50.00%   50.00%
2E   Equity shares - India Linked   54.3   Net asset valuations   Net asset value   %   132.97%   302.49%   184.66%
3   Interest Rate derivatives - India linked   3,524.7   Discounted cash flow marked down for illiquidity   Illiquidity discount   bps   40   77   52
Swaptions - India linked   27.6   Discounted cash flow marked down for volatility   Volatility discount   bps   96   96   96
Cap & Floors - India linked   (1.5)   Counterparty Quote   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..
Interest Rate derivatives – Non India linked   52.5   Counterparty quotes   ..   ..   ..   ..   ..

e)   Investment securities in unrealized loss position

The Group adopted
ASU Topic 2016-13, “Financial Instruments—Credit Losses” effective April 1, 2020. The Group has determined that certain
available for sale debt securities with unrealized losses do not have credit losses. The Group conducts a review each year to identify
and evaluate investments that have indications of credit losses. Factors considered in determining whether a credit loss exists

F-
150

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

include the extent to which the fair
value is less than the amortized cost of a security, credit rating and financial condition of the issuer. A credit loss is computed as
difference between the amortized cost basis of the security and the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from a security,
limited by the amount that the fair value is less than amortized cost basis. The Group considers whether the investments have been identified
for sale or whether it is more likely than not that the Group will be required to sell the investment before recovery of its amortized
cost basis. The Group does not recognize an allowance on accrued interest as the Group’s policy is to reverse uncollected accrued
interest immediately after 90 days past due by derecognizing interest income.

The following table
sets forth, the fair value of the debt investments in available for sale debt securities and unrealized loss position, at March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Description of securities   Less than 12
    months   12 months or
    longer   Total
Fair Value   Gross Unrealized
    Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized
    Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized
    Losses
Corporate debt securities   21,738.1   (143.2)   81,020.0   (1,477.0)   102,758.1   (1,620.2)
Government securities   229,769.1   (882.9)   683,420.7   (12,805.6)   913,189.8   (13,688.5)
Other debt securities   6,226.6   (7.8)   5,547.1   (343.3)   11,773.7   (351.1)
Total debt securities   257,733.8   (1,033.9)   769,987.8   (14,625.9)   1,027,721.6   (15,659.8)

The following table
sets forth, the fair value of the debt investments in available for sale debt securities and unrealized loss position, at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million
Description of securities   Less than 12
    months   12 months or
    longer   Total
Fair Value   Gross Unrealized
    Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized
    Losses   Fair Value   Gross Unrealized
    Losses
Corporate debt securities   26,848.6   (631.1)   14,338.1   (974.2)   41,186.7   (1,605.3)
Government securities   594,925.7   (9,956.4)   777,128.1   (18,703.3)   1,372,053.8   (28,659.7)
Other debt securities   16,018.7   (258.0)   7,299.2   (541.6)   23,317.9   (799.6)
Total debt securities   637,793.0   (10,845.5)   798,765.4   (20,219.1)   1,436,558.4   (31,064.6)

Certain investments
in debt securities with unrealized losses are not classified as impaired, since the Group has assessed that the securities in an unrealized
loss position have not been identified for sale and it is not more likely than not that the Group will be required to sell the securities
before recovery of its amortized cost basis less any current period credit loss.

The Group also holds
certain debt investments with credit losses, which have not been identified for sale and it is not more likely than not that the Group
will be required to sell the securities before an anticipated recovery in value other than credit losses, where the amount representing
the credit losses is recognized in earnings and the amount of loss related to other factors is recognized in Other Comprehensive Income.
The credit losses have been determined based on the difference of present value of expected future cash flows of the securities and the
amortized cost basis of such securities. The Group bases its estimates of future cash flows on evaluation of the issuer’s overall
financial condition, resources and payment record and the realizable value of any collateral, third-party guarantees or other credit enhancements.

F-
151

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table sets forth, roll-forward
of the allowance for credit losses for available for sale debt securities for March 31, 2024:

Rupees in million
Corporate debt securities   Government securities   Other debt securities   Total allowance
Allowance for credit losses at the beginning of the period   8,290.0   ..   535.0   8,825.0
Additions during the year for which credit losses were not previously recorded   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additions to the allowance for credit losses arising from purchased financial assets with credit deterioration   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due to sale of securities during the year   433.4   ..   ..   433.4
Reductions due to the Group intends to sale the securities or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additional increases or decreases during the year on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period   211.0   ..   2.5   213.5
Write-off during the period   ..   ..   101.1   101.1
Recoveries during the period   455.5   ..   69.3   524.8
Balance of the allowance for credit losses at the end of the period   7,612.1   ..   367.1   7,979.2

The following table
sets forth roll-forward of the allowance for credit losses for available for sale debt securities for March 31, 2023:

Rupees in million
Corporate debt securities   Government securities   Other debt securities   Total allowance
Allowance for credit losses at the beginning of the period   7,881.6   ..   596.8   8,478.4
Additions during the year for which credit losses were not previously recorded   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additions to the allowance for credit losses arising from purchased financial assets with credit deterioration   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due to sale of securities during the year   ..   ..   ..   ..
Reductions due to the Group intends to sale the securities or more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis   ..   ..   ..   ..
Additional increases or decreases during the year on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period   597.1   ..   0.9   598.0
Write-off during the period   ..   ..   15.3   15.3
Recoveries during the period.   188.7   ..   47.4   236.1
Balance of the allowance for credit losses at the end of the period   8,290.0   ..   535.0   8,825.0

At March 31,
2024, the Group holds cost method equity investments amounting to Rs. 125,451.7 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 315,919.2 million). The fair
value for such securities has not been estimated in the absence of changes in circumstances that have a significant adverse effect on
the fair value of the investments.

F-
152

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

f)   Loans

The Group follows
the guidance provided in the FASB ASC topic 326: “Financial instruments – Credit Losses” for accounting and measurement
of loan loss allowance. This guidance established a single allowance framework for all financial assets measured at amortized cost including
unfunded credit facilities and loan commitments. This framework requires that management’s estimate reflects credit losses over
the instrument’s remaining expected life and considers expected future changes in macroeconomic conditions.

The Group’s
allowance for credit losses primarily comprises allowance for loan losses, unfunded credit exposure and non-cancellable loan commitments.
The Group does not classify its investment in debt securities as held-to-maturity. The Group does not recognize an allowance on accrued
interest as the Group’s policy is to write-off uncollected accrued interest immediately after 90 days past due (based on crop cycle
for certain agriculture based loans) by reversing interest income.

Any changes in the
allowance for credit losses is recognized in the income statement as allowance for credit losses.

The estimation of
the allowance for credit losses is complex and requires significant management judgment about the effect of certain matters that are inherently
uncertain. The allowance for credit losses in future periods may be significantly different, considering the macro-economic conditions,
forecasts and other factors then prevailing.

The allowance for
loan losses and allowance for lending-related commitments represents expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of retained
loans and lending-related commitments that are in the nature of non-cancellable by the Group. The expected life of each instrument is
determined by considering its contractual term and expected prepayments.

When calculating
the allowance for credit losses, the Group assesses whether exposures share similar risk characteristics. If similar risk characteristics
exist, the Group estimates expected credit losses collectively, considering the risk associated with a particular segment and the probability
that the exposures within the segment will default. The segmentation for the consumer loans and small business lending exposures is based
on risk characteristics such as product type, delinquency status, credit scores, months on book, etc. For Agriculture loans, a further
segmentation of risk characteristics is also carried out based on direct and indirect agriculture lending. The segmentation for commercial
loans is based on risk characteristics such as customer type, risk rating assigned using internal rating models and delinquency status.
The commercial loans are also considered as not sharing similar risk characteristics if principal or interest has remained overdue for
more than 90 days or the borrower has undergone restructuring/likely to be restructured. The consumer loan, loan commitment and significant
portion of commercial loans and unfunded credit exposure share similar risk characteristic with other credit exposures in the segment,
and as a result are collectively assessed for credit loss.

If an exposure for
commercial loans does not share risk characteristics with other exposures, expected credit losses are estimated on an individual basis.
The credit loss on individual basis is either estimated on basis of the present value of expected future cash flows or in case of a collateral
dependent loan, the net realizable value of the collateral net of cost to sell, if any. The loans primarily have collateral in the form
of business assets or real estate.

The credit loss on
collective basis is estimated using a current expected credit losses methodology which is based on relevant information about historical
experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the loan balances. The collective
assessment begins with a quantitative calculation that considers the likelihood of the borrower defaulting. The quantitative calculation
covers expected credit losses over an instrument’s expected life and is the result

F-
153

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

of multiplying the individual loan level
exposure at default with the estimated probability of default and loss given default. The probabilities of default are derived using a
macro-economic scenario over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. The term structure for subsequent periods is built using single
year reversion to the long run historical information. The forecasts take into consideration the Group’s overarching economic outlook
based on internal as well as external inputs and involve a governed process that incorporates feedback from senior management. The quantitative
calculation is adjusted to take into consideration model imprecision not yet reflected in the calculation.

The geopolitical
uncertainties and macroeconomic environment including the outlook on growth across the world may have an impact on the results of the
Bank and the Group. The Group makes adjustments to appropriately address these economic circumstances over and above the model output
by increasing the probability of default estimates based on management judgement.

Estimating the timing
and amounts of future cash flows is highly judgmental as these cash flow projections rely upon estimates such as loss severities, asset
valuations, default rates, the amounts and timing of interest or principal payments (including any expected prepayments) or other factors
that are reflective of current and expected market conditions. These estimates are, in turn, dependent on factors such as uncertainty
around geo-political situation, current overall economic conditions, portfolio or borrower-specific factors, the expected outcome of insolvency
proceedings as well as, in certain circumstances, other economic factors. All of these estimates and assumptions require significant management
judgment and certain assumptions are highly subjective.

During fiscal 2024,
the Bank implemented the ASU 2022-02: Troubled debt restructurings and vintage disclosures, since classification of TDR loans have removed,
the disclosures for recorded investments in restructured loans have not been made at March 31, 2024.

The following table sets forth the recorded investment
in restructured loans at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million
Total recorded
    investment in restructured loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances
    for credit losses   Total recorded
    investment in restructured loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal
    amount
Commercial loans   147,724.0   106,616.1   20,230.2   167,954.2
Consumer loans   56,104.6   15,947.5   ..   56,104.6
Total   203,828.6   122,563.6   20,230.2   224,058.8

A loan is considered
impaired when the Group believes it is probable that all amounts due according to the original contractual terms of the loan will not
be collected. A loan is generally classified as impaired if any amount of interest or principal remains overdue for more than 90 days
(360 days for direct agriculture loans). For large balance commercial loan, evaluation also includes assessment of individual loans based
on borrower specific facts and circumstances, including financial performance, future prospects and repayment history of the borrower.

The following table sets forth the recorded
investment in impaired loans at March 31, 2024.

F-
154

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Total recorded
    investment in impaired loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances
    for credit losses   Total recorded
    investment in impaired loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal
    amount
Commercial loans 1   218,074.2   167,214.9   20,332.6   238,406.9
Consumer loans 2   112,415.3   50,615.2   ..   112,415.3
Total   330,489.5   217,830.1   20,332.6   350,822.2

1.   Primarily includes commercial loans assessed individually.

2.   Includes consumer loans assessed collectively.

3.   During fiscal 2024, the Bank implemented the ASU 2022-02: Troubled debt restructurings and vintage disclosures, accordingly, the above
table includes the total impaired loans of the Bank at March 31, 2024.

The following table sets forth the recorded
investment in impaired loans at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million
Total recorded
    investment in impaired loans with related allowance for credit losses   Total allowances
    for credit losses   Total recorded
    investment in impaired loans with no related allowance for credit losses   Unpaid principal
    amount
Commercial loans 1   116,108.4   87,381.2   8,139.3   124,247.7
Consumer loans 2   60,429.1   29,677.8   ..   60,429.1
Total   176,537.5   117,059.1   8,139.3   184,676.8

1.   Primarily includes commercial loans assessed individually.

2.   Includes consumer loans assessed collectively.

The following table
sets forth the closing balance of allowance for loan losses for restructured loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Commercial
    loans   Consumer loans
    & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   106,616.1   ..   ..   106,616.1
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   15,947.5   ..   15,947.5
Total allowance for loan losses   106,616.1   15,947.5   ..   122,563.6
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   167,954.2   ..   ..   167,954.2
Collectively evaluated for impairment   ..   56,104.6   ..   56,104.6
Total recorded financing receivables   167,954.2   56,104.6   ..   224,058.8

The following table
sets forth the closing balance of allowance for loan losses for other loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2024.

F-
155

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Particulars   Commercial
    loans   Consumer loans
    & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   159,433.0   ..   ..   159,433.0
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   53,561.0   274,186.9   ..   327,747.9
Total allowance for loan losses   212,994.0   274,186.9   ..   487,180.9
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   219,632.6   ..   ..   219,632.6
Collectively evaluated for impairment   4,863,244.9   7,672,968.1   34.3   12,536,247.4
Total recorded financing receivables   5,082,877.5   7,672,968.1   34.3   12,755,880.0

1.   During fiscal 2024, the Bank implemented the ASU 2022-02: Troubled debt restructurings and vintage disclosures, accordingly, the above
table includes the total impaired loans of the Bank at March 31, 2024.

The following table
sets forth the closing balance of allowance for loan losses for other loans and recorded financing receivables at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million
Particulars   Commercial
    loans   Consumer loans
    & credit card receivables   Financial lease   Total
Allowance for loan losses
Allowance for loan losses: individually evaluated for impairment   78,406.5   ..   ..   78,406.5
Allowance for loan losses: collectively evaluated for impairment   51,045.8   205,792.1   ..   256,837.9
Total allowance for loan losses   129,452.3   205,792.1   ..   335,244.5
Recorded financing receivables
Individually evaluated for impairment   108,037.9   ..   ..   108,037.9
Collectively evaluated for impairment   4,288,123.3   6,392,677.9   50.1   10,680,851.2
Total recorded financing receivables   4,396,161.2   6,392,677.9   50.1   10,788,889.2

The following table
sets forth allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2024:

Rupees in million
Particulars   Fiscal 2024
Loan commitment   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal.   5,520.3   27,893.6   33,414.0
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the year   3,695.0   (16.3)   3,678.6
Allowances at the end of the fiscal   9,215.3   27,877.3   37,092.6

The following table
sets forth allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2023:

F-
156

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Particulars   Fiscal 2023
Loan commitment   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal   3,258.3   28,198.7   31,456.9
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the year   2,262.0   (305.1)   1,957.0
Allowances at the end of the fiscal   5,520.3   27,893.6   33,414.0

The following table
sets forth allowance of credit losses for the unfunded credit commitments for the period ended March 31, 2022:

Rupees in million
Particulars   Fiscal 2022
Loan commitment   Guarantees and Letter of Credit   Total allowance
Allowances at the beginning of fiscal   3,565.7   28,510.2   32,075.9
Add: Adjustment on transition to ASU Topic 2016-13
Allowance at April 1, 2020
Additions/(reductions) to allowances during the year   (307.5)   (311.5)   (619.0)
Allowances at the end of the fiscal   3,258.3   28,198.7   31,456.9

The following table sets forth
loans with financial difficulty which were modified during the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Modified Loans with financial difficulty involving following Modifications:
Amortised cost at
    March 31, 2024   Reduction in interest rates   Extension of term of the loans   Both Interest rate reduction and term extension   % of total loans outstanding   Weighted average reduction in interest rates   Weighted average extension in term (in months)
Commercial loans   693.7   ..   158.9   534.8   0.01%   7.15%   77
Consumer loans   1,105.3   ..   1,091.8   13.5   0.01%   0.48%   8
Total   1,798.9   ..   1,250.7   548.2   0.01%

1.

In addition to above the total principal forgiveness offered by the Group to its borrowers amounted to Rs. 11,932.7 million.

2.

Of the above loans modified during the year, commercial loans amounting to Rs. 549.9 million and consumer loans amounting to Rs.
97.9 million defaulted within the 12 months of modification. These defaulted commercial loans were offered both interest rate reduction
and term extension and the defaulted consumer loans were offered the term extension at the time of modification.

The following table sets forth the past due status at March 31, 2024
of loans with financial difficulty which were modified during the year ended March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Current   Overdue for 31-60 days   Overdue for 61-90 days   Overdue for more than 90 days   Total
Commercial loans   137.0   ..   20.7   535.9   693.6
Consumer loans   1,025.3   13.9   1.8   64.2   1,105.2
Total   1,162.3   13.9   22.5   600.1   1,798.8

F-
157

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

During fiscal 2024,
the Bank implemented the ASU 2022-02: Troubled debt restructurings and vintage disclosures, accordingly, the disclosures for recorded
investments in restructured loans have not been made at March 31, 2024. The following table sets forth loans restructured during the year
ended March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million

Particulars   Restructured loans involving changes in the amount and/or timing of
Number of borrowers whose loans are classified as restructured   Principal payments   Interest payments   Both principal and interest payments   Provision/(write-back) through P&L   Net restructured amount
Commercial loans   21   726.4   ..   3,506.8   (422.9)   2,594.5
Consumer loans   13   ..   ..   121.9   39.8   82.1
Total   34   726.4   ..   3,628.7   (383.1)   2,676.6

The following table
sets forth restructured loans at March 31, 2023, as well as loans that were restructured during a fiscal year and defaulted within the
same or next fiscal year:

Rupees in million
Particulars   Balances
at March 31, 2023   Payment
default during the year ended March 31, 2023 1
Commercial loans   167,954.2   6,651.5
Consumer loans   56,104.6   7,755.0
Total   224,058.8   14,406.5

1.   Default is defined as 90 days past due.

Additionally, at
March 31, 2024, the Bank has outstanding loans amounting to Rs. 16,615.5 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 18,064.0 million) to equity affiliates,
where the Bank has opted for fair value accounting under ASC Subtopic 825-10 “Financial Instruments”. See also 22. Notes under
U.S. GAAP – Additional information required under U.S. GAAP – Fair value accounting of financial interests.

g)   Equity affiliates

Under U.S. GAAP, the Group
accounts for its ownership interest in ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited (ICICI Life) by the equity method of accounting.

ICICI Life

Implementation of ASU 2018-12: Targeted
Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts (“LDTI”)

F-
158

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

ICICI Life implemented
Targeted improvements to the accounting for Long-Duration contracts with a transition date of April 1, 2023 (the “Transition date”).
The standard allowed for a transition method election for Future policy benefit liabilities and deferred acquisition cost as well as other
balances using appropriate methods. The financial statement for fiscal 2024 reflects the adoption of LDTI as prescribed under ASC 944
(ASU 2018-12).

The following tables
set forth, for the periods indicated, the summarized U.S. GAAP balance sheets and statements of operations of ICICI Life.

Rupees in million
At March 31,
Balance sheet   2024   2023
Cash and cash equivalents   56,783.2   57,856.5
Securities   1,195,441.0   964,814.0
Assets held to cover linked liabilities   1,648,424.0   1,440,580.6
Other assets   178,954.9   139,349.3
Total assets   3,079,603.1   2,602,600.4
Provision for linked liabilities   1,648,424.0   1,440,580.6
Other liabilities   1,211,385.8   1,062,924.1
Stockholders’ equity   219,793.3   99,095.7
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   3,079,603.1   2,602,600.4

Under the ‘carryover
basis’ transition approach, ICICI Life was required to establish LDTI compliant future policy benefits liabilities, deferred acquisition
cost and related balances for the Transition Date opening balance sheet by considering March 31, 2023 balances with certain adjustments
as described below.

Rupees in million
Shareholders’ Accumulated other Comprehensive income/(loss) (a)   Retained earnings (b)   Shareholders’ Equity (a+b)   Other Liabilities
Balance as reported at March 31, 2023   38,707.2   60,388.5   99,095.7   1,062,924.1
Cumulative effect of adopting LDTI (ASU 2018-12)
- Net actuarial liabilities   50,983.7   50,553.0   101,536.8   (101,536.8)
-Other balance sheet reclassifications and adjustments   (11,077.6)   (8,531.8)   (19,609.4)   19,609.4
Balance as adjusted at April 1, 2023   78,613.3   102,409.7   181,023.1   980,996.7

F-
159

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The Transition date
impacts associated with the implementation of LDTI were applied as follows:

US GAAP Standard ASC 944-40-65
provides guidance related to LDTI transition. The standard allows that companies can apply the ‘carryover basis’ transition
approach (i.e., start with the carrying value of various actuarial balances at the transition date as the starting point and calculate
amortization thereon). It also provides the option to use a ‘retrospective’ transition approach.

ICICI Life used the
carryover basis approach for determining US GAAP LDTI actuarial net liability balance as at the transition date of April 1, 2023,
and then roll forward these balances from March 31, 2023 to March 31, 2024. The Bank accounted for its share in the transition
adjustments of ICICI Life in the respective reserves.

The following tables set forth,
for the periods indicated, the summarized U.S. GAAP statements of operations of ICICI Life.

Rupees in million
Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023
Interest income   117,129.2   101,212.1
Interest expense   (995.7)   (1,014.2)
Net interest income   116,133.5   100,197.9
Insurance premium   432,356.4   399,327.8
Other non-interest income   369,251.3   (8,403.8)
Non-interest expense   (868,016.6)   (477,926.2)
Income tax (expense)/benefit   (6,194.1)   (1,782.8)
Income/(loss), net   43,530.5   11,412.9

The income increased
to Rs. 43,530.5 million in fiscal 2024 from an income of Rs. 11,412.9 million in fiscal 2023, primarily due to difference in policyholders’
liabilities and unallocated policyholders’ surplus , net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost and marked-to-market gain
on trading portfolio and equity securities.

The aggregate market value of the investment
in shares of ICICI Life at March 31, 2024 based on quoted market prices was Rs. 448,943.6 million (At March 31, 2023: Rs. 321,374.7 million).

h)   Insurance entities

Life insurance affiliate

The significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the life insurance affiliate are primarily on account of:

i)   Difference in policyholders’ liability and unallocated
policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost

Policyholders’ liability

Reserves under Indian
GAAP are held as per the requirements of Insurance Act, 1938, regulations notified by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority
of India and Actuarial Practice Standards of the Institute of Actuaries of India. Accordingly, the reserves are computed using the Gross
Premium Method (reserves are computed as the present value of future benefits including future bonuses and the present value of expenses
including overheads and are net of the present value of future

F-
160

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

total premiums, paid by policyholders).
The discount rates used are set on a prudent basis, and are updated at every fiscal year end.

The liability under
U.S. GAAP is measured as per the valuation guidance provided by the U.S. GAAP principles codified under the Account Standards Codification
(ASC) developed by the Financial Account Standards Board (FASB). The total liability under U.S. GAAP consists of two parts, viz., policy
liability (consisting of the liability for future policy benefits, unearned revenue liability, sales inducement liability) and deferred
profit liability.

The liability for
future policy benefits is computed as the present value of guaranteed benefits less the present value of net premiums that cover these
benefits. The operating assumptions used are set on a best estimate basis and are updated at the end of each fiscal year. Such assumptions
include mortality, morbidity, claims expenses, policy lapse and policy surrenders. The discount rate used for non-linked products represents
the discount rates that were locked-in inception. The liability for future policy benefits is recalculated using the yields on upper medium
grade fixed income corporate bond instruments and the difference in the liability is reflected in other comprehensive income. Deferred
profit liability is held in accordance with ASC Topic 944-605-35 for the products for which the premium paying term is shorter than the
policy term, to allow the emergence of the profits over the entire policy term. The deferred profit liability is calculated using the
same assumptions as the liability for future policy benefits but is calculated only using locked-in discount rates.

For Unit-Linked
contracts, the account value is held as liability. The excess of total allocation charges in each valuation period over the ultimate allocation
charges is held as unearned revenue liability and are amortized over time, in line with the amortization of deferred acquisition costs.
An additional sales inducement liability is held in respect of loyalty additions payable on such contracts, which accrues over time to
fund any future loyalty additions. The sales inducement liability is accrued based on the current best estimate operating and economic
assumptions.

Unallocated policyholders’
surplus

Participating policyholders are entitled
to 90% of the surplus generated in the fund, which is given in the form of a bonus. Under Indian GAAP, based on the recommendation of
the Appointed Actuary, 1/9
th
 of the bonus declared is transferred to the shareholders and remaining surplus after the transfer
is held back as Fund for future appropriation.

Under U.S. GAAP,
10% of the total surplus is transferred to shareholders and 90% is held back as unallocated policyholders’ surplus for participating
policyholders.

Deferred acquisition
cost

Under
Indian
GAAP, acquisition costs are charged to the revenue account in the year in which it is incurred whereas under U.S. GAAP, the acquisition
costs, which are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts, are deferred over the policy term.
Under U.S GAAP, the deferred acquisition costs are those that vary with and are primarily related to the acquisition of new and renewal
of existing insurance contracts.

The deferrable acquisition
cost asset is amortized over time on a constant-level basis. The amortization of deferrable acquisition costs over the accounting period
is recognized as an expense in the income statement. The unamortized balance of deferrable acquisition cost is reflected as an asset on
the balance sheet. The assumptions used to calculate amortization of deferrable acquisition costs are the same as those used to calculate
policy liability.

F-
161

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

ii)   Compensation costs

Accounting for employee
stock options

Under Indian GAAP,
stock compensation costs are accounted for using the intrinsic value method as compared to U.S. GAAP where stock compensation costs have
been accounted for based on fair value method.

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP,
all actuarial gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit in the profit
and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive Income. Subsequently cumulative
actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above the 10% corridor is amortized through profit and loss
account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield on high quality fixed income securities in U.S. GAAP
as compared to yield on Government securities under Indian GAAP.

iii)   Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio and equity securities

Under Indian GAAP,
accounting for investments is in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India,
which do not allow unrealized gain to be routed through the revenue account except in the case of linked business. A linked life insurance
policy is a policy in which the cash value of the policy varies according to the net asset value of units (i.e., shares) in investment
assets chosen by the policyholder. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gain/(loss) on investments classified as “held for trading”
is taken to the profit and loss account. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gain/losses on equity securities are recognized in profit and loss
account.

iv)   Income taxes

The differences in
the accounting for income taxes are primarily on account of the income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments.

v)   Lease

Under Indian GAAP,
expenses towards operating lease are charged to profit and loss account on a straight-line basis. Under U.S. GAAP, a right to use asset
and a lease liability is required to be recognized at the commencement of the lease for all lease on adoption of FASB ASC 842- “Leases”
and a single leases cost is recognized, which is calculated such that the cost of the operating lease is allocated over the lease term
on a generally straight-line basis.

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the life insurance affiliate.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended
    March 31,
2024 (1)   2023   2022
Profit as per Indian GAAP   8,506.7   8,134.9   7,592.0
Adjustments on account of
Unrealized gain/(loss) on trading portfolio and equity securities   19,605.1   (4,532.8)   (12,544.7)
Difference in policyholders’ liabilities and unallocated policyholders’ surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost   27,111.0   8,502.5   1,479.4
Compensation costs   (820.8)   (692.1)   (563.5)

F-
162

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended
    March 31,
2024 (1)   2023   2022
Deferred taxes benefit/(expense)   (10,657.0)   160.4   2,140.4
Others   (214.4)   (160.0)   138.2
Profit/(loss) as per U.S. GAAP   43,530.5   11,412.9   (1,758.2)
Net income/(loss) (net of tax)   43,530.5   11,412.9   (1,758.2)
Other Comprehensive Incom e (net of taxes):
Net unrealized gain/(loss) on securities, net of realization & others   21,003.9   (9,969.4)   (15,190.7)
Effect of remeasurement of future policy benefits to an upper-medium grade discount rate..   (26,565.6)   ..   -
Accounting for post retirement employee benefits   (10.5)   (0.1)   (24.6)
Total comprehensive income/(loss)   37,958.3   1,443.4   (16,973.5)

1.   Prepared in accordance with the LDTI guidelines as prescribed under ASC 944 (ASU
2018-12)

The profit under
Indian GAAP increased from Rs. 8,134.9 million in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 8,506.7 million in fiscal 2024, net income under U.S. GAAP increased
from an income of Rs. 11,412.9 million in fiscal 2023 to an income of Rs. 43,530.5 million in fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2024, the total comprehensive
income was Rs. 37,958.3 million as compared to total comprehensive income of Rs. 1,443.4 million in fiscal 2023.

The unrealized gain
on the trading portfolio and equity securities increased from a loss of Rs. 4,532.8 million in fiscal 2023 to a gain of Rs. 19,605.1 million
in fiscal 2024. This increase was primarily due to marked-to-market gains in equity and debt securities. In fiscal 2024, the marked-to-market
gain recognized on equity securities was Rs. 15,753.3 million (compared to a marked-to-market gain of Rs. 150.6 million in fiscal 2023).
Furthermore, the marked-to-market gain recognized in net income on the debt securities in fiscal 2024 was Rs. 3,851.8 million (compared
to a marked-to-market loss of Rs. 4,683.4 million in fiscal 2023). Out of the above, in fiscal 2024, the marked-to-market gain recognized
on equity securities in respect of participating fund was Rs. 14,220.8 million (compared to a marked-to-market loss of Rs. 228.3 million
in fiscal 2023). Furthermore, the marked-to-market gain recognized in net income on the debt securities in respect of participating fund
in fiscal 2024 was Rs. 3,849.5 million (compared to a marked-to-market loss of Rs. 4,562.2 million in fiscal 2023).

Under U.S. GAAP,
the policyholders' liabilities and unallocated policyholders' surplus, net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost, were lower by
Rs. 27,111.0 million in fiscal 2024 compared to Indian GAAP (compared to difference of Rs. 8,502.5 million in fiscal 2023). In fiscal
2024, difference in policyholder’s liabilities net of amortization of deferred acquisition cost is lower by Rs 56,319.2 million
compared to Indian GAAP which is primarily due to increase in deferred acquisition cost resulting from higher commission cost, which was
incurred for acquiring new insurance policies, on account of redesign of commission structure pursuant to the IRDAI (Payment of Commission)
Regulations, 2023 issued on March 31, 2023, coupled with release of prudent margins held in the reserves under Indian GAAP pursuant to
the adoption of LDTI (ASU 2018-12). In fiscal 2024, the liabilities recognized through the income statement towards unallocated policyholders'
surplus under U.S. GAAP were higher by Rs. 29,208.2 million compared to Indian GAAP, primarily due to the marked-to-market gain on the
equity & debt portfolio of participating funds.

Other comprehensive
income arising from policyholders’ assets classified as available for sale increased on account of unrealized gain (net of tax)
of Rs. 21,003.9 million in fiscal 2024 (fiscal 2023: unrealized loss (net of tax) of Rs. 9,969.4 million).

F-
163

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Other comprehensive
income includes charge (net of tax) of Rs. 26,565.6 million in fiscal 2024 arising from remeasurement of future policy benefits to an
upper-medium grade discount rate pursuant to adoption of LDTI guidelines as prescribed under ASC 944 (ASU 2018-12).

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of income taxes in net income reconciliation of ICICI Life.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended
    March 31,
2024 (1)   2023   2022
Income tax impact of U.S. GAAP adjustments   (10,657.0)   160.4   2,140.4
Total differences in income taxes   (10,657.0)   160.4   2,140.4

1.   Prepared in accordance with the LDTI guidelines as prescribed under ASC 944 (ASU
2018-12)

General insurance subsidiary

The significant differences
between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP in case of the general insurance subsidiary are primarily on account of:

i)    Provision for reinsurance commission

Under Indian GAAP,
reinsurance commission on business ceded is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk. Under U.S. GAAP, proceeds from
reinsurance transactions that represent recovery of acquisition costs are reduced from unamortized acquisition costs in such a manner
that net acquisition costs are capitalized and amortized over the related policy period.

ii)    Amortization of deferred
acquisition costs

Under Indian GAAP,
acquisition cost is charged as an expense to the revenue account in the year in which it is incurred whereas under U.S. GAAP, the same
is deferred and amortized as an expense in as per ASC Topic 944 “Financial Services-Insurance”. Accordingly, certain acquisition
costs have been deferred that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance contracts.

iii)   Premium deficiency

Under
Indian GAAP, premium deficiency is recognized if the sum of the expected claims costs, related expenses and maintenance costs exceed related
unearned premiums. Under Indian GAAP, for assessment of premium deficiency, line of business are segmented under “Fire”, “Marine”,
“Miscellaneous” segments. Under U.S. GAAP premium deficiency is assessed for each line of business and recognized in the profit
& loss account if the sum of expected claim costs and claims adjustment expenses, expected dividends to policyholders, un-amortized
acquisition costs and maintenance costs exceed related unearned premiums. A premium deficiency is recognized by first charging acquisition
costs to expense, to the extent required to eliminate the deficiency. If the premium deficiency is greater than un-amortized acquisition
costs, a liability for the excess deficiency is required to be accrued.

iv)    Compensation costs

Accounting for employee
stock options

Under Indian GAAP,
stock compensation costs are accounted for by the intrinsic value method as compared to U.S. GAAP where the compensation costs have been
accounted for at the fair value

F-
164

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

method in accordance with the requirement
of FASB ASC Topic 718 “Compensation-Stock Compensation”.

Retirement benefit cost

Under Indian GAAP,
all actuarial gains/losses are recognized on the balance sheet of the enterprise in the year in which they arise through suitable credit/debit
in the profit and loss account of the year. Under U.S. GAAP, actuarial gains/losses are accounted in Other Comprehensive
Income. Subsequently cumulative actuarial gain/loss lying in the Other Comprehensive Income which is over and above 10%
corridor is amortized through profit and loss account. Further, discount rate for computing benefit obligation is linked to yield
on high quality fixed income securities in U.S. GAAP as compared to yield on government securities under Indian GAAP.

v)    Mark to market on equity investments

Under Indian GAAP,
all unrealized gains/ (losses) on equity investments are recognized through reserves. Under U.S. GAAP, unrealized gains/ (losses)
on equity investments are recognized through income statement.

vi)    Income
taxes

The differences in
the accounting for income taxes are primarily on account of the income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments.

vii)    Lease

Under Indian GAAP,
expenses towards operating lease is charged to profit and loss account on a straight line basis. Under U.S. GAAP, a right to use asset
and a lease liability is required to be recognized at the commencement of the lease for all lease on adoption of FASB ASC 842- “Leases”
and a single lease cost is recognized, which is calculated such that the cost of the operating lease is allocated over the lease term
on a generally straight-line basis.

viii)   Business Combination

During fiscal 2022, in accordance
with the Scheme of Arrangement between ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited,
as approved by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India with effect from September 8, 2021, assets and liabilities of Bharti
AXA General Insurance Company Limited’s general insurance business vested with ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited on
the Appointed Date of April 1, 2020. ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited issued two fully paid up equity shares to the shareholders
of Bharti AXA General Insurance Company Limited for every 115 fully paid up equity shares.

Under Indian GAAP the merger
was accounted using the “Pooling of Interest Method” as prescribed in Accounting Standard 14 “Accounting for Amalgamations”
where all the assets, liabilities and reserves of the Bharti AXA’s general insurance business were recorded in their existing form
and at their carrying value and the excess of consideration paid over net assets taken-over was adjusted with the reserve and surplus
account.

Under US GAAP, the merger was
accounted in accordance with ASC 805 – Business Combinations where all the assets and liabilities were measured at fair value on
September 8, 2021 of merger. Goodwill was measured as excess of consideration paid over the net assets taken over.

F-
165

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Accordingly under US GAAP, ICICI Lombard General
Insurance Company Limited recognized intangible assets of Rs. 1,230.0 million and goodwill of Rs. 46,454.5 million. The goodwill is tested
for impairment on annual basis and intangible assets are amortized over the useful life.

The following table sets forth, for
the periods indicated, the details of the significant differences between Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP for the general insurance subsidiary.

Rupees in million

Reconciling items   Year ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Profit as per Indian GAAP   19,185.9   17,290.5   12,710.1
Adjustments on account of
Provision for reinsurance commission   (2,175.8)   (1,171.9)   1,511.7
Amortization of deferred acquisition costs   9,153.2   531.3   (125.0)
Premium deficiency   0.0   11.9   (5.8)
Compensation costs   (1,118.7)   (1,285.6)   (981.3)
Unrealized gain/(loss) on equity investments   7,258.0   (413.6)   (2,791.4)
Income tax benefit/(expense)   (3,556.6)   296.4   607.2
Business Combination   (123.0)   (123.0)   (508.2)
Others   17.8   (12.2)   (241.4)
Profit/(Loss) as per U.S. GAAP   28,640.8   15,123.8   10,175.9
Other Comprehensive Income (net of taxes)
MTM on Debt Securities   4,781.1   (6,010.8)   (2,763.0)
Compensation Cost   1,118.7   1,285.6   981.2
Actuarial Gain/(Loss)   18.6   14.4   0.6
Total Other Comprehensive Income   5,918.5   (4,710.8)   (1,781.2)
Total Comprehensive Income   34,559.2   10,413.0   8,394.7

The profit under
Indian GAAP increased from Rs. 17,290.5 million in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 19,185.9 million in fiscal 2024, profit under U.S. GAAP increased
from Rs. 15,123.8 million in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 28,640.8 million in fiscal 2024. Total comprehensive income under U.S. GAAP increased
from Rs. 10,413.0 million in fiscal 2023 to Rs. 34,559.2 million in fiscal 2024. In fiscal 2023, there was unrealized loss on available
for sale debt securities amounting to Rs. 6,010.8 million whereas in fiscal 2024 there is unrealized gain on available for sale debt securities
amounting to Rs. 4,781.1 million.

Reinsurance commission
on premium ceded is recognized as income in the year of the ceding of the risk under Indian GAAP and recognized over the policy period
under U.S. GAAP. Reinsurance commission income was lower by Rs. 2,175.8 million under U.S. GAAP as compared to Indian GAAP in fiscal 2024
(lower by Rs. 1,171.9 million in fiscal 2023). This decrease was primarily due to increase in reinsurance commission of health attachment
business in fiscal 2024 resulting in higher deferral under U.S. GAAP, which was accounted as upfront under Indian GAAP in fiscal 2024.

Deferred acquisition
cost resulted in income of Rs. 9,153.2 million in fiscal 2024 (fiscal 2023: cost of Rs. 531.3 million) under U.S. GAAP as compared to
Indian GAAP primarily due to flexibility given by the Regulator to the insurer with respect to expense management by removing cap on commission
percentage. The authority in March 2023, issued regulations w.r.t. Expenses of management and commission payment, by prescribing an overall
limit for the expenses of management w.e.f April 1, 2023. This resulted in higher acquisition costs booked under Indian GAAP during fiscal
2024 which were deferred under U.S. GAAP.

In fiscal 2023, there
was unrealized loss on equity investments amounting to Rs. 413.6 million whereas in fiscal 2024 there is unrealized gain on equity investments
amounting to Rs. 7,258.0 millions.

F-
166

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

While, these gains/losses are accounted
through fair value change account in balance sheet under Indian GAAP, under U.S. GAAP these gains/losses are accounted through net income.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the components of income taxes in net income reconciliation of the general insurance subsidiary.

Rupees in million
Reconciling items   Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Income tax impact of non-tax U.S. GAAP adjustments   (3,556.6)   296.4   607.2
Total differences in income taxes   (3,556.6)   296.4   607.2

i)

Goodwill and intangible assets

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a listing of goodwill and intangible assets, by category under U.S. GAAP
.

Rupees in million
Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023
Goodwill   639,289.5   35,101.4
Charge off/write off   (54.0)   (54.0)
Goodwill, net	 (A)   639,235.5   35,047.4
Asset management and advisory intangibles	 (B)   367.0   367.0
Customer-related intangibles   115,603.4   10,410.0
Accumulated amortization   (11,316.6)   (10,410.0)
Customer-related intangibles net (C)   104,286.8   ..
Goodwill and intangible assets, net(A+B+C)   743,889.3   35,414.4

1.   See also “Schedule 18 -Fixed assets”.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in goodwill under U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023
Opening balance   35,047.4   35,047.4
Goodwill addition during the period   604,188.1   ..
Goodwill disposed off during the period   ..   ..
Closing balance   639,235.5   35,047.4

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the changes in intangible assets under U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2024   2023
Opening balance   ..   ..
Additions   104,875.6   ..
Amortization   (588.7)   ..

F-
167

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Year
ended March 31,
2024   2023
Disposal   ..   ..
Closing balance   104,286.8   ..

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the estimated amortization schedule for intangible assets under U.S. GAAP, on a straight line basis,
for the next five years.

Rupees in million
Year ended:   Amount
Fiscal 2025   7,187.8
Fiscal 2026   7,187.8
Fiscal 2027   7,187.8
Fiscal 2028   7,187.8
Fiscal 2029   7,187.8
Thereafter   68,347.8
Total   104,286.8

The Group has assigned
goodwill to reporting units. The Group tests its goodwill for impairment on an annual basis at a reporting unit level. The fair value
of the reporting units was assessed as per ASC topic 350-20-35-3 and determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair value
of the reporting units was less than their carrying amounts and the quantitative goodwill impairment test was unnecessary at March 31,
2024.

j)

Employee benefits

Gratuity

In accordance with
Indian regulations, the Group provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan covering all employees. The plan provides a lump
sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death or termination of employment based on the respective employee’s salary and
the years of employment with the Group. The gratuity benefit provided by the Group to its employees is equal to or greater than the statutory
minimum.

In respect of the
parent company, the gratuity benefit is provided to the employee through a fund administered by a Board of Trustees and managed by ICICI
Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. The parent company is responsible for settling the gratuity obligation through contributions
to the fund.

In respect of the
remaining entities within the Group, the gratuity benefit is provided through annual contributions to a fund administered and managed
by Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited. Under this scheme, the settlement obligation
and contribution to be paid remains with the Group, although LIC and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited administer the scheme.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the funded status of the plans and the amounts recognized in the financial statements.

F-
168

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2024   2023
Change in benefit obligations
Projected benefit obligations at the beginning of the year   16,797.8   15,469.9
Add: Addition due to acquisition of control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Private Limited during the year   1,651.8   ..
Add: Adjustment for exchange fluctuation on opening obligations   2.4   12.2
Adjusted opening obligations   18,452.0   15,482.1
Service cost   1,737.7   1,526.2
Interest cost   1,345.5   1,063.6
Acquisition/(Divestitures)   (27.9)   34.1
Benefits paid   (1,576.7)   (1,742.0)
Unrecognized prior service cost   ..   ..
Plan amendments   ..   (72.2)
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligations   1,010.1   506.0
Projected benefit obligations at the end of the year   20,940.7   16,797.8
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year   15,454.2   15,190.5
Add: Addition due to acquisition of control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and I-Process Services (India) Private Limited during the year   1,608.9   ..
Adjusted opening plan assets   17,063.1   15,190.5
Acquisition/(Divestitures)   (27.9)   50.8
Actual return on plan assets   1,919.6   551.6
Employer contributions   3,760.8   1,403.2
Benefits paid   (1,569.6)   (1,742.0)
Plan assets at the end of the year   21,146.0   15,454.1
Funded status   205.3   (1,343.7)
Amount recognized, net   205.3   (1,343.7)
Accumulated benefit obligation at year-end   13,144.8   10,111.0

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the net gratuity cost.

Rupees in million

Year ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Service cost   1,737.8   1,526.2   1,435.9
Interest cost   1,345.5   1,063.6   984.5
Expected return on plan assets   (1,129.7)   (1,092.2)   (1,019.5)
Amortization of prior service cost   (9.8)   8.3   8.3
Amortized actuarial (gain)/loss   127.5   10.2   16.2
Acquisition and divestiture (gain)/loss   ..   ..   ..
Exchange (gain)/loss   2.4   12.2   6.0
Gratuity cost, net   2,073.7   1,528.3   1,431.4

The discount rate
for the corresponding tenure of obligations for gratuity is selected by reference to local government security yield with a premium added
to reflect the additional risk for AAA rated corporate bonds.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost
.

Year ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Discount rate   7.7%   6.7%   6.6%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels   8.0%   7.0%   7.1%
Rate of return on plan assets   7.4%   7.5%   7.5%

F-
169

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations.

Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023
Discount rate   7.7%   7.7%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels   8.0%   8.0%

Plan assets

The Group determines
its assumptions for the expected rate of return on plan assets based on the expected average long-term rate of return over the next 7
to 8 years.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s asset allocation for gratuity by asset category based on fair values.

Rupees in million
At March
    31,
2024   2023
Assets category
Investment in schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited
Group balance fund 1   20,186.5   14,439.4
Group growth fund 2   2.0   1.7
Group debt fund 3   235.4   158.0
Group short-term debt fund 4   32.6   101.3
Total investment in schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited   20,456.5   14,700.4
Investment in scheme of Life Insurance Corporation of India   393.4   425.4
Total assets managed by external entities   20,849.9   15,125.8
Special deposit with central government   290.0   290.0
Government debt securities   ..   13.2
Balance with banks and others   6.1   25.1
Total   21,146.0   15,454.1

1.   Objective of the scheme is to provide a balance between long-term capital appreciation
and current income through investment in equity as well as fixed income instruments in appropriate proportions. At March 31, 2024, investment
in government securities, corporate bonds, fixed deposits and equity were 47.58%, 36.05%, 0% and 16.37% respectively.

2.   Objective of the scheme is to primarily generate long-term capital appreciation
through investment in equity and equity related securities and complement it with current income through investment in fixed income instruments
in appropriate proportions depending on market conditions prevalent from time to time. At March 31, 2024, investment in government securities,
corporate bonds, fixed deposits and equity were 25.09%, 15.9%, 0% and 57.64% respectively, the rest is in current assets.

3.   Objective of the scheme is to provide accumulation of income through investment
in various fixed income securities. The Fund seeks to provide capital appreciation while maintaining suitable balance between return,
safety and liquidity. At March 31, 2024, investment in government securities, corporate bonds, and fixed deposits were 50.49%, 47.11%
and 0% respectively, the rest is in current assets.

4.   Objective of the scheme is to provide suitable returns through low risk investments
in debt and money market instruments while attempting to protect the capital deployed in the fund. At March 31, 2024, investment in government
securities, corporate bonds and fixed deposits were 0%, 46.63% and 0% respectively, the rest is in money market instruments.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s target asset allocation for gratuity by asset category.

Description   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2025   Target asset allocation at March 31, 2024
Funds managed by external entities 1   98.7%   98%
Special deposit with central government   1.3%   2%
Debt securities   0%   0%
Total   100%   100%

1.   Targeted investment during fiscal 2025 of about 43% to 45% in Central Government
securities, about 35% in corporate debt securities, about 5% in money market investment and about 15% to 17% in equity investment.

F-
170

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The plan assets primarily
consist of investments made in funds managed by external entities, which are primarily in equity, money market instruments and debt instruments
in different proportions depending on the objective of schemes. The value of the plan assets in funds managed by ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Company Limited has been arrived at based on the net asset value per unit of individual schemes. The value of plan assets in
the form of investments in scheme of LIC and special deposit with the Central Government are recorded at carrying value. The value of
plan assets in the form of debt securities is derived using Level 2 input.

ICICI Prudential
Life Insurance Company Limited administers the plan fund and it independently determines the target allocation by asset category. The
investment strategy is to invest in a prudent manner for providing benefits to the participants of the scheme. The strategies are targeted
to produce a return that, when combined with the Group’s contribution to the funds will maintain the fund’s ability to meet
all required benefit obligations. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited functions within the regulated investment norms.

LIC administers the
plan fund and it independently determines the target allocation by asset category. The selection of investments and the asset category
is determined by LIC. The investment strategy is to invest in a prudent manner to produce a return that will enable the fund to meet the
required benefit obligations. LIC, which is owned by Government of India, functions within regulated investment norms.

The plan assets are
mainly invested in various gratuity schemes of the insurance companies to limit the impact of individual investment. The Group’s
entire investment of plan assets is in India and 95.1% of investment is in various gratuity schemes of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
Company Limited. Insurers managing the plan assets of the Group consider operational risk, performance risk, credit risk and equity risk
in their investment policy as part of their risk management practices.

The following table
sets forth, the benefit expected to be paid in each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter.

Rupees in million
Amount
Expected Group contributions to the fund during the year ending March 31, 2025   1,610.0
Expected benefit payments from the fund during year ending March 31,
2025   2,920.1
2026   2,796.1
2027   2,857.8
2028   3,181.7
2029   3,185.8
Thereafter upto 10 years   17,554.9

The expected benefits
are based on the same assumptions as used to measure the Group’s benefit obligation at March 31, 2024.

Pension

The Group provides
for pension, a deferred retirement plan covering certain employees. The plan provides for a pension payment on a monthly basis to these
employees on their retirement based

F-
171

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

on the respective employee’s salary
and years of employment with the Group. Employees covered by the pension plan are not eligible for benefits under the provident fund plan.
The pension plan pertained to the employees of erstwhile Bank of Madura, erstwhile Sangli Bank and erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan which were
acquired with effect from March 2001, April 2007 and August 2010 respectively. The Group makes contribution to a trust which administers
the funds on its own account or through insurance companies.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the funded status of the plan and the amounts recognized in the financial statements.

Rupees in million
Year ended March
    31,
2024   2023
Change in benefit obligations
Projected benefit obligations at beginning of the year   17,376.0   18,543.6
Service cost   108.2   150.8
Interest cost   1,321.4   1,152.3
Liability extinguished on settlement   (2,137.9)   (2,192.6)
Benefits paid   (95.5)   (99.8)
Plan Amendments   306.9   ..
Actuarial (gain)/loss on obligations   112.9   (178.3)
Projected benefit obligations at the end of the year   16,992.0   17,376.0
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of the year   18,190.1   19,843.2
Actual return on plan assets   1,800.5   840.0
Assets distributed on settlement   (2,375.4)   (2,436.2)
Employer contributions   401.7   42.9
Benefits paid   (95.5)   (99.8)
Plan assets at the end of the year   17,921.4   18,190.1
Funded status   929.4   814.1
Net amount recognized   949.4   814.1
Accumulated benefit obligation at year end   16,499.4   16,819.6

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, the components of the net pension cost.

Rupees in million
Year
    ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Service cost   108.2   150.8   200.7
Interest cost   1,321.4   1,152.3   1,151.9
Expected return on assets   (1,361.0)   (1,522.1)   (1,621.0)
Curtailment and settlement (gain)/loss   237.5   243.6   254.4
Actuarial (gain)/loss   1,174.8   1,402.5   1,779.8
Net pension cost   1,480.9   1,427.1   1,765.8

The discount rate
for the corresponding tenure of obligations for pension is selected by reference to government security yield with a premium added to
reflect the additional risk corresponding to AAA rated corporate bonds.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost.

F-
172

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Discount rate   7.8%   6.4%   5.9%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels
On basic pay   1.5%   1.5%   1.5%
On dearness relief   8.0%   7.0%   7.0%
Rate of return on plan assets   7.5%   7.5%   7.5%
Pension increases (applicable on basic pension)   8.0%   7.0%   7.0%

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations.

Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023
Discount rate   7.7%   7.8%
Rate of increase in the compensation levels
On basic pay   1.5%   1.5%
On dearness relief   8.0%   8.0%
Pension increases (applicable on basic pension)   8.0%   7.0%

The compensation
escalation rate eligible for pension was determined at the time of acquisition and the same escalation rate is consistently considered
for computation of benefit obligations and periodic cost.

Plan Assets

The Group determines
its assumptions for the expected rate of return on plan assets based on the expected average long-term rate of return over the next 7
to 8 years.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the Group’s asset allocation and target asset allocation for pension by asset category based
on fair values.

Rupees in million
Asset category   Fair value at March 31, 2024   Fair value at March 31, 2023   Target asset
    allocation at March 31, 2025   Target asset
    allocation at March 31, 2024
Government debt securities   7,431.0   7,592.9   42%   42%
Corporate debt securities   8,349.5   8,786.4   46%   48%
Equity securities   1,675.6   1,288.2   9%   7%
Balance with banks and others   465.2   522.6   3%   3%
Total   17,921.3   18,190.1   100%   100%

The valuation of
the government and corporate securities is derived using Level 2 inputs.

The Group’s
entire investment of plan assets are in India and invested in government securities, corporate bonds, equity securities and equity traded
funds. Trustees manage the plan assets of the Group by investing in above securities as per the investment pattern and guidelines prescribed
under the Indian

F-
173

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

income tax law. Securities are purchased
after considering credit rating, comparative yields and tenure of investment.

The following table
sets forth, the benefit expected to be paid in each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter.

Rupees in million
Amount
Expected Group contributions to the fund during the year ending March 31, 2025   400.0
Expected benefit payments from the fund during the year ending March 31,
2025   779.5
2026   781.6
2027   921.7
2028   943.1
2029   1,104.0
Thereafter upto 10 years   7,406.2

The expected benefits
are based on the same assumption as used to measure the Group’s benefit obligation at March 31, 2024.

k)

Lease

The Group as lessee

The Group has entered
into lease arrangements primarily for the real estate office premises and for certain equipment used for the business purposes. For these
lease arrangements, the Group is required to make fixed lease payments adjusted for escalation clauses for certain lease arrangements,
except for certain assets where the variable lease payments are being made by the Group. The variable lease payments are determined primarily
based on the usage of the asset by the Group. None of these lease arrangements impose any restriction on the Group in relation to dividend
payments or incurring any additional financial obligations. The group has elected not to separate the lease and non-lease components of
these arrangements.

Operating lease

Operating lease liabilities
and right of use assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments
over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that represents the incremental borrowing rate for financing instruments
of a similar term and are included in accounts payable and other liabilities. The operating lease right of use asset, included in premises
and equipment, also includes any lease prepayments made, plus initial direct costs incurred, less any lease incentives received. Rental
expense associated with operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is included in the consolidated
statements of income. The following table sets forth, the information related to the Group’s operating leases.

Rupees in million
Year ended March
    31, 2024   Year ended March
    31, 2023
Right-of-use assets at year end   61,977.9   52,069.1
Lease liability at year end   67,493.5   57,128.2
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities
– operating cashflows from operating lease   12,662.1   11,139.4

F-
174

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Year ended March
    31, 2024   Year ended March
    31, 2023
Non-cash investing and financing activities – additions to right-of-use asset obtained from
new operating lease liabilities   21,456.4   17,268.7
Weighted average remaining lease term (in years)   8.1 years   8.0 years
Weighted average discounting rate (in %)   6.6%   6.1%

The following table
sets forth, the future payments under operating leases as of March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Year ended March
    31, 2024
Fiscal 2025   12,996.0
Fiscal 2026   12,097.8
Fiscal 2027   11,389.4
Fiscal 2028   10,633.8
Fiscal 2029   8,886.9
After Fiscal 2029   33,980.1
Total Lease payments   89,984.0
Less: Imputed interest   22,490.5
Lease liabilities at March 31, 2024   67,493.5

The Group does not
have any other significant future commitments at the end of fiscal 2024.

Finance lease

Finance lease liabilities
and right of use assets are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments
over the lease term. The future lease payments are discounted at a rate that represents the implicit rate in the lease. Rental expense
associated with finance leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is included in the consolidated statements
of income. The following tables provide information related to the Bank’s finance leases:

Rupees in million
Year ended March
    31, 2024   Year ended March
    31, 2023
Right-of-use assets at year end   589.0   832.6
Lease liability at year end   684.7   929.3
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities a. finance cashflows from finance lease b. operating cashflows from finance lease   255.8 69.9   220.0 93.5
Non-cash investing and financing activities – additions to right-of-use asset obtained from new finance lease liabilities   0.5   11.7
Weighted average remaining lease term (in years)   4.0 years   4.1 years
Weighted average discounting rate (in %)   9.6%   10.2%

The following table sets forth,
the future payments under finance leases as of March 31, 2024.

F-
175

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Year ended March
    31, 2024
Fiscal 2025   306.1
Fiscal 2026   213.1
Fiscal 2027   180.0
Fiscal 2028   65.9
Fiscal 2029   15.0
After Fiscal 2029   0.2
Total Lease payments   780.2
Less: Imputed interest   95.4
Lease liabilities at March 31, 2024   684.7

Lease cost

The Group’s lease cost
recognized in profit and loss account during the fiscal year is as below.

Rupees in million
Year ended March
    31, 2024   Year ended March
    31, 2023
Finance lease cost
Amortisation of right-to-use assets   242.5   240.1
Interest on lease liabilities   80.5   106.5
Operating lease cost   13,348.6   11,578.6
Short-term lease cost   ..   3.9
Variable lease cost   4,550.7   4,658.9
Less: Sublease income   (0.3)   (12.8)
Total lease cost   18,222.0   16,575.2

I)

Income taxes

Components of deferred tax
balances

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, components of the deferred tax balances.

Rupees in million
At March 31,
2024   2023
Deferred tax assets
Allowance for credit losses   99,075.6   96,231.3
Debt and equity securities   29.4   3,138.4
Business and capital loss carry forwards   8,733.8   8,569.7
Financial instruments   383.7   2,843.0
Investments in affiliates   23,144.1   30,153.5
Lease liability   17,026.0   14,334.5
Others   10,500.9   7,036.4
Total deferred tax assets   158,893.5   162,306.8
Valuation allowance   (2,171.8)   (3,553.3)
Total deferred tax assets (net of valuation allowance)   156,721.7   158,753.5
Deferred tax liabilities
Debt and equity securities   (11,040.8)   ..

F-
176

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
At March 31,
2024   2023
Property, plant and equipment   (5,706.8)   (5,044.8)
Investments in branches, subsidiaries and affiliates   (6,629.2)   (12,764.9)
Amortization of fees and costs   (11,052.5)   (9,271.8)
Intangible assets   (26,017.3)   ..
Non-banking assets   (7,980.0)   (6,194.3)
Right to use assets   (15,637.6)   (13,061.3)
Reserve for unexpired risk   (1,512.8)   ..
Others   (4,254.9)   (3,902.7)
Total deferred tax liabilities   (89,831.9)   (50,239.8)
Net deferred tax assets   66,889.8   108,513.7

In assessing the
realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable
income during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible. Management considers carryback availability, the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on
the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are
deductible, management believes that it is more likely than not that the Group will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets, net
of the existing valuation allowances, at March 31, 2024 and 2023. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable, however could
be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income are reduced.

The Indian statutory
income tax rate, including surcharge and cess was 25.17% for the year ended March 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.

Reconciliation of income tax expense

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of expected income tax expense at the Indian statutory income tax rate, the income
tax rate in our country of domicile, to reported income tax expense/(benefit).

Rupees in million
Year
    ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Income/(loss) before income tax expense from continuing operations
In India   734,600.7   359,939.4   622,481.7
Outside India   29,779.1   6,381.2   5,922.9
Total   764,379.8   366,320.6   628,404.6
Statutory tax rate   25.17%   25.17%   25.17%
Effective tax rate   17.75%   28.96%   16.86%
Income tax expense/(benefit) at the statutory tax rate   192,379.1   92,195.6   158,156.9
Increases/(reductions) in taxes on account of:
Special tax deductions available to financial institutions/insurance companies through appropriation of profits to a Special Reserve   (7,793.9)   (6,580.8)   (3,669.5)
Exempt interest and dividend income   (794.0)   (832.9)   (964.7)

F-
177

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

Rupees in million
Year
    ended March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Income charged at rates other than statutory tax rate 1   (2,781.2)   15,997.8   (37,780.6)
Expenses disallowed for income tax purposes   3,455.6   2,861.6   2,021.3
Tax on investment and undistributed earnings  in subsidiaries, branches and affiliates 2   10,739.1   2,139.4   (9,340.1)
Change in valuation allowance   (1,381.5)   2,675.1   (71.3)
Tax adjustments in respect of prior year tax assessments   (61.2)   276.2   (230.6)
Others 3   (58,260.3)   (2,629.4)   (2,144.3)
Income tax expense/(benefit) reported   135,501.7   106,102.6   105,977.2
Current tax expense
In India   132,989.2   111,869.8   73,064.0
Outside India   3,246.0   1,694.8   600.3
Total   136,235.2   113,564.6   73,664.3
Deferred tax (benefit)/expense
In India 4   (818.8)   (7,517.5)   31,858.2
Outside India   85.3   55.5   454.7
Total   (733.5)   (7,462.0)   32,312.9

1.   During fiscal 2022, includes tax effect of Rs. (35,006.1) million on gains due to
remeasurement of equity interest in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited.

2.   During fiscal 2022, the Bank had recognized a deferred tax asset amounting to Rs.
8,247.7 million on the investment in its equity affiliate (ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited). During fiscal 2024, the Bank derecognized
a deferred tax asset amounting to Rs. 7,857.3 million on the investment in its equity affiliate ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited.

3.   During fiscal 2024, includes tax effect of Rs. (35,278.9) million and Rs. (15,213.6)
million on gains due to acquisition of control in ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited and reversal of deferred tax liability
created on deconsolidation of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited in fiscal 2022, respectively.

4.   During fiscal 2023, includes income tax expense of Rs 2,683.1 million for an increase
of a valuation allowance because of a change in judgment about the realizability of a beginning-of-the-year deferred tax assets for capital
loss carryforwards of the Bank in future years.

The following table
sets forth the details of the amount and expiration dates of operating loss carry forwards at March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Expiry period   Bank   Subsidiaries   Overseas branches
Capital loss carry forwards
April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2029   1,203.2   1,317.5   ..
April 1, 2029 to March 31, 2034   27,353.3   88. 0   ..
Total capital loss carry forwards   28,556.5   1,405.5   ..
Business loss carry forwards
April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2029   ..   909.8
April 1, 2029 to March 31, 2034   ..   534.2
April 1, 2034 to March 31, 2039   ..   28.4   5,885.3
Indefinite period   ..   1,995.8   7,515.0
Total business loss carry forwards   ..   3,468.2   13,400.3

Accounting for uncertainty in income taxes

The Group has a policy
to include interest and penalties on income taxes, if any, within interest expense or income and income tax expense respectively. However,
no interest expense has been recognized in view of the adequate income taxes paid by the Group. No penalties have been accrued as

F-
178

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

of March 31, 2024 and 2023, as the Group
believes that the tax positions taken have met the minimum statutory requirements to avoid payment of penalties.

The Group has recognized
income with respect to interest accrued or received on tax refunds due to the Group against favourable orders received from tax authorities
amounting to Rs. 2,697.4 million, Rs. 1,149.5 million and Rs. 2,434.3 million during the year ended March 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 respectively.
Further, the Group does not recognize the interest income accrued on advance income taxes paid against various income tax matters until
the related matter is resolved with the taxing authority. Unrecognized interest on such advance income taxes paid is Rs. 12,244.6 million
and Rs. 13,866.7 million at March 31, 2024 and 2023 respectively.

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits.

Rupees in million
Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Beginning balance   40,142.8   36,271.5   35,856.2
Increases related to prior year tax positions   –   41.8   ..
Increases related to current year tax positions   7,314.9   5,462.6   4,116.5
Decreases related to prior year tax positions   (6.7)   (1,633.1)   (3,701.2)
Ending balance   47,451.0   40,142.8   36,271.5

The Group’s
total unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce income tax expense, as applicable, and thereby would affect the Group’s
effective tax rate.

The Group’s
major tax jurisdiction is India and the assessments are not yet completed for fiscal 2023. However, appeals filed by the Group are pending
with various local tax authorities in India from fiscal 1990 onwards.

Significant changes
in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated as the changes would depend upon the
progress of tax examinations with various tax authorities.

m)

Earnings per share

Basic earnings per
share is net income per weighted average equity shares. Diluted earnings per share reflects the effect that existing options would have
on the basic earnings per share if they were to be exercised, by increasing the number of equity shares.

The basic and diluted
earnings per share under U.S. GAAP differs to the extent that income under U.S. GAAP differs.

F-
179

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the computation of earnings per share as per U.S. GAAP.

Rupees in million, except per share data
Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Basic   Diluted   Basic   Diluted   Basic   Diluted
Earnings
Net income attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders (before dilutive impact)   613,763.5   613,763.5   249,993.7   249,993.7   511,792.6   511,792.6
Contingent issuances of subsidiaries/equity affiliates   ..   (1,170.5)   ..   (441.8)   ..   (224.1)
613,763.5   612,593.0   249,993.7   249,551.9   511,792.6   511,568.5
Common stock
Weighted-average common stock outstanding   7,003.9   7,003.9   6,966.3   6,966.3   6,933.7   6,933.7
Dilutive effect of employee stock options   ..   128.2   ..   130.0   ..   131.2
Total   7,003.9   7,132.2   6,966.3   7,096.3   6,933.7   7,064.9
Earnings per share (Rs.)   87.63   85.89   35.89   35.17   73.81   72.41

n)

Comprehensive income

The following table sets forth,
for the periods indicated, details of comprehensive income.

Rupees in million
Year ended
    March 31,
2024   2023   2022
Net income/(loss) (net of tax) excluding non-controlling interest   613,763.5   249,993.7   511,792.6
Other Comprehensive Incom e:
Net unrealized gain/(loss) on securities, net of realization & others (net of tax) 1   29,597.6   (34,719.5)   (33,087.7)
Translation adjustments (net of tax) 2   3,198.1   2,476.1   (838.1)
Employee accounting for deferred benefit pensions and other post retirement benefits (net of tax) 3   819.3   (61.3)   1,161.2
Comprehensive income attributable to ICICI Bank stockholders   647,378.5   217,689.0   479,028.0
Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests   15,382.1   10,301.6   14,041.9
Total comprehensive income   662,760.6   227,990.6   493,069.9

1.   Net of tax effect of Rs. 9,914.7 million, Rs. (10,211.3) million and Rs. (8,963.5)
million for the year ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 respectively.

2.   Net of tax effect of Rs. 1,016.9 million, Rs. 630.5 million and Rs. (466.6) million
for the year ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 respectively.

3.   Net of tax effect of Rs. 274.9 million, Rs. (14.4) million and Rs. 390.6 million
for the year ended March 31, 2024, March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 respectively.

o)

Guarantees

As a part of its
project financing and commercial banking activities, the Group has issued guarantees to enhance the credit standing of its customers.
These generally represent irrevocable assurances that the Group will make payments in the event that the customer fails to fulfill its
financial or performance obligations. Financial guarantees are obligations to pay a third-party beneficiary where

F-
180

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

a customer fails to make payment towards
a specified financial obligation. Performance guarantees are obligations to pay a third-party beneficiary where a customer fails to perform
a non-financial contractual obligation. The guarantees are generally for a period not exceeding 10 years.

The credit risks
associated with these products, as well as the operating risks, are similar to those relating to other types of financial instruments.
The current carrying amount of the liability for the Group’s obligations under the guarantees at March 31, 2024 amounted to Rs.
8,613.4 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 7,713.8 million).

The following table
sets forth, the details of guarantees outstanding at March 31, 2024.

Rupees in million
Nature of guarantee   Maximum potential amount of future payments under guarantee
Less than 1 year   1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Financial guarantees   669,399.0   165,746.7   47,963.1   8,186.6   891,295.4
Performance guarantees   369,581.3   432,768.7   83,480.7   20,302.6   906,133.3
Total guarantees   1,038,980.3   598,515.4   131,443.8   28,489.2   1,797,428.7

The following table sets forth, the details of guarantees
outstanding at March 31, 2023.

Rupees in million
Nature of guarantee   Maximum potential amount of future payments under guarantee
Less than 1 year   1 - 3 years   3 - 5 years   Over 5 years   Total
Financial guarantees   460,062.6   194,977.2   29,149.4   11,423.1   695,612.3
Performance guarantees   343,517.9   352,135.4   69,022.1   19,491.4   784,166.8
Total guarantees   803,580.5   547,112.6   98,171.5   30,914.5   1,479,779.1

The Group has collateral
available to reimburse potential losses on its guarantees. At March 31, 2024, margins in the form of cash and fixed deposit available
to the Group to reimburse losses realized under guarantees amounted to Rs. 310,416.2 million (March 31, 2023: Rs. 243,659.2 million).
Other property or security may also be available to the Group to cover losses under these guarantees.

Performance risk

For each corporate
borrower, a credit rating is assigned at the time the exposure is being evaluated for approval and the rating is reviewed periodically
thereafter. At the time of assigning a credit rating, the possibility of non-performance or non-payment is evaluated. Additionally, an
assessment of the borrower's capacity to repay obligations in the event of invocation is also evaluated. Thus, a comprehensive risk assessment
is undertaken at the time of sanctioning such exposures and reviewed periodically thereafter.

23.   Regulatory matters

Statutory liquidity requirement

In accordance with the Banking
Regulation Act, 1949, the Bank is required to maintain a specified percentage of its net demand and time liabilities by way of liquid
unencumbered assets like cash, gold and approved securities. The amount of statutory liquidity requirement at March 31, 2024

F-
181

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

was Rs. 2,471,830.1 million (March 31, 2023: Rs.
2,067,305.8 million), and the Bank complied with the requirement throughout the year.

Capital Adequacy

The Bank is subject to Basel
III capital adequacy guidelines stipulated by the Reserve Bank of India with effect from April 1, 2013. As per the guidelines, the Tier-1
capital is made up of Common Equity Tier-1 and additional Tier-1.

At March 31, 2024, the Bank
was required to maintain minimum Common Equity Tier-1 capital ratio of 8.20%, minimum Tier-1 capital ratio of 9.70% and minimum total
capital ratio of 11.70%. The minimum total capital requirement includes capital conservation buffer of 2.50% and additional Common Equity
Tier-1 capital surcharge of 0.20% on account of the Bank being designated as a Domestic Systemically Important Bank. Under Pillar 1 of
the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on Basel III, the Bank follows the standardized approach for measurement of credit risk, standardized
duration method for measurement of market risk and basic indicator approach for measurement of operational risk.

The total capital adequacy
ratio of the Bank calculated in accordance with the Reserve Bank of India guidelines on Basel III at March 31, 2024 was 16.33% (March
31, 2023: 18.34%). These are based on unconsolidated financial statements as per Indian GAAP.

F-
182

Table of Contents

ICICI Bank Limited and subsidiaries
Schedules forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)

24.   Impact of acquisition of ICICI General on previous period numbers

From February 29,
2024, ICICI General was classified as a subsidiary and has been consolidated on a line-by-line basis in Consolidated Financial Statements
under U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the numbers for previous periods may not be comparable.

For and on behalf of Board
of Directors

/s/ Sandeep Bakhshi Managing Director & CEO   /s/ Sandeep Batra Executive Director
/s/ Anindya Banerjee Group Chief Financial Officer   /s/ Prachiti Lalingkar Company Secretary
/s/ Laxminarayan Achar Chief Accountant

Mumbai

July 31, 2024

F-
183
