thirdagehealth.co.nz




                       Annual
                       Report
                       2024
Contents

FY24 Business summary                                04
FY24 Financial summary                               05
Chairman & CEO report                                06
Embracing Growth: Leading the Way in Aged Care       09
Enhancing Care and Satisfaction: Our Commitment to   11
Excellence
Our team & board                                     12
Consolidated financial statements                    13
   Directors' responsibility statement               14
   Consolidated statement of comprehensive income    15
   Consolidated statement of changes in equity       16
   Consolidated statement of financial position      17
   Consolidated statement of cash flows              18
   Notes to the consolidated financial statements    19
Independent auditor's report                         51
Statement of corporate governance                    55
Shareholder and statutory information                66
Corporate directory                                  71




                                                          3
FY24 BUSINESS SUMMARY
Third Age Health is New Zealand’s leading provider of quality health care services for
older people; supporting those living in care homes, private hospitals, secure dementia
units, retirement villages and in their own homes.


Our Growth and Reach in FY24                           NATIONAL FOOTPRINT


Third Age Health (TAH) has significantly
expanded its national footprint and
market share in FY24.

    Increased the number of Aged
    Residential Care (ARC) patients we
    provide care to by 18%, with 12.4%
    of ARC population across NZ
    currently supported by TAH, from
    67 facilities.

    Grew our combined enrolled
    patient population across both ARC
    and general practice by 4% to
    2﻿4,969 enrolled patients.

    Our core ARC revenue grew by 39%,
    while General Practices revenue
    grew by 30%.

    Clinical Team and People:
    87 clinicians worked with                                    % of total NZ ARC population
    us during FY24, a 28%                                        cared for by TAH
    increase from the prior
    year, with the number of                                     General practice location

    clinicians across both ARC
    and GP settings now
    making up 74% of the
    overall Third Age Health
    team (71%, FY23).
                                                               8,393
                                                               Of the total enrolled
                                                               patients are 65+ years

                                                                                                4
    FY24 FINANCIAL SUMMARY

         Revenue of $15,151k up 35% from FY23: Revenue growth was significant across
         ARC and General Practice. There were no new acquisitions of practices during the
         year however General Practice revenue grew from a combination of the full year
         impact from last year's acquisitions, fee increases and higher patient growth. Price
         review increases across ARC contributed to Revenue growth alongside growth in
         the number of ARC facilities serviced.
                                     1
         Underlying NPATA of $1,708k, up 148% from FY23: underlying NPATA is adjusted
         for noncash amortisation charges arising from purchase accounting rules and a
         non-recurring provision relating to the impairment of the TADH loan in FY23.
         Cashflow: Cash and cash equivalents increased to $1,695k in FY24 (FY23: $1,355k).
         This signifies an improved liquidity position, attributed to positive cash flows from
         operating activities of $2,677k for FY24 (FY23: $788k).
         Debt: activities during FY24 were focused on paying down debt of $999k (FY23:
         $37k).


                                                                   Third Age Health and Controlled Entities
     Financial Highlights $'000
                                                       1H             2H               %            FY23             FY24               %
Revenues                                            7,341           7,810           6.4%           11,217          15,151            35.1%
Underlying EBIT 2                                    1,096           1,510          37.7%           1,487           2,606            75.2%
Underlying EBIT Margin                              14.9%           19.3%           37.7%            13%            17.2%             3.9%
Underlying NPBTA                                      906            1,345          48.4%           1,244           2,251            80.9%
Underlying NPBTA%                                   12.3%           17.2%            4.9%            11%            14.9%             3.8%
Underlying NPATA                                      694            1,014           46%             688            1,708           148.3%
Underlying NPATA%                                    9.5%            13%             3.5%             6%            11.3%             5.1%


Statutory NPAT3                                      537             846           57.5%             412           1,383           235.9%

Basic earnings per share                             5.36            8.63           60.7%            4.39           13.99            220%

Ordinary dividends per share (cents)                 3.96            6.11           54.3%            5.03           10.07           100.2%

Return on Equity                                    30.2%            47%            17.3%            16%             47%             31.5%

Return on Capital Employed                          19.9%            36%            15.8%            12%             36%             23.7%


1
  Underlying NPBTA & underlying NPATA are adjusted for (i) non-cash amortisation charges arising as a result of purchase accounting
  rules (ii) non-recurring provision related to the TADH loan (iii) adjustment for IFRS 9 ‘financial instruments’ loss on restructure of loan
2 Underlying EBIT adjusted for non-recurring provision related to the TADH loan
3 The restatement on additional provision for “make good” has been reversed between our unaudited preliminary and the final

  audited results. This has resulted in the reported statutory NPAT for FY23 being revised back to $412k as was reported in the prior
  year audited financial statements. In addition, the statutory NPAT for FY24 has increased $22k from the unaudited preliminary to              5
  $1,383k.
CHAIRMAN & CEO REPORT


Dear Shareholder
We are pleased to report our full year results for FY24. During the year we progressed in creating
more customer value across our core business of providing primary medical care into Aged
Residential Care (ARC) settings and our Community General Practices, resulting in a more
sustainable growth trajectory.

A focus on continuously improving processes and systems was crucial for stabilising our
operations and strengthening the groundwork for sustainable future growth. Initiatives aimed at
improving clinician and client retention and attraction showed positive results as the year
progressed. Pleasingly we were also able to recruit more clinicians, which enabled us to meet
growing demand, and further strengthened our service delivery and client engagement, leading
to net organic growth in our core ARC-related business.

Unfortunately, some of our Auckland based Community General Practices continue to
underperform financially. The root causes have been identified and all efforts are being
expended to ensure performance is improved in the near future.



Creating Customer Value

Our commitment to creating value and delivering results for our customers saw us execute on
several initiatives across our ARC business:

    Completed the build of our proprietary digital clinical platform with the pilot release planned
    for Q1 FY25 for several customer facilities. This platform is a unique solution that streamlines
    a range of workflow issues faced by clinicians and facilities. It significantly enhances the
    quality of care we provide and highlights our commitment to innovation in the provision of
    primary care to older adults.
    Took over and transformed a practice at Selwyn Village providing primary care to its
    independent living retirement village residents. A cornerstone of our service at Selwyn
    Village is the KARE program, a clinical care model for older people’s health. Offering nurse-
    based screenings, check-ins, and assessments, the KARE program ensures that practitioners’
    time is utilised optimally while delivering better patient outcomes.
    Expanded our Nurse Practitioner development program by setting up a physical training base
    enabling us to facilitate additional intake of nurses who wish to pursue this pathway with us.
    Nurse Practitioners are an important means of building long-term resilience across our
    network.



                                                                                                       6
    Produced the Navigating Wellness book, a guide to
    primary health care for older adults in New Zealand,
    which will be freely available for use throughout the
    sector. We are grateful to the CHT Aged Care Fund for
    helping fund this initiative and the excellent work by our
    team compiling it.
    We are also piloting new innovative mixed-model virtual /
    physical services, encouraging collaborative team-based
    care which over time we plan to extend further across the
    country.


These investments in improving delivery and engagement with customers are starting to pay off
as demonstrated by significant year on year improvements in our Net Promoter Scores (NPS).
This has also resulted in positive word of mouth which has been instrumental in driving our
strong organic growth with practitioners and new ARC clients requesting our services.



                                   Continuous Improvement
                                   The roll out Kaizen (aka Lean) across the business has now
                                   evolved into our Third Age Health Way of Working (TAH
                                   WOW). We are particularly proud of what has been achieved
                                   by our team in terms of process improvement, waste
                                   reduction and embedding this way of working into our
                                   operational DNA. The progress made also resulted in the
                                   company being recognised as a top three finalist at the NZ
                                   Kaizen awards.


Financial Performance

Our core ARC-related business continues to experience strong organic growth with enrolled
patients of 4,360 up 18% compared with the number of aged residential care patients enrolled
with us at 31 March 2023. This increase drove organic revenue growth for the period of 39% on
pcp to $8.283 million.

Community General Practices maintained patient numbers during this year with enrolled
patients of 20,609 up 2% compared to 31 March 2023. General Practice revenue in total of
$6.868 million is up 30% on pcp.

Throughout the year we have adjusted pricing across both our ARC and General Practice
businesses to align with the rising cost of resourcing while ensuring our rates remain competitive
with current market demands.

                                                                                                     7
Capital Allocation
In evaluating our approach to allocating capital, we adhered to the principles such as the $1 rule
which we outlined in last year’s letter. We accelerated the repayment of $1m in high-cost bank
debt during the year while also investing in our digital capabilities. After careful consideration,
we determined that the acquisition of Hub Aged Care which closed after year end, would deliver
solid accretion in intrinsic value per share.

During the year, in line with our dividend policy, we distributed 75% of our net profit after tax as
dividends along with accelerating this return of capital by shifting from semi-annual to quarterly
dividend payments. Notably the total ordinary dividend per share paid during the year was the
highest in the company’s history.

Looking ahead, in FY25 and beyond we plan to grow our dividend per share on the FY24 baseline
on a cents per share basis. However, we will gradually over the long-term be targeting a dividend
payout ratio of 50-60%. This new payout ratio will provide us with the flexibility to accelerate the
repayment of high-cost debt taken on to acquire Hub Aged Care and make other capital
allocation choices with a view to ultimately driving average annual growth in intrinsic value per
share.


Dividend
We are pleased to announce a final FY24 fully imputed dividend per share, in line with our 75%
payout ratio dividend policy of 2.80 cents per share.


Outlook
While the health sector landscape remains complex, marked by an ageing population, and
limited practitioner resources, we remain optimistic about ongoing growth prospects of our core
ARC related business as we reap the benefits of the investments in processes, systems, and our
team. This along with our digital roadmap, has laid the groundwork for further organic growth.

We expect both our organic revenue and underlying profit in FY25 to outpace those of FY24,
albeit much more moderately than FY24 outpaced FY23.

In conclusion we want to express our sincere thanks to our customers, partners, team and to
you, our shareholders, for your continued trust and support.

Sincerely,




 John Fernandes                           Tony Wai
 Chairman                                 CEO                                                          8
Embracing Growth: Leading the Way in Aged Care
Caring for an Ageing New Zealand

New Zealand's population continues to age. The number of people aged over 65 is approximately
820,000, which is projected to exceed 1.5 million by 2048*. This demographic shift presents both
challenges and opportunities for the healthcare sector, which Third Age Health is committed to
adapt and evolve to meet, demonstrated through our growth, and key strengths.




Our Expansion

Growing Our Reach: By the end of FY24, we have contracted with 67 ARC facilities, marking a
29% increase compared to the prior year. This expansion underscores our commitment to
providing high-quality healthcare services to the elderly.

Market Share: We now support 12% of the total ARC population across New Zealand, a
significant increase from previous years. Our goal is to increase this market share to 20% within
the next five years.

Independent Living: We successfully launched TAHI Care in FY24, Third Age Health Independent
Living Care, at one of Auckland's largest retirement and aged residential care facilities. This new
model highlights our commitment to providing comprehensive care to meet the evolving needs
of elderly residents, ensuring they receive high-quality healthcare in a supportive environment, in
the community, retirement villages and in ARC.




                                                                                                      9
Our Strengths


Continuity of Care

With a growing proportion of the population ageing, the need for
consistent and integrated care is also increasing. Third Age Health leads
in providing planned-care approaches to support the health needs of
our ageing population, as well as by providing care to people as they
age in both retirement village and in the community.


Digital Transformation

In response to evolving healthcare needs and government policies, we are rolling out our new
clinical portal in FY25. This portal will enhance practitioner capacity and improve the quality of
care delivered to our patients.

Resourcing and Workforce Development

The healthcare sector faces significant resourcing challenges, with practitioners in high
demand globally and an ageing workforce nearing retirement. Third Age Health is proactively
addressing these issues by creating development pathways for General Practitioners (GPs)
and Nurse Practitioners (NPs), ensuring we attract and retain top talent.

Collaborative Government Initiatives

We are working closely with the government and the wider healthcare sector to meet the
increasing demand for aged care services across New Zealand. Our collaborative efforts aim
to reduce the impact on hospital services and ensure that healthcare needs are met efficiently
and effectively.

Diversification of ARC Client Base

Our client base continues to diversify, with a wider geographic spread and a variety of client
brands. This positions us as a key player in the sector, operating across a broad range of
facilities and locations, and providing robust and adaptable healthcare solutions.




                                                                                                     10
                                                                                                      9
Enhancing Care and Satisfaction: Our Commitment to Excellence

Our Progress and Achievements


Over the past year, Third Age Health has continued to improve its services, delivering notable
results that highlight our commitment to excellence. Key metrics from our recent surveys
provide insights into why facilities choose to work with us and why practitioners want to be
part of our team.



Positive Net Promoter Score (NPS)


ARC Clients NPS: NPS for 2024 is 39, reflecting high satisfaction and
likelihood of recommending our services.
Practitioner NPS: Our practitioner NPS is 17 in 2024, showcasing
practitioner satisfaction and engagement.




Why Facilities Choose Us
   Quality Care: Facilities appreciate the excellent primary GP/NP care we provide, along
   with our holistic approach and 24/7 support.
   Responsive Team: Our ARC PMs and support team are praised for their friendly,
   prompt, and approachable nature, fostering strong partnerships with facilities.
   Innovative Solutions: We continue to introduce new innovations and improvements,
   such as our 0800 support line and digital platforms, to enhance service delivery and
   support for our clients.




Why Practitioners Want to Be Part of Our Team
   Supportive Environment: Practitioners value the support and responsiveness of the
   TAH management team, finding their roles rewarding and impactful in improving health
   outcomes.
   Professional Development: Opportunities for upskilling, teaching, and continuous
   improvement are key reasons why practitioners enjoy working with us.
   Flexible Work: The freedom and flexibility offered in their roles allow practitioners to
   maintain a healthy work-life balance while making a difference in the lives of residents.


                                                                                               11
OUR TEAM

           67%              34%               117 Total team
           Female           Male              87 Clinical team



OUR BOARD
           John Fernandes | Independent Chairman
           John is CFO of MacroActive and Ruminant BioTech. He has experience in
           strategy, finance and continuous improvement within financial services,
           telco, media and technology businesses in New Zealand and a Master of
           Business Administration from The University of Auckland.




           Bevan Walsh | Founder and Non-Independent Director

           Bevan founded Third Age Health with the goal of revolutionising the way Kiwi
           nursing homes access their medical services. He has a strong commitment
           to delivering excellent service, and plays an active role in shaping Third Age
           Health’s practice philosophy.




           Steffan Crausaz | Independent Director
           Steffan is a transformative leader in healthcare, with experience as a
           pharmacist and CEO. As the former CEO of Tāmaki Health Group, he
           enhanced operating profits and developed telehealth options during the
           COVID-19 crisis. Before Tāmaki, Steffan led Pharmac.




            Wayne Williams | Independent Director
            Wayne is formerly a Partner of KPMG and has close to 30 years’ experience
            within the health sector. He has worked in line management and consulting
            roles within primary care, DHBs and the Ministry of Health, and he was most
            recently the CEO of Alliance Health Plus Trust.




                                                                                            12
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    Third Age Health Services Limited
             and subsidiaries

    For the year ended 31 March 2024




                                        13
Third Age Health Services Limited
Directors’ responsibility statement


The Directors of Third Age Health Services Limited (the “Company”) are pleased to present to shareholders the
Consolidated Financial Statements for Third Age Health Services Limited and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) for
the year ended 31 March 2024.

The Directors are responsible for presenting financial statements in accordance with New Zealand law and
generally accepted accounting practice, which present fairly in all material respects the financial position of
the Group as at 31 March 2024 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year ended on that
date.

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group have been prepared using accounting policies which have
been consistently applied and supported by reasonable judgements and estimates and all relevant financial
reporting standards have been followed.

The Directors believe that proper accounting records have been kept which enable with reasonable accuracy
the determination of the financial position of the Group and facilitate compliance of the Financial Statements
with the Companies Act 1993, NZX Listing Rules and Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The Directors ensure that they have taken adequate steps to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent
and detect fraud and other irregularities. Internal control procedures are also considered to be sufficient to
provide a reasonable assurance as to the integrity and reliability of the Financial Statements.


The Consolidated Financial Statements presented are signed on behalf of the Board on 27 June 2024 by:




     John Fernandes                                               Wayne Williams
     Chairman                                                     Audit Committee Chair




                                                                                                                  14
Third Age Health Services Limited
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 March 2024


                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                          Notes                     $000               $000
 Revenue                                                   4                      15,151             11,217
 Cost of services                                          5                      (7,535)            (5,633)
 Gross profit                                                                      7,616              5,584


 Other income                                                                         85                 35


 Administrative employees and contractors                  7                      (3,042)            (2,484)
 Administrative professional and consulting fees           8                        (437)             (503)
 Other expenses                                            9                      (1,226)             (841)
 Operational expenses                                                             (4,705)            (3,828)


 Loan impairment                                           17                           -             (233)


 EBITDA                                                                            2,996              1,558


 Depreciation on right of use assets                       18                       (360)             (273)
 Depreciation on plant, property and equipment                                       (30)               (31)
 Amortisation of intangibles                              19.3                      (325)             (240)
 Finance costs                                             10                       (355)             (286)


 Profit before income tax                                                          1,926                728


 Income tax expense                                        12                       (543)             (316)


 Profit for the period                                                             1,383                412


 Other comprehensive income                                                             -                  -

 Total comprehensive income for the period                                         1,383                412


 Profit and total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Shareholders of the parent                                                        1,400                439
 Non-controlling interests                                 27                        (17)               (27)


 Profit for the year                                                               1,383                412


 Earnings per share                                        14
 Basic earnings per share (cents)                                                  13.99               4.39
 Diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                13.99               4.39




These Consolidated Financial Statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                                          15
Third Age Health Services Limited
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2024



                                                                        Share
                                                                       Based                        Non-
                                                          Share     Payments      Retained     controlling
                                                         Capital      Reserve     earnings       Interest    Total
                                               Notes       $000          $000         $000          $000      $000
 Balance at 1 April 2022                                    515           643        1,538               -   2,696

 Profit for the year                                           -             -          439          (27)      412
 Total comprehensive income for the year                       -             -          439          (27)      412

 Shares issued                                               81              -            -             -        81
 Dividend                                                     -              -        (647)             -    (647)
 Tax credit on share based payments                           -              4            -             -         4
 Deferred tax credit on share based payments                  -           (10)            -             -      (10)
 Share based payments                                         -              8            -             -         8
 Balance at 31 March 2023                                   596           645         1,330          (27)    2,544


 Balance at 1 April 2023                                    596           645         1,330          (27)    2,544
 Prior period error                             28            -             -           (40)            -      (40)
 Revised balance at 1 April 2023                            596           645         1,290          (27)    2,504

 Profit for the year                                           -             -        1,400          (17)    1,383
 Total comprehensive income for the year                       -             -        1,400          (17)    1,383

 Dividend                                     13              -             -         (986)             -    (986)
 Tax credit on share based payments          12.1             -             -             -             -        -
 Deferred tax credit on share based payments                  -             -             -             -        -
 Share based payments                        25.2             -            12             -             -       12
 Balance at 31 March 2024                                   596           657         1,704          (44)    2,913




These Consolidated Financial Statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


                                                                                                                 16
Third Age Health Services Limited
Consolidated statement of financial position
For the year ended 31 March 2024


                                                                                2024                  2023
                                               Notes                            $000                  $000
 Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                      15                              1,695                 1,355
 Trade and other receivables                    16                                775                   840
 Other assets                                                                      81                   125
 Accrued revenue                                                                  319                   152
 Loan receivable                                17                                  -                    80
 Total current assets                                                           2,870                 2,552

 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                                    123                   135
 Right-of-use-assets                            18                              2,514                 2,967
 Intangible assets                              19                              4,191                 4,370
 Financial assets                                                                  20                    20
 Total non-current assets                                                       6,848                 7,492

 Total assets                                                                   9,718                10,044

 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                       21                              1,594                 1,164
 Employee benefits                                                                336                   209
 Provisions                                                                        22                    22
 Current tax liabilities                                                          346                    94
 Bank Loan - current                           23, 30                           1,342                   375
 Lease liabilities                              18                                306                   283
 Total current liabilities                                                      3,946                 2,147

 Non current liabilities
 Bank loan                                     23, 30                               -                 1,966
 Other payables                                  21                                 1                     2
 Lease liabilities                               18                             2,399                 2,755
 Deferred tax liability                         12.2                              459                   630
 Total non current liabilities                                                  2,859                 5,353


 Total liabilities                                                              6,805                 7,500

 Net assets                                                                     2,913                 2,544
 Equity
 Share capital                                  25                                596                   596
 Share based payment reserve                                                      657                   645
 Retained earnings                                                              1,704                 1,330
 Equity attributable to the Parent                                              2,957                 2,571

 Non-Controlling Interests                      27                               (44)                  (27)

 Total Equity                                                                   2,913                 2,544

These Consolidated Financial Statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                                                              17
Third Age Health Services Limited
Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2024

                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                               Notes                     $000          $000
 Cash flows from operating activities
 Receipts from customers                                                               15,097        10,692
 Payments to suppliers and employees                                                  (11,624)       (9,278)
 Interest received                                                                         38             7
 Interest paid                                                                           (372)        (243)
 Income taxes paid                                                                       (462)        (390)
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities                11                      2,677           788


 Cash flows from investing activities
 Payments purchase for property, plant and equipment                                      (17)          (44)
 Investment in developing intangible assets                                              (132)          (10)
 Acquisition of general practices                                                            -       (2,004)
 Net cash flows used in investing activities                                             (149)       (2,058)


 Cash flows from financing activities
 Share purchase plan deposits applied to acquire shares                                      -          (76)
 Proceeds from issuing shares                                                                -           72
 Loan repayments on bank borrowings                                                      (999)          (37)
 Loan receivable repayments                                                                80              -
 Payment of lease liabilities                                   17                       (283)        (198)
 Dividend paid                                                  13                       (986)        (638)
 Proceeds from borrowings                                       29                           -        2,378
 Net cash flows (used in) / provided by financing activities                           (2,188)        1,501


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                340           231


 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                               1,355         1,124
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                     1,695         1,355




These Consolidated Financial Statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                          18
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024



1. Reporting entity
These Consolidated Financial Statements are for Third Age Health Services Limited and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”). The Parent is incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand and registered under the Companies Act
1993. The parent’s shares are publicly traded on the New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX) and are listed on the
main board of the NZX. The principal trading activity of the Group is the provision of medical services to the
aged care sector. Those companies included in the Group are disclosed in note 19.

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group are for the year ended 31 March 2024. The Financial
Statements were authorised for issue by the Directors as dated in the Directors’ Responsibility Statement.


2. Statement of accounting policies
2.1. Basis of preparation

The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with New Zealand Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice (“NZ GAAP”). They comply with the New Zealand equivalents to International Financial Reporting
Standards (“NZ IFRS”) and other applicable Financial Reporting Standards, as appropriate. These Financial
Statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as published by the International
Accounting Standards Board. For the purposes of complying with NZ GAAP, the Group is a for-profit entity.
These Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

2.2. Basis of measurement

Historical cost convention
The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for, where
applicable, the revaluation of financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and financial
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, and certain classes of property, plant and
equipment.

Critical accounting estimates
The preparation of the financial statements requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also
requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the company’s accounting policies.
The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed in note 3.

2.3. Basis of consolidation

The Consolidated Financial Statements incorporate the Financial Statements of the Company and entities
controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:
•   has power over the investee
•   is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
•   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.



                                                                                                                     19
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
When necessary, adjustments are made to the Financial Statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
policies into line with the Group’s accounting policies.

All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

2.4. Functional and presentational currency

The individual Financial Statements of each Group entity are maintained in the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the entity operates (its functional currency). For the purpose of the
consolidated Financial Statements, the results and position of each Group entity are expressed in New Zealand
Dollars (NZD), rounded to thousands, which is the functional currency of the Company and the presentation
currency for the consolidated Financial Statements.

The Group has no foreign operations and the functional currency of all the Group subsidiaries is NZD.

2.5. Goods and services tax (GST)

Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities are recognised net of the amount of goods and services tax (GST)
except:
•   Where the amount of GST incurred is not recovered from the taxation authority, it is recognised as part of
    the cost of acquisition of an asset or as part of an item of expense; or
•   For receivables and payables which are recognised inclusive of GST (the net amount of GST recoverable
    from or payable to the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables).

2.6. Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
provisions of the instruments.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the
financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are
recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Financial instruments are classified into the following specified categories: ‘fair value through profit or loss’
(FVTPL), ‘fair value through other comprehensive income’ (FVOCI) and ‘at amortised cost’. The classification
depends on the nature and purpose of the financial instrument and is determined at the time of initial
recognition.




                                                                                                                    20
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

The Group’s financial assets consist of cash, short term deposits, trade receivables and related party
receivables.

Financial assets – Cash and short-term deposits
Cash and short-term deposits comprise cash at bank and on hand and short-term deposits with a maturity of
three months or less.
Financial assets – Trade and other receivables
Trade receivables are non-derivative financial assets and measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method less expected credit and loss allowance. Impairment of trade receivables is recorded through
a loss allowance account (bad debt provision). The amount of the loss allowance is based on the NZ IFRS 9
simplified Expected Credit Loss (ECL) approach which involves the Group estimating the lifetime ECL at each
balance date. The lifetime ECL is calculated using a provision matrix based on historical credit loss experience
and adjusted for forward looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

Financial assets – Related party receivables
Related party receivables are measured at amortised cost net of any impairment related to credit losses.

Financial liabilities and equity instruments
Financial liabilities and equity instruments – Equity instruments
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Group are recognised at the proceeds received,
net of direct issue costs.

Financial liabilities and equity instruments – Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at amortised cost (including borrowings, related party payables and trade and other
payables) are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of
allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral
part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected
life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
recognition.

Financial liabilities and equity instruments – Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
cancelled or they expire. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

2.7. Business combinations

Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair


                                                                                                               21
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
related costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired, and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair
value, except deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit
arrangements which are recognised and measured in accordance with NZ IAS 12 Income taxes and NZ IAS 19
Employee benefits respectively.

Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the
liabilities assumed. If, after reassessment, the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree
(if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

2.8. Current and non-current classification

Assets and liabilities are presented in the statement of financial position based on current and non-current
classification.

An asset is classified as current when: it is either expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in
the company’s normal operating cycle; it is held primarily for the purpose of trading; it is expected to be realised
within 12 months after the reporting period; or the asset is cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being
exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period. All other assets are
classified as non-current.

A liability is classified as current when: it is either expected to be settled in the company’s normal operating
cycle; it is held primarily for the purpose of trading; it is due to be settled within 12 months after the reporting
period; or there is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the
reporting period. All other liabilities are classified as non-current.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are always classified as non-current.


2.9. Issued Capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

2.10.    Dividends

Dividends are recognised when declared during the financial year and no longer at the discretion of the
company


                                                                                                                 22
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


2.11.    Employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits
Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual leave and long service leave
expected to be settled wholly within 12 months of the reporting date are measured at the amounts expected
to be paid when the liabilities are settled.

Defined contribution superannuation expense
Contributions to defined contribution superannuation plans are expensed in the period in which they are
incurred.

2.12.    Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the company has a present (legal or constructive) obligation as a result of a
past event, it is probable the company will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be
made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the
consideration required to settle the present obligation at the reporting date, considering the risks and
uncertainties surrounding the obligation. If the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted
using a current pre-tax rate specific to the liability. The increase in the provision resulting from the passage of
time is recognised as a finance cost.

2.13.    Changes in accounting policies

All significant accounting policies have been applied on a basis consistent with those used in the audited
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2023.

2.14. Standards issued but not yet effective

There are new or amended accounting standards mandatory effective 1 January 2024 which the Group did not
adopt earlier.

Amendments to NZ IAS 1 – Presentation of Financial Statements: Disclosure of Accounting Policies
Amendments to NZ IAS 7 – Statement of Cash Flows and NZ IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures
Amendments to NZ IAS 16 – Leases
Amendments to FRS 44 – Disclosure of Fees for Audit Firms’ Services

The Group is yet to assess the full impact of these new standards or amendments issued but not due for
adoption by the group until 1 April 2024. However, they are not at this stage expected to have a material
impact on the Group.



3. Use of accounting estimates and judgements
The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements. Management continually evaluates
its judgements and estimates in relation to assets, liabilities, contingent liabilities, revenue and expenses.
Management bases its judgements, estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on other various
factors, including expectations of future events, management believes to be reasonable under the

                                                                                                                  23
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

circumstances. The resulting accounting judgements and estimates will seldom equal the related actual
results. The judgements, estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities (refer to the respective notes) within the next
financial year are discussed below.

• Loan receivable from Third Age Digital Health (note 16)
The Company has determined that a provision against the loan receivable from Third Age Digital Health be
recognised owing to constructive obligation and based on the best estimate of the consideration required to
settle the present obligation at the reporting date, considering the risks and uncertainties surrounding that
obligation.

• Carrying of value of intangible assets (note 18)
The company assesses the carrying value at each reporting date of goodwill allocated to each cash generating
unit by value-in-use calculations which require the use of assumptions. These assumptions include discount
rate, terminal growth rate and EBITDA growth as disclosed in note 18 and are based on Company’s best
estimate at the date of preparation.


•   Share based Payments (Note 24)
The company assesses valuation of share-based payments using the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model
which require the use of assumptions. These assumptions include share price at grant date, exercise price,
share volatility, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate as disclosed in note 24.1 and are based on Company’s
best estimate at the date of preparation.


• Revenue from services rendered
When recognising revenue in relation to the provision of services to customers, the key performance
obligation of the company is considered to be when the service is provided to the customer, as this is deemed
to be the time that the customer obtains the benefits of the service provided.

• Expected Credit Loss (ECL)
The allowance for expected credit losses assessment requires a degree of estimation and judgement. It is
based on the lifetime expected credit loss, grouped based on days overdue, and makes assumptions to
allocate an overall expected credit loss rate for each group. These assumptions include recent sales
experience, historical collection rates and forward-looking information that is available. The allowance for
expected credit losses, as disclosed in note 15, is calculated based on the information available at the time of
preparation. The actual credit losses in future years may be higher or lower.

• Estimation of useful of useful life of assets
The company determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation and amortisation charges for its
property, plant and equipment and finite life intangible assets. The useful lives could change significantly as a
result of technical innovations or some other event. The depreciation and amortisation charge will increase
where the useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or technically obsolete or non-strategic assets
that have been abandoned or sold will be written off or written down.




                                                                                                                24
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

• Income tax
The company is subject to income taxes in New Zealand, the jurisdiction in which it operates. Significant
judgement is required in determining the provision for income tax. There are many transactions and
calculations undertaken during the ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain. The company recognises liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on the company’s current
understanding of the tax law. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the carrying
amounts, such differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such
determination is made.

• Recovery of deferred tax asset
Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences only if the company considers it is
probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

• Lease term
The lease term is a significant component in the measurement of both the right-of-use asset and lease liability.
Judgement is exercised in determining whether there is reasonable certainty that an option to extend the
lease or purchase the underlying asset will be exercised, or an option to terminate the lease will not be
exercised, when ascertaining the periods to be included in the lease term. In determining the lease term, all
facts and circumstances that create an economical incentive to exercise an extension option, or not to exercise
a termination option, are considered at the lease commencement date. Factors considered may include the
importance of the asset to the company’s operations; comparison of terms and conditions to prevailing market
rates; incurrence of significant penalties; existence of significant leasehold improvements; and the costs and
disruption to replace the asset. The company reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise an
extension option, or not exercise a termination option, if there is a significant event or significant change in
circumstances.

• Incrementation borrowing rate
Where the interest rate implicit in a lease cannot be readily determined, an incremental borrowing rate is
estimated to discount future lease payments to measure the present value of the lease liability at the lease
commencement date. Such a rate is based on what the company estimates it would have to pay a third party
to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset, with similar terms,
security and economic environment.

• Lease make good provision
A provision has been made for make good costs which are specifically identified in each the Company’s lease
agreements for future restoration of leased premises. The provision includes future cost estimates associated
with closure of the premises for specifically identified make good requirements. Changes to the estimated
future costs for sites are recognised in the statement of financial position by adjusting the asset and the
provision. Reductions in the provision that exceed the carrying amount of the asset will be recognised in profit
or loss.




                                                                                                               25
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


4. Revenue recognition
4.1. Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue has been categorised as consultation revenue, capitation revenue and other revenue.

Consultation revenue
The Group earns revenue from the provision of medical consultation services. Each consultation performed is
a separate performance obligation satisfied at a point in time. The price for each consultation is a fixed amount
based on an agreed rate card with the customer. Revenue is recognised once the consultation service has been
provided. Revenue claims from contracts like ACC and MOH (General medical, maternity and immunisation
claims) with customers is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable and may be
reduced for rebates and other similar allowances.

Capitation revenue
The Group provides various medical services on a ‘stand ready’ basis on behalf of Primary Health Organisations
(PHOs). This capitation revenue is recognised monthly based on the number of enrolled patients and the
agreed rate for the particular patient. The agreed rate will be affected by the characteristics of the patient, for
example, their age or gender. Revenue is recognised on an over time basis measured on a time lapsed basis.

Other revenue
Other revenue is made up of claims related to vaccinations and other claims recognised on a point in time
basis once the services have been given to the patient as well as interest revenue. Interest revenue is
recognised as interest accrues using the effective interest method. This is a method of calculating the
amortised cost of a financial asset and allocating the interest income over the relevant period using the
effective interest rate, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the
expected life of the financial asset to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

Revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                   2024                      2023
                                                                                   $000                      $000
 Capitation revenue
   Aged medical care services                                                     2,308                     1,857
   General practice medical services                                              3,887                     2,728

 Consultation revenue
   Aged medical care services                                                     5,906                     3,961
   General practice medical services                                              2,425                     1,851

 Other revenue
   Aged medical care services                                                        69                        130
   General practice medical services                                                556                        690


 Total revenue from contracts with customers                                     15,151                    11,217




                                                                                                                26
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


Geographical information
Over the two years covered by the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Group operated in New Zealand
only.

Timing of revenue recognition
Revenue from services provided to customers are recognised at a point in time.

Information about major customers
Included in total revenue are revenues that arose from services provided to the Group’s largest customers.
The Group derived revenue from the following significant customers:
                                                                                2024                       2023
                                                                                $000                       $000
    Customer 1                                                                  2,300                    1,653
    Customer 2                                                                   655                        588
No other single customers contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for both 2024 and 2023.



5. Cost of services
Cost of services line include direct costs of doctors, nurses and medical supplies as well as other direct costs.

                                                                                   2024                        2023
                                                                                   $000                        $000
    Practitioners (GP’s and nurses)                                                7,341                       5,506
    Medical supplies                                                                 194                         127
    Total for cost of services                                                     7,535                       5,633



6. Segment information
6.1. Products and services from which reportable segments derive their revenue

The Group's reportable segments are as follows:
•      Aged medical residential care services, being the provision of medical care services to the aged care
       sector.
•      General practice medical services, being the provision of primary care services to the community.




                                                                                                                    27
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


6.2. Segment revenues and results

The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results from operations by reportable segment:

Segment revenue                                                                2024                       2023
                                                                               $000                       $000
Aged medical care services                                                    8,283                       5,948
General practice medical services                                             6,868                       5,269
Total for continuing operations                                              15,151                      11,217


Segment profit before tax                                                      2024                       2023
                                                                               $000                       $000
Aged medical care services                                                    1,833                        709
General practice medical services                                                93                         19
Total for continuing operations                                               1,926                        728



Segment profit includes the following items:

For the year ended 31 March 2023                                         Aged care           General practice
                                                                    medical services         medical services
                                                                               $000                     $000
EBITDA                                                                          713                         845
Depreciation                                                                     (4)                      (300)
Amortisation of intangibles                                                        -                      (240)
Interest expense on leases                                                         -                       (99)
Interest on bank Loan                                                              -                      (150)
Interest on Loss on modification of borrowings                                     -                       (43)
Profit before tax                                                               709                         19

Add back: Loan impairment                                                       233                           -
Profit before tax from underlying core operations                               942                         19

Income tax expense                                                            (270)                        (46)
Profit for the period                                                           439                        (27)




                                                                                                             28
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


For the year ended 31 March 2024                                         Aged care          General practice
                                                                    medical services        medical services
                                                                               $000                    $000
EBITDA                                                                        1,839                   1,157
Depreciation                                                                     (6)                  (384)
Amortisation of intangibles                                                        -                  (325)
Interest expense on leases                                                         -                  (204)
Interest on bank Loan                                                              -                  (151)
Profit before tax                                                             1,833                      93


Add back: Loan impairment                                                          -                         -
Profit before tax from underlying core operations                             1,833                      93


Income tax expense                                                            (496)                     (47)
Profit for the period                                                         1,337                      46



EBITDA represents profit before tax excluding amounts for depreciation and amortisation expenses, interest
expenses and interest income.



6.3. Segment assets and liabilities

 Segment assets                                                                2024                    2023
                                                                               $000                    $000
 Aged medical care services incl support functions                             2,638                  2,445
 General practice medical services                                             8,281                  8,784
 Total segment assets                                                        10,919                  11,229


 Intercompany elimination                                                    (1,201)                 (1,185)
 Total segment assets                                                          9,718                 10,044



 Segment liabilities                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                               $000                    $000
 Aged medical care services incl support functions                             1,461                  1,048
 General practice medical services                                             6,545                  7,637
 Total segment liabilities                                                     8,006                  8,685


 Intercompany elimination                                                    (1,201)                 (1,185)
 Total segment liabilities                                                     6,805                   7,500




                                                                                                             29
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


7. Costs of administrative employees and contractors includes:
                                                                            2024                        2023
                                                Note                        $000                        $000
 Salaries and wages                                                         2,513                      2,129
 Short term incentives                                                       197                          40
 Defined contribution (KiwiSaver)                                            121                          89
 Share based payments expense                   24.2                          12                           8
 Employee benefit expense                                                   2,843                      2,266


 Contractors                                                                 199                         218
                                                                            3,042                      2,484


8. Administrative professional and consulting fees
                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                  $000                  $000
 Fees payable to auditors                                                           70                    89
 Accounting and taxation services                                                   40                    45
 Legal expenses                                                                     41                    92
 Directors' fees                                                                    180                  174
 Listing and share registry costs                                                   40                    50
 Other consultancy costs                                                            66                    53
                                                                                    437                  503


Fees payable to auditors of $70,000 relates to fees for the annual audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements being $52k to UHY Haines Norton and $18k to the prior auditors EY (2023: $89,400). UHY Haines
Norton does not perform other assurance or non-assurance services. Accounting and taxation services are
provided by Deloitte.

Legal expenses include $21,334 in respect of acquisition activity during the year ended 31 March 2024 (2023:
$76,480). Refer to note 30.3.


9. Other expenses
                                                                           2024                         2023
                                                                           $000                         $000
 Technology / IT                                                            601                          426
 Marketing & PR                                                              26                           15
 Travel & Entertainment                                                      38                           41
 Professional operational services                                          198                          109
 Office & General                                                           363                          250
                                                                          1,226                          841




                                                                                                           30
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


10. Finance costs
                                                                               2024                      2023
                                                                               $000                      $000
 Interest expense on leases                                                    204                        144
 Interest on bank Loan                                                         151                         99
 Loss on modification of borrowings                                               -                        43
                                                                               355                        286



11. Reconciliation of profit for the year to net cash from operating activities


 Reconciliation of profit for the year to net cash from operating activities
                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                        $000             $000
 Profit before income tax                                                              1,926              728

 Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows:
 Depreciation and amortisation                                                           390              304
 Amortisation of intangibles                                                             325              240
 Share based payments expense                                                             12                8
 Loan impairment                                                                            -             233
 Other non-cash adjustments                                                               (9)                -

 Working capital adjustments:
 Trade and other receivables                                                              64            (729)
 Trade and other payables                                                                431              702
 Impact of working capital acquired                                                         -           (308)
                                                                                       3,139            1,178
 Income tax paid                                                                        (462)           (390)


 Net cash from operating activities                                                    2,677              788




12.Taxation
12.1.    Income tax recognised in profit or loss relating to continuing operations

Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax
arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for
the business combination.




                                                                                                            31
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


Tax expense comprises:
                                                                               2024                         2023
                                                                               $000                         $000
 Current income tax                                                              715                         435
 Deferred income tax                                                           (172)                        (113)
 Prior period adjustment                                                           -                          (6)
 Total income tax expense recognised in the current year                         543                         316



Income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:

                                                                                  2024                      2023
                                                                                  $000                      $000
 Profit before tax                                                               1,926                       728


 Income tax expense/(benefit) calculated at 28%                                    539                       204


 Effect of non-deductible expenses                                                  11                       110
 Tax credit on share based payments                                                    -                      (4)
 Prior period adjustments                                                           (9)                         6
 Income tax expense recognised in profit or loss                                   543                       316



12.2.    Deferred tax

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
the Financial Statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred
tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such
deferred tax assets are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other
than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit
nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference
arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Company is able to control the
reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such
investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable there will be sufficient taxable
profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in
the foreseeable future.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
asset to be recovered.


                                                                                                                32
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
the manner in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax liability

Deferred tax liability is made up of the following deferred tax assets and liabilities.

                                                                                     2024                     2023
                                                                                     $000                     $000
 Deferred tax asset                                                                   913                         957
 Deferred tax liability                                                          (1,372)                    (1,587)
                                                                                     (459)                    (630)


 Deferred tax assets relate to:
 Provisions and accruals                                                              149                         106
 Lease Liabilities                                                                    764                         851
 Share based payments                                                                     -                         -
                                                                                      913                         957


 Deferred tax liabilities relate to:
 Right-of-use-assets                                                                 (704)                    (831)
 Intangible assets                                                                   (668)                    (756)
                                                                                 (1,372)                    (1,587)



The movement on deferred tax is summarised as follows.


                                                Provisions     Right-of-                      Intangible
                                                                             Leases                        Totals
                                               and accruals   use-assets                        assets

                                       Notes      $000           $000         $000              $000       $000
 Opening net deferred tax
                                                   106          (831)          851              (756)      (630)
 asset/(liability)
 Recognised in the profit and
                                                   43            127          (87)               88         172
 loss
 Closing net deferred tax
                                       12.2        149          (704)          764              (668)      (459)
 asset/(liability)

12.3.     Imputation credits

The Group had New Zealand imputation credits of $891,630 (2023: $812,736) available for use in subsequent
periods.



                                                                                                                    33
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


13.Dividends
 Dividends declared and paid during the year ended 31 March
                                                                     Cents per share                        $000
 2024:
 Interim dividend Q3                                                     3.31                                332
 Interim dividend Q2                                                     2.34                                234
 Interim dividend Q1                                                     1.62                                162
 Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2023                         2.58                                258
                                                                         9.85                                986


 Dividends declared and paid during the year ended 31 March          Cents per share                        $000
 2023:
 Interim dividend                                                        2.45                                244
 Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2022                         4.05                                403
                                                                         6.50                                647



14.Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent by
the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, excluding treasury
shares.

Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
into account the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential
ordinary shares, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

Reconciliation of earnings used in calculating earnings per share
                                                                                  2024                      2023
                                                                                  $000                      $000
 Net profit attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the                      1,400                      439
 parent
 Earnings used in the calculation of basic earnings per share                     1,400                      439



Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                 2024                       2023
                                                                                Shares                    Shares
                                                                                 000's                     000's
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the                         10,004                    10,004
 denominator in calculating basic earnings per share


 Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
 Employee share options                                                                -                          -




                                                                                                                  34
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

                                                                              2024                         2023
                                                                             Shares                       Shares
                                                                              000's                        000's

 Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
 ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating diluted
 earnings per share                                                          10,004                       10,004



Share options issued under ESOP plans are considered as antidilutive.



15.Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                            2024                            2023
                                                                            $000                            $000
 Cash on hand and at bank                                                  1,695                           1,695
                                                                           1,695                           1,695



16.Trade and other receivables
Current
                                                                               2024                         2023
                                                                               $000                         $000
 Trade receivables                                                                 763                       842
 Less provision for doubtful debts                                                 (26)                       (3)
                                                                                   737                       839
 Other receivables                                                                  38                         1
                                                                                   775                       840


As at 31 March 2024 90% of the Group's trade receivables are current (2023: 74%). Short-term receivables
from customers (excluding Health NZ funding) are recorded at the amount due, less an allowance for expected
credit losses (ECL). This allowance is calculated using a simplified approach based on a lifetime ECL. Current
provision recorded is immaterial.

                                                                                          Allowance for expected
                                     Expected credit loss rate      Carrying amount                 credit losses
                                          2024           2023     2024         2023           2024          2023
                                          $000           $000     $000         $000           $000          $000
 Current (<30 days)                          0%            0%      666         644                -             -
 30 to 60 days                               0%            0%       22             23            --             -
 60 – 90 days                                0%            0%        9             21             -             -
 Over 90 days                               38%            2%       67         154              26             3
                                                                   763         842              26             3




                                                                                                               35
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


17.Loan receivable
    Third Age Digital Health Limited loan note                                     2024                      2023
                                                                                   $000                      $000
    Loan receivable                                                                 233                       313
    Less provision for doubtful debt                                               (233)                     (233)
                                                                                       -                          80




During the current financial year, an interim distribution of $80,000 was received from the liquidators of TADH
hence the loan receivable is held as a nil receivable as at 31 March 2024. The provision raised in the year
ending 31 March 2023 of $233k against the loan owing to the uncertainty around the liquidation process
remains as at 31 March 2024.

18.Right of use assets and lease liabilities

Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset
is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The
finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of
interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the
shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis (6-10 years).
Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include
the net present value of the following lease payments:
•      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
•      variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate;
•      amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;
•      the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
• payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be determined,
or the Group's incremental borrowing rate.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
•      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability.
•      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received.
•      any initial direct costs, and
•      restoration costs.




                                                                                                                       36
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


Amounts recognised in the balance sheet

 Right-of-use assets                                                         2024                    2023
                                                                             $000                    $000
 Opening balance                                                             2,967                  1,093
 Additions                                                                         -                2,147
 Lease reassessments                                                          (93)                         -
 Depreciation                                                                (360)                  (273)
 Closing balance                                                             2,514                  2,967


 Lease liabilities                                                           2024                    2023
                                                                             $000                    $000
 Opening balance                                                             3,038                  1,088
 Additions                                                                         -                2,148
 Lease reassessments                                                          (50)                         -
 Interest                                                                     204                        143
 Lease repayments                                                            (487)                  (341)
 Closing balance                                                             2,705                  3,038
 Current                                                                      306                        283
 Non-current                                                                 2,399                  2,755
                                                                             2,705                  3,038



Amounts recognised in the Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                            2024                     2023
                                                                            $000                     $000
 Depreciation of right-of-use assets property                                360                         273
 Interest expense (included in finance cost)                                 204                         143
 Short term office rent (included in office & general)                       115                          69

The total cash outflow for leases in the 12-month period ended March 2024 was $487k (2023: $341k). The
future minimum rentals payable under non-cancellable operating leases are $1,337k.



19.Intangible assets
                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                         Notes                     $000              $000
 Goodwill                                                18.1                      1,651            1,651
 Intangibles                                             18.2                      2,540            2,719
                                                                                   4,191            4,370




                                                                                                          37
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

19.1.    Goodwill

Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the
business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
                                                                                 2024                         2023
                                                Note                             $000                         $000
 Opening balance                                                                1,651                          796
 Additions                                                                           -                         855
 Closing balance                                                                1,651                        1,651


 Goodwill impairment                                                                 -                            -


 Net carrying amount of goodwill                                                1,651                        1,651


On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the
determination of the profit or loss on disposal.



19.2.    Impairment of goodwill

For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units (or
groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more
frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash-
generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata based on the
carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognised directly in profit or
loss. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.

Goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to Hawkes Bay Wellness Centre Limited (HBWC),
Belmont Medical Centre Limited (BMC), Ponsonby Medical (Third Age Health) Limited (PMC), Devonport
Family Medicine (Third Age Health) Limited (DFM) and EastMed St Heliers Limited (EastMed). Each practice is
considered a Cash Generating Unit (CGU).

The allocation of goodwill for each CGU is as follows:
                                                                                     2024                     2023
                                                                                     $000                     $000
 Hawkes Bay Wellness Centre Limited (HBWC)                                            408                      408
 Belmont Medical Centre Limited (BMC)                                                    13                     13
 Ponsonby Medical (Third Age Health) Limited (PMC)                                       375                   375
 Devonport Family Medicine (Third Age Health) Limited (DFM)                              65                     65
 EastMed St Heliers Limited (EMSHL)                                                      790                   790
                                                                                     1,651                   1,651




                                                                                                                  38
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

For the 2024 reporting period, the recoverable amount of the cash-generating units was determined based on
value-in-use calculations which require the use of assumptions. The calculation uses cash flow projections
based on a financial forecast covering a five-year period.
A forecast was generated to model the expected growth of the five CGUs. The following table sets out key
assumptions within the forecast:

 Discount Rate                                   18% (2023: 15-18.5%)
 Terminal growth rate                            2% (2023: 2%)
 EBITDA Growth                                   3% (2023: 5-10%)

Assumption                   Approach used for determining values
Discount rate                Based on current borrowing rate plus 3% margin for conservative approach.
Terminal growth rate         Based on historical long run inflation rate.
EBITDA growth                Based on management’s estimate of available growth in patient base historical
                             results

The value-in-use is estimated to exceed the carrying amount of HBWC by $2.7 million, BMC by $0.1 million,
PMC by $0.7 million, DFM by $0.8 million and EastMed by $0.2 million. As such, there has been no impairment
of the asset during the year.

If any one of the following changes were made to the above key assumptions, the carrying amount and the
recoverable amount would be equal.
                                               HBWC               BMC             PMC           DFM         EMSHL
                                              2024 %           2024 %           2024 %        2024 %        2024 %
 EBITDA growth                              Reduction       Reduction        Reduction      Reduction    Reduction
                                             from 3%         from 3%           from 3%       from 3%      from 3%
                                            growth to       growth to        growth to      growth to    growth to
                                         negative 60%    negative 20%     negative 19%.      negative     negative
                                               growth         growth.                            27%          0.7%
                                                                                              growth.       growth



 Discount rate                          No reasonably    No reasonably    Increase from           No        Increase
                                              possible         possible     18% to 38%    reasonably      from 18%
                                          movement.        movement.            pre-tax      possible   to 20% pre-
                                                                                          movement.              tax


 Growth rate beyond year 5                No possible      No possible       Reduction                   Reduction
                                                 rate             rate      from 2% to    No possible   from 2% to
                                                                          negative 48%.   rate             negative
                                                                                                             0.45%

19.3.    Other intangible assets

Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each
reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.


                                                                                                                  39
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


As a result of the acquisition of general practices, separately identified Intangible assets have been recognised
from the patient enrolled database of the general practices and an ongoing funding agreement with the
Primary Health Organisations (PHOs).
                                                   Software    Patient database       PHO agreement         Total
                                                Development
                                                       $000               $000                $000          $000
 Cost:
 Balance at 31 March 2023                                23               1,368               1,796         3,187
 Additions                                              146                   -                   -          146
 Disposals/ retirements                                    -                  -                   -             -
 Balance at 31 March 2024                               169               1,368               1,796         3,333


                                                   Software    Patient database       PHO agreement         Total
                                                Development
                                                       $000               $000                $000          $000
 Accumulated depreciation:
 Balance at 31 March 2023                                (4)              (190)               (275)         (468)
 Amortisation expense                                    (9)              (142)               (174)         (325)
 Balance at 31 March 2024                               (12)              (332)               (449)         (793)


 Carrying amount at 31 March 2024                       157               1,036               1,347         2,540
 Carrying amount at 31 March 2023                        19               1,179               1,521         2,719


A patient database and PHO agreement was acquired on the acquisition of each GP clinic. The patient
database and PHO agreement are amortised on a straight-line basis over ten years. The remaining useful life
for each acquired GP clinic’s patient database and PHO agreement is as follow as at 31 March 2024:

                                                HBWC           BMC                PMC           DFM        EMSHL
 Remaining useful life (years)                    4.0           7.5                8.0            8.0         8.5


20.Business Combinations
20.1.    Group composition

The parent entity is Third Age Health Services Limited, a company incorporated in New Zealand. The Group
had the following subsidiaries as of 31 March 2024.

                                                                        Country of         Ownership    Ownership
 Subsidiary name
                                                                      incorporation            2024         2023
 Hawkes Bay Wellness Centre Limited                                    New Zealand             100%         100%
 Belmont Medical Centre Limited                                       New Zealand              100%         100%
 Ponsonby Medical (Third Age Health) Limited                          New Zealand              100%         100%
 Third Age Employee Share Purchase Plan Trust                         New Zealand              100%         100%
 Devonport Family Medicine (Third Age Health) Limited                 New Zealand              100%         100%
 EastMed St Heliers Limited                                           New Zealand               67%          67%



                                                                                                               40
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

The Company holds a 10% share in Phoenix Health Hub that is treated as an investment, recorded at fair value
each Balance Date. As per shareholders agreement, the Company has not invested any funds. As of 31 March
2024, the fair value was nil. Phoenix Health Hub Limited is an investment in a Christchurch based clinic to
realise a new integrated general practice and allied health clinic to support unmet health needs.



21.Trade and other payables
Current
                                                                               2024                        2023
                                                                               $000                        $000
 Trade payables                                                                 782                         675
 GST payable                                                                    253                         272
 Accruals and other payables                                                    560                         217
                                                                               1,595                       1,164

Non-current
                                                                       2024                                2023
                                            Note                       $000                                $000
 Liability for cash settled options          24.2                         1                                   2
 Accruals and other payables                                               -                                   -
                                                                          1                                   2

Current trade payables are typically paid within 30 days of the invoice date or on the 20th of the month
following the invoice date.


22.Financial instruments

                                                                               2024                        2023
 Financial assets                           Notes                              $000                        $000
 Financial assets at amortised cost
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                     1,695                       1,355
 Trade receivables                            15                                775                         840
 Loan receivable                              16                                   -                         80

 Financial liabilities
 Financial liabilities at amortised cost
 Trade and other payables                     20                               1,595                       1,164
 Bank loan                                    29                               1,342                       2,341
 Lease Liabilities                            17                               2,705                       3,038
 Employee share purchase loans               24.1                                  -                           -



22.1.     Fair value measurements

As at 31 March 2024, the Group has one investment in Phoenix Health Hub measured at fair value consistent
with 31 March 2023.

                                                                                                              41
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


23.Financial risks
This note presents information about the Group's exposure to each financial risk and how those risks are
managed.

23.1.      Interest rate risk

As at 31 March 2024, the Company had two fixed rate bank loans. The balance as at 31 March 2024 on the
fixed rate bank loans were $663k and $663k at interest rates of 10.26% and 9.36% respectively prior to IFRS 9
adjustment. The floating facility of $750,000 of which nil has been drawn down as at 31 March 2024 with a
current rate of 10.30% (note 29).

23.2.      Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of the failure of a debtor or counterparty to honour its contractual obligation resulting in
ﬁnancial loss to the Group.

Financial assets, which potentially subject the Group to credit risk, consist principally of cash and cash
equivalents, trade and other receivables, and loan receivables. The maximum credit risk at 31 March 2023 and
2024 is the carrying value of these assets on the balance sheet. The directors consider the Group's exposure to
credit risk from cash and cash equivalents and trade and other receivables to be minimal given that
•      The Group's cash and cash equivalents are held with ANZ, Westpac, BNZ, ASB and Kiwibank. ANZ,
       Westpac, BNZ and ASB are all rated AA- based on rating agency Standard & Poors. Standard & Poors no
       longer rate Kiwibank, but rating from Moody’s Investor Services and Fitch Ratings are A1 and AA
       respectively.
•      The Group's customers are typically low credit risk and, historically, there has been minimal bad debt
       expense recorded.

23.3.      Liquidity risk

The Group manages liquidity to ensure that it has suﬃcient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.
Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the board of directors. The Group manages
liquidity risk through continuous cash management and monitoring of forecast and actual cash flows.

Financing arrangements
Unused borrowing facilities at the reporting date:
                                                                                2024                           2023
                                                                                $000                           $000
    Bank overdraft                                                               750                            656
    Bank loans                                                                      -                              -
                                                                                 750                            656




                                                                                                                   42
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


23.4.     Maturity profile

The following table details the Group’s exposure to liquidity risk.

Contractual maturity dates
                                                 On demand            Less than one   Greater than one     Total
                                                                               year               year
 Financial liabilities as at 31    Notes               $000                    $000               $000     $000
 March 2024:
 Trade and other payables           20                                       1,595                   -     1,595
 Lease liabilities                  17                                         306              2,399      2,704
 Bank loan                          29                                       1,342                   -     1,342
                                                                             3,243              2,399      5,641



                                                 On demand            Less than one   Greater than one     Total
                                                                               year               year
 Financial liabilities as at 31                        $000                    $000               $000     $000
 March 2023:                       Notes
 Trade and other payables           20                     -                 1,164                   -     1,164
 Lease liabilities                  17                     -                   283              2,755      3,038
 Bank Loan                          29                   94                    281              1,966      2,341
                                                         94                  1,728              4,721      6,543

Capital risk management

The Group manages its capital (comprising of cash and cash equivalents) to ensure that entities in the Group
will be able to continue as going concerns while maximising the return to stakeholders through the
optimisation of the debt and equity balance.


24.Share Capital
Ordinary shares
All ordinary shares rank equally with one vote attached to each fully paid share. Total issued share capital is
10,004,149 ordinary shares (2023: 10,004,149). At 1 April 2021 there were 250,000 shares held for specific
participants of the Third Age Employee Share Purchase Plan Trust (“Trust”). During the year ended 31 March
2022, 200,000 shares were issued and the remaining 50,000 shares were issued during the year ended 31
March 2023. As at 31 March 2024, of the total number of issued shares, nil (2023: nil) were held in trust for
specific participants under the Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP, note 24.1).




                                                                                                                  43
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

                                                                        Treasury shares                              Authorised
                                                             Issued     and shares held            Total        issued and fully
                                                    Share Capital               in Trust                            paid shares
                                        Note                     $000                $000          $000                   000's
 Balance at 1 April 2023                                         596                    -               596              10,004
 Shares issued                                                      -                   -                 -                    -
 Share issue transaction costs                                      -                   -                 -                    -
 Balance at 31 March 2024                                        596                    -               596              10,004


 Balance at 1 April 2022                                         592                 (76)               516              10,000
 Shares issued                                                     9                  76                84                    4
 Share issue transaction costs                                    (5)                   -               (4)                    -
 Balance at 31 March 2023                                        596                    -               596              10,004



25.Share Based Payments
25.1.     Employee Share Option Plan (ESOP)

ESOP - CEO

On the 4 September 2021 (grant date) the Board approved the offer of 300,000 options, 183,000 equity-
settled options and 117,00 cash-settled options, under a Company Employee Share Option Plan (ESOP) to the
CEO, Tony Wai. The Options will vest in three tranches, 60,000, 90,000 and 150,000. Vesting is subject to
continued employment and Total Return to Shareholders being 26% per annum achieved by 27 September
2024, 27 September 2025, and 27 September 2026 since grant date with the expiry date of the options will be
one year after the date of vesting.

ESOP - CFO
On 19th January 2023 (grant date) the Board approved an offer of 25,000 equity-settled options with an issue
date of 1 April 2023, under a Company Employee Share Option Plan (ESOP) to the CFO, Denice Bennett. The
Options will vest in three tranches, 5,000, 7,500 and 12,500. Vesting is subject to continued employment and
agreed performance targets achieved by 1 April 2026, 1 April 2027, and 1 April 2028 since grant date with the
expiry date of the options will be one year after the date of vesting. There is no obligation for cash settlement.
The CFO resigned effective 22 February 2024, hence no liability owing as at 31 March 2024.

                                                          2024                                           2023
 Financial liabilities as at 31 March       Number of        Weighted average               Number of         Weighted average
 2024:                                        options            exercise price               options             exercise price
 Outstanding as at 1 April                     325,000                       2.33             300,000                      2.36
 Forfeited during the year                     (25,000)                     (2.00)                  -                          -
 Exercised during the year                            -                          -                  -                          -
 Granted during the year                              -                          -             25,000                      2.00
 Outstanding as at 31 March                    300,000                       2.36             325,000                      2.33
 Exercisable as at 31 March                           -                          -                  -                          -


                                                                                                                              44
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

25.2.    Share based payments expense
                                                                                         2024                       2023
 Employee share option plan:                                                             $000                       $000
 Share based payments expense equity-settled                                                11                          6
 Share based payments expense cash-settled                                                   1                          2


 Employee share purchase plan                                                                -                          -
                                                                                            12                          8


26.Related party transactions
26.1.    Group composition

The Group is comprised of the following entities:

                                                                             Country of          Ownership      Ownership
 Subsidiary name                                                          incorporation              2024           2023
 Hawkes Bay Wellness Centre Limited                                           New Zealand            100%           100%
 Belmont Medical Centre Limited                                               New Zealand            100%           100%
 Ponsonby Medical (Third Age Health) Limited)                                 New Zealand            100%           100%
 Third Age Employee Share Purchase Plan Trust                                 New Zealand            100%           100%
 Devonport Family Medicine (Third Age Health) Limited
 (acquired 2 May 2022)                                                        New Zealand            100%           100%
 EastMed St Heliers Limited (acquired 3 October 2022)                         New Zealand             67%            67%

The Group's ownership interest in all subsidiaries are equal to its proportion of voting rights held. The Group
has no restrictions relating to its ability to access or use the assets and settle the liabilities of the Group.

26.2.    Related party transactions
                                                                                                             2024   2023
                                                                                                             $000   $000
 John Fernandes                                         Director & Shareholder      Director fees             63       58
 Juruel Fernandes                                       Sibling of Director         Contractor                 1        -
 Bevan Walsh                                            Director & Shareholder      Director fees             35       27
 Norah Barlow (resigned 26 November 2023)               Director & Shareholder      Director fees             25       39
 Wayne Williams                                         Director                    Director fees             45       49
 Steffan Crausaz (appointed 26 November 2023)           Director                    Directors fees            12        -
 Diane Budres (resigned 19 July 2022)                   Director & Shareholder      Director fees               -       1



Directors’ fees for John Fernandes, Norah Barlow, Steffan Crausaz and Wayne Williams also include fees as
members of the Audit Committee. Wayne Williams, Audit Committee Chair, receives a fee of $10,000 per
annum, while Norah Barlow, Steffan Crausaz and John Fernandes receive a fee of $2,500 per annum.




                                                                                                                       45
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

26.3.     Key management personnel compensation

                                                                               2024                               2023
                                                                               $000                               $000
 Short term benefits
 CEO remuneration: Tony Wai                                                     447                                331
 Other key management personnel including Directors                           1,138                                983
                                                                              1,585                               1,314


 Long term benefits                                                              12                                      7
                                                                              1,597                               1,321



Remuneration of the CEO is based on a base of $297k and Short-Term Incentive Pool (STI) of $150k. The STI
is at risk based on achievement of organic revenue and profit growth target and compliance with all relevant
laws and regulations governing the Company.



27.Non-Controlling Interests
EastMed St Heliers Limited, a 67% owned subsidiary of the Company, has material non-controlling interests (NCI).

Summarised financial information in relation to EastMed St Heliers Limited, before intra-group eliminations, is
presented below together with amounts attributable to NCI:

                                                                                  2024                        2023
                                                                                  $000                        $000
 Revenue                                                                          1,949                      1,035
 Cost of services                                                                 (400)                       (271)
 Gross profit                                                                     1,549                           764


 Other income                                                                         31                           11


 Employees and contractors                                                        (795)                       (458)
 Professional and consulting fees                                                  (22)                            (6)
 Other expenses                                                                   (481)                       (210)
 Operational expenses                                                           (1,298)                       (674)



                                                                                  2024                        2023
                                                                                  $000                        $000
 EBITDA                                                                               282                         101


 Depreciation                                                                     (196)                       (102)
 Finance costs                                                                    (144)                           (76)


 Profit before income tax                                                          (58)                           (77)


                                                                                                                         46
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

                                                 2024    2023
                                                 $000    $000
Income tax expense                                  7      4


Profit for the period                            (51)    (81)



 Profit / (loss) allocated to NCI                (17)    (27)




                                                 2024     2023
                                                 $000     $000
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                         379      398
Trade and other receivables                        86       99
Total current assets                              465      497

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                      44       47
Right-of-use-assets                              1,552   1,788
Deferred tax asset                                 24           4
Total non-current assets                         1,620   1,839

Total assets                                     2,085   2,340

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                          519      562
Current tax liabilities                           (31)    (32)
Lease liabilities                                 147      135
Total current liabilities                         635      657

Non current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                1,516   1,686
Total non-current liabilities                    1,516   1,686


Total Liabilities                                2,151   2,351


                                                 2024     2023
                                                 $000     $000
Opening balance for NCI                           (27)          -
Add profit /(loss) allocated to NCI               (17)    (27)
Accumulated non-controlling interest              (44)    (27)




                                                                47
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

                                                                               2024                     2023
                                                                               $000                     $000
 Net cash flows from operating activities                                        (20)                       109


 Net cashflows / (outflows) NCI                                                   (6)                       72



28. Prior period error
Upon review of IFRS16 and recalculation of our lease obligations, adjustments have been made to current year
retained earnings shown in our Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity. These changes are not material,
and have been included in the year ending 31 March 2024 (retained earnings reduced by $40k).

29. Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
The Group has no contingent liabilities or contingent assets as at 31 March 2024 (2023: Nil).


30. Bank Loan
The Company entered into a $3 million debt facility in the financial year ending 31 March 2023 with ANZ Bank
New Zealand Limited to provide capital to support the Group’s planned acquisition strategy. The original term
was two years (on a floating rate plus margin) with a covenant requiring Debt-to-EBITDA ratio (based on 12
“months” results) capped at two times, tested at each reporting date. The ANZ loan facility balance as at 31
March 2024 was as follows:

1.   $663k term loan, fixed at a rate of 9.36% maturing on 24 November 2024*;
2.   $663k term loan, fixed at a rate of 10.26% maturing on 29 November 2024*;
3.   $750k floating facility with nil drawn, at current rate as at 31 March 2024 of 10.30%

Security for the loan & overdraft are a first ranking security over the Company and the Group which includes
cross guarantees and indemnity of debt. As at 31 March 2024, the Debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.447 (2023:
1.233).

Total interest charged on the loan in the period was $151,312 (FY23: $98,578).

* Subsequent to year end, the Company extended the loan maturity of the two existing term loan facilities
amounting to $1,342k as at 31 March 2024. The maturity dates extended from November 2024 to 31
December 2025.




                                                                                                               48
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024


 Current                                                                     2024                          2023
                                                                             $000                          $000
 Bank Loan                                                                  1,342                           281
 Overdraft                                                                      -                            94
                                                                            1,342                           375


 Non-current                                                                2024                           2023
                                                                            $000                           $000
 Bank Loan                                                                      -                          1,966


Unrestricted access was available at the reporting date to the following lines of credit:

 Total Facilities                                                            2024                          2023
                                                                             $000                          $000
 Bank Loan                                                                  1,342                          2,247
 Overdraft                                                                    750                           750
                                                                            2,092                          2,997


 Used Facilities                                                             2024                          2023
                                                                             $000                          $000
 Bank Loan                                                                  1,342                          2,247
 Overdraft                                                                      -                            94
                                                                            1,342                          2,341


 Available Facilities                                                        2024                          2023
                                                                             $000                          $000
 Bank Loan                                                                       -                             -
 Overdraft                                                                    750                           656
                                                                              750                           656



31.Subsequent events
31.1.      Final dividend declared

On 27 May 2024 the Board declared a final dividend for the year of 2.80 cents per share taking the total
dividend for the year to 10.07 cents per share.

31.2.      Fixed Term for Flexible Loan

On 24 May 2024, the Company extended the loan maturity of the two existing loan facilities amounting to
$1,342k as at 31 March 2024. The maturity dates extended from November 2024 to 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                              49
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2024

31.3.   Acquisition of Hub Aged Care

On 1 April 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of 70% of Hub Aged Care, a Wellington-based
primary care practice specialising in aged residential care services for the total purchase price of $728k. Per
the sale and purchase agreement, a $598k payment was made on settlement, financed through the Company’s
existing ANZ floating facility. The remaining $130k represents a deferred purchase price to be paid on the first
anniversary of the completion subject to specified conditions.

No other matter or circumstances has occurred subsequent to year end that has significantly affected or may
affect, the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the entity in
subsequent financial years.




                                                                                                             50
                                                                                            Level 9 | 1 York Street | Sydney | NSW | 2000
                                                                                                    GPO Box 4137 | Sydney | NSW | 2001
                                                                                               t: +61 2 9256 6600 | f: +61 2 9256 6611
                                                                                                               sydney@uhyhnsyd.com.au
          Independent Auditor’s Report                                                                        www.uhyhnsydney.com.au


          To the Shareholders of Third Age Health Services Limited

          Opinion

          I have audited the consolidated financial statements of Third Age Health Services Limited (“the
          Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”), which comprise:

                 •      the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2024;
                 •      the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated
                        statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
                        ended; and
                 •      the notes to the consolidated financial statements including a summary of significant
                        accounting policies.

          I am a partner with UHY Haines Norton Chartered Accountants Sydney (the Firm) and I have used the
          staff and resources of the Firm to perform the audit of the Group.

          In my opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
          respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2024, and its consolidated
          financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New
          Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (“NZ IFRS”) issued by the New
          Zealand Accounting Standards Board.

          Basis for Opinion

          I conducted my audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (“ISAs
          (NZ)”) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. My responsibilities under
          those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
          Financial Statements section of my report.

          I am independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 International
          Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence Standards) (New
          Zealand) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and the International
          Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
          (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), and I have fulfilled my other ethical
          responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the IESBA Code.

          I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my
          opinion.

          Other than in my capacity as auditor, neither myself, the firm or the firm’s staff have no relationship
          with, or interests in, the Group.

          Key Audit Matters

          Key audit matters are those matters that, in my professional judgement, were of most significance in
          my audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed

An association of independent Ƃrms in Australia and New Zealand and a member
of UHY International, a network of independent accounting and consulting Ƃ rms.                                          51
UHY Haines Norton—ABN 85 140 758 156 NSWBN 98 133 826                              Passion beyond numbers
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
          in the context of my audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming my
          opinion thereon, and I do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

             Why the audit matter is significant       How my audit addressed the key audit matter
             Revenue recognition                       To address the risk associated with revenue
                                                       recognition, the following audit procedures were
             Revenue is a key focus of shareholders, carried out:
             directors and management in measuring
             the Group’s progress towards its growth       • Reviewed revenue recognition policies for
             objectives.                                       appropriateness and compliance with the
                                                               requirements of the relevant accounting
             The Group’s principal revenue stream,             standard NZ IFRS 15;
             the provision of consultation services,       • Performed Substantive Analytical review
             continues to be recognised at the point           procedures;
             in time at which the service is provided.     • Selected a sample of transactions and agreed
                                                               them to supporting documentation such as
             The Group’s other significant revenue             invoices, cash receipt and assessed whether all
             stream, the provision of capitation               criteria related to revenue recognition has
             services, is recognised over time as the          been met before being recognised as revenue;
             service is provided.                          • Reviewed credit notes posted after year end to
                                                               ascertain correct revenue recognition during
             Disclosures in relation to the Group’s            the year;
             revenue are included in Note 4 to the         • Performed revenue cut off procedures by
             consolidated financial statements.                selecting revenue samples before and after
                                                               year end and testing that revenue is recorded
                                                               in the correct period;
                                                           • Reviewed manual revenue journals as part of
                                                               the journal entry testing process with the
                                                               criteria specifically targeting unusual entries to
                                                               revenue accounts; and
                                                           • Assessed the reasonability and completeness
                                                               of the revenue related disclosures to test
                                                               compliance with the requirements of the
                                                               accounting standards.




An association of independent Ƃrms in Australia and New Zealand and a member
of UHY International, a network of independent accounting and consulting Ƃ rms.                                 52
UHY Haines Norton—ABN 85 140 758 156 NSWBN 98 133 826                              Passion beyond numbers
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
             Why the audit matter is significant                                   How my audit addressed the key audit matter
             Intangible assets & Goodwill                                          To address the risk associated with intangible balance,
                                                                                   the following audit procedures were carried out:
             The Group has significant intangible
             assets relating to the acquisitions made                                  •   Assessed reasonability of the useful life used
             in previous periods.                                                          for the purpose of calculating amortisation on
                                                                                           software and patient database i.e. finite life
             The Group has significant intangible                                          intangible assets;
             assets with finite useful lives including                                 •   Analysed the Group’s impairment assessment
             software, patient database and PHO                                            for the correct methodology with particular
             agreement totalling $2.54 m (note 19) as                                      emphasis on the key assumptions being
             at 31 March 2024 that are amortised                                           discount rate, growth rate and forecast cash
             over their useful life.                                                       flows;
                                                                                       •   Performed an independent recalculation of the
             In addition, there is a significant goodwill                                  Group’s recoverable amount and compared it
             balance recorded of $1.65 million (note                                       to management’s assessment and the relevant
             19) as at 31 March 2024.                                                      carrying amount;
                                                                                       •   Performed stress testing of the key
             We consider this area to be significant as                                    assumptions; and
             balances are material to the financial                                    •   Assessed the reasonability and completeness
             report and the significant estimates and                                      of the related disclosures to test compliance
             judgements applied in testing these                                           with the requirements of the accounting
             balances for impairment.                                                      standards.




          Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report thereon

          The Directors are responsible for the annual report, which includes information other than the
          consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report.

          My opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and I do
          not express any form of audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon.

          In connection with my audit of the consolidated financial statements, my responsibility is to read the
          other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
          with the consolidated financial statements or my knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise
          appears to be materially misstated.

          If, based upon the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
          other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

          Directors’ Responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial Statements

          The Directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of the
          consolidated financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS, and for such internal control as the

An association of independent Ƃrms in Australia and New Zealand and a member
of UHY International, a network of independent accounting and consulting Ƃ rms.                                                          53
UHY Haines Norton—ABN 85 140 758 156 NSWBN 98 133 826                                                      Passion beyond numbers
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
          Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that
          are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

          In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on behalf of the
          Group for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,
          matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors
          either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do
          so.

          Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

          My objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
          as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an
          auditor’s report that includes my opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not
          a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (NZ) will always detect a material
          misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
          if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
          decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

          A further description of the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
          statements    is     located   on      the   External       Reporting    Board’s    website     at:
          https://www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/.

          This description forms part of my auditor’s report.

          Restriction on use of my report

          This report is made solely to the Group’s shareholders, as a body. My audit work has been undertaken
          so that I might state to the Group’s shareholders, as a body those matters which I am required to state
          to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, I do
          not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Group and the Group’s shareholders, as
          a body, for my audit work, for this report or for the opinion I have formed.




          Vikas Gupta
          Audit Partner - UHY Haines Norton Chartered Accountants Sydney
          Signed at Sydney, Australia on 27 June 2024




An association of independent Ƃrms in Australia and New Zealand and a member
of UHY International, a network of independent accounting and consulting Ƃ rms.                               54
UHY Haines Norton—ABN 85 140 758 156 NSWBN 98 133 826                              Passion beyond numbers
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
STATEMENT OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

    Third Age Health Services Limited
             and subsidiaries




                                        55
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

The objective of the Board of Third Age Health Services Limited (“the Company”) is to to maximise both
returns on capital and the average annual rate of increase in intrinsic value per share. The Board considers
there is a strong link between good corporate governance and the achievement of this objective.

The company seeks to follow the NZX Corporate Governance Code (NZCGC) recommendations for listed
companies to the extent that it is appropriate to the size and nature of the Company’s operations. Other
principles which the Company considers in its governance approach are the the Financial Market Authority’s
Corporate Governance Principles and Guidelines, and the Commonsense Corporate Governance Principles 2.0
(altogether “Principles”).

The Board considers that its corporate governance framework complies with the NZCGC recommendations,
except as stated within this report. This report is presented by addressing the eight principles and the
associated recommendations of the NZCGC.

The information in this report is current as at the date of release of the Annual Report for the year ended 31
March 2024 and has been approved by the Board.

The key corporate governance documents referred to in this report are available under the investors section of
the Company’s website at https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz



Principle 1 – Code of Ethical Behaviour
Recommendation 1.1
“The Board should document minimum standards of ethical behaviour to which the issuer’s directors and
employees are expected to adhere (a code of ethics).
The code of ethics and where to find it should be communicated to the issuer’s employees. Training should be
provided regularly. The standards may be contained in a single policy document or more than one policy.
The code of ethics should outline internal reporting procedures for any breach of ethics, and describe the
issuers’ expectations about behaviour, namely that every director and employee:
a. acts honestly and with personal integrity in all actions;
b. declares conflicts of interest and proactively advises of any potential conflicts;
c. undertakes proper receipt and use of corporate information, assets and property;
d. in the case of directors, give proper attention to the matters before them;
e. acts honestly and in the best interest of the issuer, as required by law, and takes account of interests of
     shareholders and other stakeholders;
f. adheres to any procedures around giving and receiving gifts (for example where gifts are given that are of
     value in order to influence employees and directors, such gifts should not be accepted);
g. adheres to any procedures about whistle blowing (for example, where actions of a whistle blower have
     complied with the issuer’s procedures, an issuer should protect and support them, whether or not action is
     taken): and
h. manages breaches of the code”

The Company complies with this recommendation with a Code of Ethics which was published in March 2022.
Directors observe and foster high ethical standards. The Company expects its directors, officers, and
employees to act legally, to maintain high ethical standards, and to act with integrity consistent with the
Company’s policies, guiding principles and values.




                                                                                                                 56
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

The Company adopts policies to ensure it maintains high standards of performance and behaviour when
dealing with the Company’s customers, suppliers, shareholders and staff. The specific governance policies in
place throughout the year were a Diversity and Inclusion policy, Market Disclosure Policy and the Financial
Products Trading policy.

The Code of Ethics can be found on the investor section of the Company’s website
(https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 1.2
“An issuer should have a financial product dealing policy which applies to employees and directors.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Financial Products Trading Policy can be found on the
investor section of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).



Principle 2 - Board composition & Performance
Recommendation 2.1
“The board of the issuer should operate under a written charter which sets out the roles and responsibilities of
the board. The board charter should clearly distinguish and disclose the respective roles and responsibilities of
the board and management.”

The Company complies with this recommendation, with the board operating under a Board charter which is
available on the investor section of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 2.2
“Every issuer should have a procedure for the nomination and appointment of directors to the board.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Board has decided that these functions will be carried
out by the main board within the terms of reference of this Board Charter. A copy of the Board Charter is
available on the investor section on the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 2.3
“An issuer should enter into written agreements with each newly appointed director establishing the terms of
their appointment.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. All current Directors and senior executives have entered
into written agreements with the Company setting out the terms of their appointment. In accordance with the
NZX Listing Rules, all Directors are required to retire (though may be re-elected) not later than the third annual
meeting following the Director’s appointment, or after three years, whichever is longer. Any Directors
appointed by the Board since the previous annual meeting must also retire and are eligible for election.

Recommendation 2.4
“Every issuer should disclose information about each director in its annual report or on its website, including
profile of experience, length of service, independence and ownership interest and director attendance at Board
meetings.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The biographies of the Directors are available in this
Annual Report and on the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).



                                                                                                               57
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

With regard to Board meeting attendance, the Board meets as often as it deems appropriate, including
sessions to review the performance of the business, to consider the strategic direction and to approve annual
budgets. While Board meetings are usually held in personal as is common nowadays, a video conference
option is also provided, which also suits the dispersed nature of the Board.

The table below sets out Director attendance at Board meetings during FY24, including meetings to approve
strategic plans, budgets and the release of annual and half year results.

 Director                                                          Number of meetings       Number of meetings
                                                                     eligible to attend               attended
 Bevan John Walsh                                                                     8                        8
 John Samuel Ronny Fernandes                                                          8                        8
 Wayne Geoffrey Williams                                                              8                        8
 Norah Kathleen Barlow (resigned 26 November 2023)                                    6                        5
 Steffan Crausaz (appointed 26 November 2023)                                         2                        2

Recommendation 2.5
“An issuer should have a written diversity policy which includes requirements for the board or a relevant
committee of the board to set measurable objectives for achieving diversity (which at a minimum should
address gender diversity) and to assess annually both the objectives and the entity’s progress in achieving
them. The issuer should disclose the policy or a summary of it.”

The company complies with the recommendation to have a written diversity policy which can be found on the
investor section of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz). The company prioritises
diversity of thought and has not set any specific measurable diversity objectives related to gender, ethnicity or
other similar characteristics.

NZX listed issuers are required to report quantitative data on the gender breakdown of Directors and Officers
at the financial year end.

As at 31 March 2024 the mix of male and female within the Board and Company’s Key Management Personnel
(the CEO and persons that report to the CEO) was as follows:


                                                     2024                                 2023
                                                     Male          Female                 Male          Female
 Non-executive Directors                                4                 -                  3               1

 Key Management Personnel                                3                7                   4                6

Recommendation 2.6
“Directors should undertake appropriate training to remain current on how to best perform their duties as
directors of an issuer.”

Members of the Board undertake regular professional training to remain current on how best to perform their
duties. The Company encourages all Directors to undertake appropriate training and education so that they
may best perform their duties. This may include attending presentations on changes in governance, legal and
regulatory frameworks; attending technical and professional development courses; site visits and briefings
from key executives; and attending presentations from industry experts and key advisers.



                                                                                                               58
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

Recommendation 2.7
“The Board should have a procedure to regularly assess director, board, and committee performance.”

The Board have introduced an assessment process to enable an annual assessment of the Directors, and the
Board plus senior executives. The Board considers individual and collective performance, together with the
skill sets, training and development and succession planning required to govern the business.

Recommendation 2.8
“A majority of the Board should be independent directors.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. In determining directors’ independence, the Board has
applied factors outlined in the commentary to Corporate Governance Code recommendation 2.4.

The Board currently comprises four Directors, three of whom are independent:
    • John Samuel Ronny Fernandes, Independent Chairman
    • Bevan John Walsh, Non-independent Director.
    • Wayne Geoffrey Williams, Independent Director.
    • Steffan Crausaz, Independent Director

Directors’ interests disclosed for the financial year ended 31 March 2024 are provided in the Shareholder and
Statutory Information section of this Annual Report.

Recommendation 2.9
“An issuer should have an independent chair of the Board. If the chair is not independent, the chair and the
CEO should be different people.”

During the year ended 31 March 2024, the Company complied with this recommendation. In addition, the
Chairman and CEO are different people.


Principle 3 – Board Committees
Recommendation 3.1
“An issuer’s audit committee should operate under a written charter. Membership on the audit committee
should be a majority of independent directors and comprise solely of non-executive directors of the issuer. The
Chair of the audit committee should be an independent director and not the chair of the board.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The board operates an Audit Committee which provides a
forum for effective communication between the Board and external auditors. The Committee reviews the
annual and half-yearly financial statements, prior to their approval by the Board, the effectiveness of internal
control, the Company finance function, information systems, and the efficiency and effectiveness of the audit
function.
During the year ended 31 March 2024 the Committee comprised of Wayne Williams (Chair and Independent
Director), Norah Barlow (Independent Director, resigned 26 November 2023), Steffan Crausaz (appointed 26
November 2023) and John Fernandes (Independent director). The Audit Committee Charter can be found on
the investors section of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

The table below sets out Director’s attendance at Audit Committee meetings during FY24.




                                                                                                               59
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

 Director                                                         Number of meetings       Number of meetings
                                                                    eligible to attend               attended
 Wayne Geoffrey Williams                                                            3                        3
 John Samuel Ronny Fernandes                                                        3                        3
 Norah Kathleen Barlow (resigned 26 November 2023)                                  2                        2
 Steffan Crausaz (appointed 26 November 2023)                                       1                        1



Recommendation 3.2
“Employees should only attend the audit committee at the invitation of the audit committee.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. Employees and other non- members of the committee
only attend by invitation.

Recommendation 3.3
“An issuer should have a remuneration committee which operates under a written charter (unless this is carried
out by the whole board). At least a majority of the remuneration committee should be independent directors”.

Given the size and nature of the Board there is no standing committee for remuneration, but the Board has
decided that these functions will be carried out by the main Board within the terms of reference of the Board
Charter. A copy of the Board Charter is available on the investors section of the Company’s website
(https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 3.4
“An issuer should establish a nominations committee to recommend director appointments to the Board
(unless this is carried out by the whole Board) which should operate under a written charter. At least a
majority of the nominations committee should be independent directors.”

Given the size and nature of the Board there is no standing committee for nominations, but the Board has
decided that these functions will be carried out by the main board within the terms of reference of the Board
Charter. A copy of the Board Charter is available on the investor section of the Company’s website
(https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 3.5
“An issuer should consider whether it is appropriate to have any other board committees as standing
committees. All committees should operate under written charters. An issuer should identify the members of
each of its committees, and periodically report member attendance.”

The Board will continue to access the requirements for further standing committees. The Board will use
standing committees where this will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while still retaining Board
responsibility.

Recommendation 3.6
“The board should establish appropriate protocols that set out the procedure to be followed if there is a
takeover offer for the issuer including any communication between insiders and the bidder. The board should
disclose the scope of independent advisory reports to shareholders. These protocols should disclose the option
of establishing an independent takeover committee, and the likely composition and implementation of an
independent takeover committee.”

In the case of a takeover offer, the Company will form an Independent Takeover Committee to oversee
disclosure and response and engage expert legal and financial advisors to provide advice on procedure. The


                                                                                                             60
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

Company does not have a formal Takeover Response Policy at this stage and so is not compliant with this
recommendation.



Principle 4 - Reporting and disclosure
Recommendation 4.1
“The issuer’s board should have written continuous disclosure policy.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Company’s directors are committed to keeping
investors and the market informed of all material information about the Company and its performance, in a
timely manner. The company has adopted a Market Disclosure Policy to ensure that material information is
identified, reported, assessed and, where required, disclosed to the market in a timely manner. A copy of the
Policy is available on the investors section of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 4.2
“An issuer should make its code of ethics, board and committee charters and the policies recommended in the
NZX Code, together with any other key governance documents, available on its website.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. Published policies and charters are found the investor
section of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 4.3
“Financial reporting should be balanced, clear and objective. An issuer should provide non-financial disclosures
at least annually, including considering environmental, economic, and social factors and practices. It should
explain how operational or non-financial targets are measured. Non-financial reporting should be informative,
include forward looking assessments, and align with key strategies and metrics monitored by the board.”

In addition to all information required by law, the Company also seeks to provide meaningful information to
ensure stakeholders and investors are well informed, including financial and non-financial information.

Financial Information
Senior Management is responsible for implementing and maintaining appropriate accounting and financial
reporting principles, policies, and internal controls designed to ensure compliance with accounting standards
and applicable laws and regulations.

The Board’s Audit Committee oversees the quality and integrity of external financial reporting, including the
accuracy, completeness, balance and timeliness of financial statements. It reviews the Company’s full and half
year financial statements and makes recommendations to the Board concerning accounting policies, areas of
judgement, compliance with accounting standards, stock exchange and legal requirements, and the results of
the external audit.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2024, the Directors believe that proper accounting records have been
kept that enable the determination of the Company’s financial position with reasonable accuracy and facilitate
compliance of the financial statements with the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The Company’ full and half year financial statements are available on the investor section of the Company’s
website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).



                                                                                                              61
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

Non‑financial information
The Company sets out, reports against and discusses its strategic objectives in a variety of communications
including the Chair and CEO’s commentary in reports to shareholders.



Principle 5 – Remuneration
Recommendation 5.1
“An issuer should recommend director remuneration to shareholders for approval in a transparent manner.
Actual director remuneration should be clearly disclosed in the issuer’s annual report.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. Remuneration of Directors and senior executives is a key
responsibility of the Board. The Board ensures that remuneration is benchmarked to the market for Director
and Board positions.

Recommendation 5.2
“An issuer should have a remuneration policy for remuneration of directors and officers, which outlines the
relative weightings of remuneration component and relevant performance criteria.”

The Company complies with this recommendation.

Director remuneration
The total remuneration pool available for Directors was fixed at listing at a current maximum of $180,000 per
annum for all non-executive Directors. The Board determines the level of remuneration paid to Directors from
that pool. Directors also receive reimbursement for reasonable travelling, accommodation and other expenses
incurred in the course of performing their duties.

Any proposed increases in pool of fees for non-executive Director fees and remuneration will be put to
shareholders for approval. If independent advice is sought by the Board, it will be disclosed to shareholders as
part of the approval process.

Approved remuneration for Board roles
The fees payable to a non-executive Chair currently amount to $60,000 per annum, fees payable to the
Independent and Non-Independent Directors are $35,000 per annum. The Chair of the Audit Committee
receives $10,000 per annum while members receive $2,500 per annum.

No retirement benefits, share options or special exertion payments have been provided to Directors

Executive remuneration
In general, executive remuneration comprises a fixed base salary, an at-risk short-term incentive payable
annually linked to business performance and incentives linked to longer term share growth. At-risk incentives
are paid against targets agreed with executives at the commencement of the period and are based on financial
measures, mainly earnings targets.

Recommendation 5.3
“An issuer should disclose the remuneration arrangements in place for the CEO in its annual report. This should
include disclosure of base salary, short term incentives and long-term incentives and the performance criteria
used to determine performance-based payments.”




                                                                                                              62
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

The Company complies with this recommendation. The CEO remuneration is detailed under note 25.3 of the
Consolidated Financial Statements.



Principle 6 - Risk Management
Recommendation 6.1
“An issuer should have a risk management framework for its business and the issuer’s board should receive and
review regular reports. An issuer should report the material risks facing the business and how these are being
managed.”

The Board has overall responsibility for the Company’s system of risk management and internal control. The
Board delegates day-to-day management of the risk to the CEO.

Risk Identification
The senior management team is required to regularly identify the major risks affecting the business and
develop structures, practices, and processes to manage and monitor these risks. The CEO provides an updated
risk register at each Board meeting. Additionally, the Board has regular engagement with all Key Management
Personnel, including unfettered access to them and external advisors as needed to support decision making
and manage risks.

Insurance
The Company maintains insurance policies that it considers adequate to meet its insurable risks.

Recommendation 6.2
“An issuer should disclose how it manages it’s health and safety risks and should report on its health and safety
risks, performance and management.”

The Company complies with this recommendation, with formal reporting to the board on it’s health and safety
risks, performance and management at Board meetings.



Principle 7 – Auditors
Recommendation 7.1
“The board should establish a framework for the issuer’s relationship with its external auditors. This should
include:
a. For sustaining communication with the issuer’s external auditors;
b. To ensure that the ability of the external auditors to carry out their statutory audit role is not impaired, or
     could reasonably be conceived to be impaired;
c. To address what, if any services (whether by type or level) other than their statutory audit roles may be
     provided by the auditors to the issuer: and
d. To provide for the monitoring and approval by the issuer’s audit committee of any service provided to the
     issuer other than in their statutory audit role.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Board is committed to ensuring audit independence,
both in fact and appearance, so that the Company’s external financial reporting is viewed as being highly
objective and without bias. The Audit Committee reviews the quality and cost of the audit undertaken by the
Company’s external auditors and provides a formal channel of communication between the Board, senior
management, and external auditors.



                                                                                                                 63
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

The Audit Committee approves the auditor’s terms of engagement, audit partner rotation (at least every five
years) and audit fee and reviews and provides feedback in respect of the annual audit plan. In FY24 the
Company changed auditor from EY to UHY Haines Norton. The Audit Committee periodically has time with the
external auditor without management present. The Committee also assesses the auditor’s independence on
an annual basis.

All audit work of the Company is fully separated from non-audit services to ensure that appropriate
independence is maintained. There were no other services provided by UHY Haines Norton in FY24. The
amount of fees paid to UHY Haines Norton for audit and non-audit work are identified on note 8 of the
Consolidated Finance Statements.

UHY Haines Norton has provided the Committee with written confirmation that, in its view, it was able to
operate independently during the year.

Recommendation 7.2
“The external auditor should attend the issuer’s Annual Meeting to answer questions from shareholders in
relation to the audit.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. UHY Haines Norton will be invited to attend the FY24
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and will be available to answer questions from shareholders at the meeting.

Recommendation 7.3
“Internal audit functions should be disclosed.”

The Company has a number of internal controls which are overseen by the Audit Committee and/or the Board.
These include controls for business continuity management, insurance, health and safety, conflicts of interest,
and prevention and identification of fraud. Given the size of the business the Company does not have an
internal audit function.



Principle 8 – Shareholder rights and relations
Recommendation 8.1
‘An issuer should have a website where investors and interested stakeholders can access financial and
operational information and key corporate governance information about the issuer.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Company’s website can be found at
https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz.

Recommendation 8.2
“An issuer should allow investors the ability to easily communicate with the issuer, including the option to
receive communications from the issuer electronically.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Board is committed to open and regular dialogue and
engagement with shareholders. The Company seeks to ensure that investors understand its activities by
communicating effectively with them and giving them access to clear and balanced information.

The Company has a calendar of communications and events for shareholders, including but not limited to:
• Half and full Year Results Announcements and Annual Report.
• Market announcements.

                                                                                                               64
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

• Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.
• Scheduled and ad hoc investor presentations to institutional investors and retail brokers.
• Easy access to information through the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).
• Access to management and the Board via a dedicated email address, investors@thirdagehealth.co.nz.


Recommendation 8.3
“Quoted equity security holders have the right to vote on major decisions which may change the nature of the
issuer in which they are invested.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. Shareholders are actively encouraged to attend the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting and may raise matters for discussion at this event and may vote on major decisions that
affect the Company. Voting is by poll, upholding the ‘one share, one vote’ philosophy.

In accordance with the Companies Act 1993, the Company’s Constitution and the NZX Main Board Listing
Rules, the Company refers major decisions that may change the nature of the Company to shareholders for
approval. All shareholders are given the option to elect to receive electronic communications from the
Company. In addition to shareholders, the Company has a wide range of stakeholders and maintains open
channels of communication for all audiences, including brokers, the investing community, regulators, staff,
customers and suppliers.

Recommendation 8.4
“If seeking additional equity capital, issuers of quoted securities should offer further equity securities to existing
equity security holders of the same class on a pro rata basis and no less favourable before further equities are
offered to other investors.”

In the event that the Company will seek additional equity capital, the Company will seek to offer further equity
securities to existing equity security holders of the same class on a pro rata basis and no less favourable before
further equities are offered to other investors.

Recommendation 8.5
“The board should ensure that the notices of annual or special meetings of quoted equity security holders is
posted on the issuer’s website as soon as possible and at least 20 working days prior to the meeting.”

The Company has complied with this recommendation.




                                                                                                                   65
Third Age Health Services Limited
Shareholder and statutory information


1. Additional information required under the NZX Listing Rules

Twenty largest registered shareholders as of 31 March 2024
The Company has one class of equities, Ordinary Shares listed on the NZX Main Board under the ticker code
TAH.

The following table shows the names and holdings of the 20 largest registered holdings of listed ordinary
shares of the Company on 31 March 2024.

 Shareholders                                                                            Holding          % of
                                                                                                       issued
                                                                                                       capital
 Bevan John Walsh                                                                      4,289,343      42.88%
 Michael Haskell & Associates Limited                                                  2,571,893      25.71%
 Timothy Grant Livingstone & Robert Peter Webber                                         840,500        8.40%
 New Zealand Depository Nominee                                                          347,220        3.47%
 Diane Lynn Budres                                                                       248,392        2.48%
 Brian Hezelton Walsh                                                                    189,404        1.89%
 Jsrf Limited                                                                            178,792        1.79%
 Lenore Deirdre Bauer                                                                    156,500        1.56%
 Jiahuan Fu                                                                              138,182        1.38%
 FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                   94,480        0.94%
 Xzs Holdings Limited                                                                     44,000        0.44%
 Bruce John Mccullagh                                                                     37,049        0.37%
 Dellow Nominees Limited                                                                  33,400        0.33%
 Custodial Services Limited                                                               32,988        0.33%
 Tony Andrew Wai                                                                          32,903        0.33%
 Gore Holdings Limited                                                                    25,000        0.25%
 Norah Kathleen Barlow & Robert Noel Barlow                                               24,490        0.24%
 Arthur Smethurst & Leigh Smethurst                                                       23,000        0.23%
 Brett Hiirini Shepherd                                                                   20,529        0.21%
 Jean Paterson Marshall                                                                   20,529        0.21%
 Keith Arthur Albert Thomas                                                               20,000        0.20%


                                                                                       9,368,594      93.64%



The total number of voting securities of the Company at 31 March 2024 was 10,004,149 ordinary shares which
are listed on the NZX.




                                                                                                                 66
Third Age Health Services Limited
Shareholder and statutory information


Spread of shareholders as at 31 March 2024
The following table is the spread of listed shareholders as of 31 March 2024


 Shareholder size                                             Number of Holders           Total Shares listed       % of listed capital
 1-1,000                                                                    74                       32,887                      0.33%
 1,001-5,000                                                                75                      220,697                      2.21%
 5,001-10,000                                                               25                      206,844                      2.07%
 10,001-50,000                                                              25                      489,015                      4.89%
 50,001-100,000                                                               -                             -                         -
 Greater than 100,000                                                       10                    9,054,706                    90.51%

                                                                                209                10,004,149                   100.0%


Shareholding of Directors as of 31 March 2024
 Director                                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                                            Shares              Shares
 Bevan John Walsh                                                                                        4,289,343           4,311,731
 John Samuel Ronny Fernandes                                                                               178,792             127,328
 Wayne Geoffrey Williams                                                                                         -                   -
 Steffan Crausaz                                                                                                 -                   -

Norah Kathleen Barlow resigned as a Director on 26 November 2023. As at 31 March 2023 and 2024 she held
24,490 shares. Directors are encouraged, though not required, to own shares in the Company.


2. Additional information required under the Financial Markets Conduct Act
   2013

Substantial Security Holders
Information on Substantial Security Holders is provided pursuant to section 293 of the Financial Markets
Conduct Act 2013 (the “Act”) and details the Substantial Security Holders in the Company and their relevant
interests in the Company’s shares as of 31 March 2024. A person has a substantial holding for the purposes of
the Act if the person has a relevant interest in quoted voting products that comprise 5% or more of a class of
quoted voting products of the listed issuer.

 Investor name                                                                                          Shares held        % of issued
                                                                                                  at 31 March 2024             capital
 Bevan John Walsh                                                                                          4,289,343            42.88%
 Timothy Grant Livingstone & Robert Peter Webber (W W Flaunty Family A/c)                                    840,500             8.40%
 Michael Haskell & Associates Limited                                                                        626,920             6.27%

 Lenore Deirdre Bauer
   Beneficial ownership1                                                                                   1,514,972
   Direct ownership                                                                                          156,500
                                                                                                           1,671,472            16.71%

1.   This relates to an informal agreement relating to the beneficial ownership of a share of the shares held by Bevan John Walsh, the
     exercise of voting rights attaching to those Share, and any acquisition or disposal of those Shares




                                                                                                                                         67
Third Age Health Services Limited
Shareholder and statutory information

3. Additional information required under the Companies Act 1993

Directors’ remuneration and other benefits
The names of the directors of the Company who held office and the details of their remuneration and value of
other benefits received for services to Third Age Health Services Limited for the year ended 31 March 2024
were:

                                                                                    Board Fees    Audit Committee
                                                                                                            Fees


                                                                                             $                     $
 John Samuel Ronny Fernandes                                                            60,000                2,500
 Wayne Geoffrey Williams                                                                35,000               10,000
 Bevan John Walsh                                                                       35,000                    -
 Norah Kathleen Barlow                                                                  23,333                1,672
 Steffan Crausaz                                                                        11,667                  625

                                                                                       165,000               14,797



Interests register
Directors have given notices disclosing interests pursuant to section 140(1) of the Companies Act 1993.
Particulars of entries recorded in the Company’s Interests Register during the financial year ended 31 March
2024 are set out in the following table.

 Director                              Nature of disclosure

 Bevan John Walsh                  1   Bevan Walsh is a major shareholder of The Company TAH and Third Age
                                       Digital Health Limited (TADH). Bevan Walsh resigned as a director of TADH on
                                       20 December 2021. The Company is owned money from TADH. Details of the
                                       loan and interim distribution are provided in note 15 of the Consolidated
                                       Financial Statements.
                                   2   Indemnified to the extent allowed by the Companies Act 1993 and the
                                       company constitution.

                                   3   Directors and Officers insurance cover provided by the Company.



 John Samuel Ronny Fernandes       1   Indemnified to the extent allowed by the Companies Act 1993 and the
                                       company constitution.

                                   2   178,792 Shares (1.79%) in the Company held by JSRF Limited, in which John
                                       Fernandes has a relevant interest as sole director and shareholder.

                                   3   JSRF Limited (a company owned 100% by John Fernandes) holds an option to
                                       purchase a further 100,000 Shares (1.03%) held by another shareholder (who
                                       is not a director or senior manager) at $2.15 per Share. That option can be
                                       exercised in part or in full at any time until 30 June 2024.

                                   4   Directors and Officers insurance cover provided by the Company.
                                       .
                                   5   John Fernandes holds a position as a Board member of the ACT political party




                                                                                                                   68
Third Age Health Services Limited
Shareholder and statutory information

 Director                              Nature of disclosure

 Norah Kathleen Barlow             1   Norah Barlow holds a position as CEO of a client of the Company

                                   2   24,490 (0.24%) shares in the Company held by Norah Kathleen Barlow and
                                       Robert Noel Barlow in their capacities as trustees of a family trust associated
                                       with Norah Barlow

                                   3   Indemnified to the extent allowed by the Companies Act 1993 and the
                                       company constitution.

                                   4   Directors and Officers insurance cover provided by the Company



 Wayne Geoffrey Williams           1   Indemnified to the extent allowed by the Companies Act 1993 and the
                                       company constitution.

                                   2   Directors and Officers insurance cover provided by the Company




 Steffan Crausaz                   1   Indemnified to the extent allowed by the Companies Act 1993 and the
                                       company constitution.

                                   2   Directors and Officers insurance cover provided by the Company



Indemnity and insurance
The Company has entered into deeds of indemnity in favour of all its directors. The Company has insured all its
directors against liabilities and costs in accordance with section 162(5) of the Companies Act 1993.




                                                                                                                         69
Third Age Health Services Limited
Shareholder and statutory information

Employees’ remuneration
The number of employees or former employees, not being Directors of the Group, who received remuneration
and other benefits in their capacity as employees, the value of which exceeds $100,000 is set out below:

                                                                   2024                            2023
                                                                 Number                          Number
 $100,000 - $109,999                                                  7                               2
 $110,000 - $119,999                                                  3                               2
 $120,000 - $129,999                                                  2                               1
 $130,000 - $139,999                                                  1                               1
 $140,000 - $149,999                                                  -                               -
 $150,000 - $159,999                                                  1                               1
 $160,000 - $169,999                                                  2                               -
 $170,000 - $179,999                                                  1                               -
 $180,000 - $189,999                                                  1                               1
 $190,000 - $199,999                                                  2                               -
 $200,000 - $209,999                                                  1                               1
 $210,000 - $219,999                                                  -                               -
 $220,000 - $229,999                                                  1                               1
 $230,000 - $239,999                                                  -                               -
 $240,000 - $249,999                                                  1                               -
 $250,000 - $259,999                                                  -                               2
 $260,000 - $269,999                                                  -                               -
 $270,000 - $279,999                                                  1                               -
 $280,000 - $289,999                                                  -                               -
 $290,000 - $299,999                                                  1                               1
 $300,000 - $309,999                                                  -                               -
 $310,000 - $319,999                                                  -                               -
 $320,000 - $329,999                                                  -                               -
 $330,000 - $339,999                                                  -                               -
 $340,000 - $349,999                                                  -                               -
 $350,000 - $359,999                                                  -                               -
 $360,000 - $369,999                                                  -                               -
 $370,000 - $379,999                                                  1                               -



Amount payable to auditors
The amount payable to our auditors was $70,000 being $52k to UHY Haines Norton and $18k to the prior
auditors EY (2023: $89,400).



Donations
The Company made $1,450 charitable donations during the year ended 31 March 2024.




                                                                                                       70
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate directory



     Registered office
     536 Kennedy Road
     Greenmeadows, Napier

     New Zealand Company number
     3189884

     Directors
     Bevan John Walsh (Chairman, Non-independent)
     John Samuel Ronny Fernandes (Independent)
     Wayne Geoffrey Williams (Independent)
     Norah Kathleen Barlow (Independent) (resigned26 November 2023)
     Steffan Crausaz (Independent) (appointed 26 November 2023)



     Auditors
     UHY Haines Norton
     Level 9
     1 York Street
     Sydney
     NSW 2000
     Australia

     Registry
     Link Market Services Securities Registrar
     Level 11, Deloitte Centre
     80 Queen Street Auckland 1010
     www.linkmarketservices.co.nz
     Phone:(09) 375 5998
     Email: enquiries@linkmarketservices.co.nz

     Legal advisors
     DLA Piper New Zealand
     50-64 Customhouse Quay
     Wellington 6140
     New Zealand
     www.dlapiper.com/en/newzealand/

     Flacks and Wong Limited
     Level 5, Shortland Chambers Building
     70 Shortland Street
     Auckland 1140
     New Zealand
     https://www.flackswong.co.nz/




                                                                      71
Third Age Health Services Ltd
 P O Box 303 387, North Harbour
          Auckland 0751
      thirdagehealth.co.nz
